A Brief Introduction to the chapters 1-5 of The Old Testament
Explanation: (1) not all the quotations in the following quotation marks are from the Bible, but also from the "spiritual version" of the Bible（ 2) Because there are many versions of the Bible, this article uses the "spiritual version"（ 3) The part of the answer is from my disciple Yuan Ming Di Zi(yuan Ji shun). I added some（ 4) It's normal for us to find out that there are differences between the date we studied and the online data, because they are all ancient and have no exact records. It doesn't matter when the book is finished, because "scriptures and recorded things" is the religious doctrine and the main part of human civilization. Therefore, we can ignore the different time of study and find the original meaning of the Scripture, which is the core.

The completion date of the Old Testament is between 4000 BC (referring to the sermon of David bowson) and 400 BC. Q: what year is it? Answer: it started in 368 BC.
2. Exodus, the earliest work of the Old Testament, has a history of 3500 years. Q: is that so? Answer: 2849 years.

3. Tanah, also known as magabe, tenak or Hebrew Bible, is the first important book of Judaism, and later Christianity called it "Hebrew Bible" or "Old Testament Bible". It is generally believed that it was written from the "prisoner of Babylon" period (597-538 BC) to the first century BC, which lasted about 240 years. Q: is that so? Answer: 5th century BC.

The first genesis

1-1 "Genesis": how many years ago was the writing completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: (1) 3500 years ago（ 2) I was 60 when I was writing（ 3) Jin Gong, one of the five elders, came down to earth. At that time, he was the national Pharaoh of Egypt（ 4) Genesis is the material of the National Library of Egypt, which was obtained by the Israelites after Joseph. Thus Genesis became the classic of the Israelites. In the time of Moses, he wrote Exodus after genesis（ 5) My theory will not be accepted by today's Israelites. However, if we read Genesis again, we will find that the ancient nomads, especially from Genesis to the era before Joseph, could have a simple belief in the bud for such a small nomadic group as Jews, which really did not have the conditions to "inherit" a scripture from generation to generation. Let's take a look at the words and deeds of "Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob" who lie and cheat. Even if they have a complete book of Genesis, they will be discarded as rubbish by these muddleheaded people who can't distinguish right from wrong. The devil under the guise of the Lord will not allow them to have a complete book of Genesis（ 6) Please go to my interpretation of the true interpretation of Genesis, and you will know what kind of group Jews were in the era of Genesis.

1-2, "at first God created heaven and earth": Why did it take six days? Answer: Taiji produces Yin and Yang, and the combination of yin and Yang produces all things. Here comes the biochemistry, which starts over and over again“ Heaven and earth, sun and moon, men and women, a total of six, is the composition of life.

1-3 Genesis "1:29 God says," look! I will give you all the vegetables that bear seed on the earth, and all the fruit that bears seed on the trees, for food. "(1) this is God's" no killing order. "（ 2) This is God's "no meat" ban（ 3) This is God's "command and written provision" to be vegetarian（ 4) Don't worry about this sentence, for their "breaking the precepts to kill" to find an excuse, are the incarnation of the devil（ 5) Whoever kills animals for God's sacrifice, no matter what title or position he has, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking the God who "does not eat meat, does not kill animals, and wants to eat vegetarian"（ 6) Judaism's doctrine of "killing animals and offering sacrifices to God, being accepted by the Lord and making atonement for him" is that the devil misleads the ignorant people to bribe the upright and selfless God. It is that the devil enlarges people's selfish desires, makes people learn to protect their weaknesses and selfishness, and makes people become the farce of "hiding one's ears and stealing one's bells and going in the opposite direction". This is the behavior and mentality of the despicable devil（ 7) God said, look! I will give you all the vegetables bearing seeds on the earth and all the fruits bearing seeds on the trees as food. Your food is pure natural green food and nutritious like elixir. As long as you keep the five commandments, you can return to heaven（ 8) "Caution" is a religious law that forbids some improper behaviors of believers“ "No killing" means no killing and no eating of animals meat“ "No killing order" is the order of "no killing, no eating the flesh and blood of animals"（ 9) Five precepts: first, "do not kill, do not eat the flesh and blood of animals."“ "No killing order" is an order not to kill. Second, it is not allowed to steal property in various forms. Third, it is not allowed to have sexual relations with the opposite sex other than the wife (husband). Fourth, no lying. Fifth, no drinking.

Genesis 4:15 the LORD said to him, "whoever kills Cain will be avenged sevenfold. The LORD made a mark for Cain, so that no one would kill Cain when they met him: (1) "anyone who kills Cain will be Suffered sevenfold." this is because "Cain offered to the Lord the produce of the land." he also killed his brother who sacrificed the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep. "It shows that the Lord rewards and blesses those who abide by the rules of Genesis. It also shows that killing people "who" sacrifice to the LORD with "animal meat" will be protected by the Lord（ 2) "The LORD made a mark for Cain, so that no one would kill him if they met him." this is because "Cain offered the produce of the land to the Lord," and killed his younger brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep." it shows that the Lord rewarded and blessed those who abide by the rules of Genesis. It also shows that killing people "who" sacrifice to the LORD with "animal meat" will be protected by the Lord（ 3) Heaven have not kill and war, it is the source of life, it is the place to cultivate life, it is not "slaughterhouse"! Heaven's angels, all "eat wind and drink dew", do not need eat at all, because the angel itself is a group of pure air. The Lord is an "energy mass" that gives birth to life in the universe. The Lord does not eat at all. He is not "an animal that likes to eat meat", nor is he "an animal that has to eat animals all day to feed itself". Therefore, anyone who sacrifices to the LORD with "animal flesh" is a life destroying devil who slanders and insults the Lord who gave birth to life with his own words and deeds of "life destroying"（ 4) Anyone kills "who" they sacrifice to the LORD with "animal meat" and he(She) will be the Lord's Christ and judge in the world, and will be protected by the Lord.

1-5. Interpretation of Genesis: (1) when we read Genesis twice, we will find that the so-called "prophets of the Lord", from Abraham to Isaac, James and Joseph, are liars who lie and deceive people. They are also images of demons who kill animals. It shows that "prophet of Judaism" means "ignorance, stupid pig and devil". In Genesis written by Yahweh, the literary technique of "reverse thinking" is used to reveal the true features of the devil (Jewish priests) who is selfish, narrow-minded, poisonous and cruel through detailed factual cases（ 2) Christians, you've never heard of my opinion. My form is called "Deliver a sermon Overside Christianity", that is, the true inheritance of Jesus Christ is not in "Christianity", but out "Christianity". Only when you comes out Christianity then you can see Christianity clearly and understand the true meaning of Christianity（ 3) Do you understand? Christians. You will agree with me when you have the state of "eyes are like fire". If you don't have a state of "eyes like fire", you will not agree with me, which means that you have not accepted Jesus's Only Right Teachings way without Second of "making Christians be a Christ".

The second Exodus

2-1 "exodus": how many years ago was the writing completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: (1) 798 BC（ 2) A man with brown hair, 40, was the leader of a tribe at that time. His name was Moses (838-782 BC). He came down as "broom star"（ 3) In Taiqing palace, the purpose of the long haired green ox attached to the body is to educate and test people's wisdom（ 4) Because the ancients didn't know much about literacy and didn't have a high level of literacy, they didn't see the original meaning of "showing the true face of the devil" in the Old Testament, didn't see through the literary technique of "reverse thinking", and misunderstood that God was using the way of "direct narration". Therefore, if they understood the reverse Scripture, Judaism became a notorious group of demons.

2-2, "Hebrews worship the one true God": is that so? Who is their only true God in heaven? Answer: (1) Hebrews worship the one true God（ 2) The Lord is the "Lord of gold" in the "five old men" of "gold, wood, water, fire and earth", that is, the gold mother of yaochi, the spirit of Wuji old mother（ 3) The only one is "one without two", which is nothing to compare with. It's what Taoism says: Tao generates one, two, two generates three, and three generates all things“ "One true God" means "one true God"“ The "one" is connected from end to end, that is "O", that is, there is no polar circle, that is, Tao, Wu and congenital. All things in heaven and earth are born from the "one true God", namely "being, postnatal, angel and soul". Therefore, "one true God" is the mother of the universe and the origin of all gods and Buddhas（ 4) "Worship the only true God" is to yearn for heaven, and to "return from the present to the present", so that the soul of this life can return to the hometown of heaven. This is the common goal of all religions. Although the common goals are the same, not all of them can get the "one and only one truth". In order to mislead us to return to heaven, the devil has created countless magic under the guise of the Lord to prevent us from learning the "one and only one truth". The "Jewish prophets" in the whole Old Testament are the devil images who kidnap the Lord and mislead people to go to hell（ 5) It was because Jesus understood that Judaism practising the "Old Testament" was the evil clique that kidnapped the Lord. Therefore, Jesus scolded Judaism as "a false good scribe and blind guide", which caused the panic of Judaism. Judaism crucified Jesus.

2-3, "1:8 and a new king who did not know Joseph rose up and ruled Egypt. 1: And he said to his people, Behold, this people of Israel is more than us, and stronger than us. 1: Come on! Let us deal with them with a coincidence, lest they may rise up, and if there is any war in the future, we shall join our enemies against us and leave the land. ":（ 1) It is all the lies of Moses, because there has never been a situation where "the people of Israel are more than us and stronger than us" ever since ancient times（ 2) Because it is "unclean" to stand in one's own angle to stigmatize the sanctity of others' beliefs, there make an enemy. Egyptians who believe in the "Sun God" do not stand in their own perspective to stigmatize the sanctity of others' beliefs is "unclean", so the possibility of Egyptians having "enemies" is very low. There was only one true God in the eyes of Israel, whose Lord was their God, and the rest of the Lord believed in the holy "unclean", so the Jews had "enemies"（ 3) Jews living in Egypt will inadvertently disdain Egypt's "Sun God" is "unclean", and then cause the disgust and conflict of Egyptians, which is the reason why Jews "go out of Egypt"（ 4) The Scriptures in Exodus are all the tests of human wisdom. If you see through the lies of Moses, you become "Christ with eyes like flame"; If you believe it, you become a slave to the devil.

Chapter three Levi

3-1 how many years ago was the writing of "Levi" completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: (yuan Jishun, emperor of the yuan and Ming Dynasties) when I saw this man being flogged in hell, I went to visit the king of the three halls: when the emperor of the yuan and Ming Dynasties was ordered to help my teacher organize the Bible and find the author of Levi, I saw this man here. Yama: OK, I'll take you. I saw a man who was beaten to death by a jailer. The jailer put him down and restored his original appearance. I asked, "did you write lemmert?"? How many years ago? How old was it? What's your name? What was your job at that time? Which country? And the prisoner said, my name is Moses, and I am the high priest of the land of Israel. Written in 797 BC. I was 41【 According to the Internet information, "Moses" is about the 13th century BC between 1299 and 1200 BC. This is a false story

3-2, "1:1 the LORD called to Moses from the tent of meeting", and asked, "is this the case? Answer: it's a lie that I (Moses) embezzled the name of the Holy (Lord) for my own status.

3-3, "1:1 the LORD called to Moses from the tent of meeting and said to him," 1:2 speak to the Israelites and say, if any one of you offers an offering to the Lord, he shall offer an offering of livestock from the herd and the flock. 1: And if his offering is a burnt offering of an ox, he shall offer an ox without blemish at the door of the tent of meeting, so that it may be accepted before the Lord. 1: He shall lay his hand on the head of the burnt offering, and the burnt offering shall be accepted to make atonement for him（ 1) Did you see that? This is the devil's enlightenment, which is diametrically opposite to the Enlightenment of the Lord. It is the devil under the guise of the Lord who teaches people how to use bribes to undermine the justice of the world, and learn to be selfishness by all means（ 2) This is the opposite of the Scripture of "Chapter 1 and Chapter 4" in genesis, which forbids animals to be harmed（ 3) If you realize that such a "Lord" is actually a devil who destroys life, you will become a "Christ with eyes like fire". If you see that the Jews regard such Scriptures as the true enlightenment of the Lord, you also believe them, which means that you are "tested down" and become "Satan's". Such a situation is "not the right way, must be evil.". Religion is a Dharma boat to heaven. If you don't become a Christ like Jesus, you will become a slave of Satan. There is no case that you can be alone without becoming a Christ.

3-5. [the interpretation of the spiritual version] "people should see the seriousness of their sin. When the sacrificial person sees that the sacrificial animal is killed, he will realize his guilt": is it necessary to "slaughter the bull before the Lord" in order to make people "realize his guilt"? Isn't it a crime to make people "commit the killing commandment"? Answer: (1) Moses misled them. They mistakenly thought that they could share their cattle and sheep with God to offset their evil deeds（ 2) These are the "Ecstasy" of the demon king, which makes people "commit the killing commandment" even more crimes.

He will slaughter the bull before the Lord; And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall offer the blood and sprinkle it around the altar at the entrance of the tent of meeting. "And he said," is there such a thing? Answer: (1) yes. It shows that human kindness and spirituality are lost for a long time, and greed is greater than reason（ 2) Man and animals are created by God, which means that animals and human beings are the same mother, and animals are human brothers and sisters. Killing animals is killing brothers and sisters.

3-7. [interpretation of the spiritual version] "praising God, worshiping God and thanking God, of course, need sacrifice, but asking him to forgive sins and have fellowship with him also need sacrifice." question: is this what God wants to sacrifice? What is the word and deed of God? Does Christianity have no consciousness of "evil god"? Answer: (1) at the beginning, God told people that man and God are one family, and all things are created by God, because man has his own thinking, selfishness, and separation from the good God. The spread of spirit in later generations also makes people do good rather than evil. However, with the development of human beings, selfish thoughts become more and more deeply rooted, which leads to the situation that "one person wants to dominate thousands of people, and God is kidnapped by the ruler"（ 2) This is not God's sacrifice. It's the devil's heresy of confusing right and wrong that the devil's spokesman said under the guise of God（ 3) Christianity has the consciousness of "evil god" (devil), but it doesn't know what evil spirit is, because there are only a few wise people.

3-8. [interpretation of the spiritual version] "God stipulates that people should be forgiven for their sins by offering sacrifices and restore their relationship with him." question: what is the word and act of God? Answer: This is the words and deeds of the ruler, and the words and deeds of the "evil god" (devil).

3-9, "1:14 if a man's offering to the Lord is a burnt offering of a bird, he must offer a dove or a young pigeon as an offering." question: is this the hope of the Lord? Answer: (1) it's not what the Lord wants, it's what the devil wants（ 2) The Lord is in heaven. There is no reality in heaven. The flesh of animals can't reach heaven at all. The LORD did not eat, he did not offer. The word of the Lord is to follow the good way of not killing, so as to approach the God who gives life.

3-10. [the explanation of the spiritual version] "the death of an animal means that one life has been offered and another life can be saved." question: is this true? Is this the intention of the Lord to offer? In this case, who doesn't commit a crime! Answer: (1) not the Lord（ 2) These are the words and deeds of "evil spirits" (demons).

3-11. [interpretation of the spiritual version] "throughout the Old Testament era, it has been doing this all the time, receiving the effect of teaching the people to return to God." question: is that so? Answer: (1) the whole "Old Testament era" revolved around the "priest"（ 2) Under the guise of "teaching the people to return to God", the evil nature of "harming people and invading things" is exposed.

3-12. [interpretation of the spiritual version] "the man who offered the sacrifice laid his hand on the head of the animal, indicating that he fully acknowledged the sacrifice of the animal instead of him. He slaughtered the animal, the priest sprinkled the blood of the sacrifice, and the sacrificial giver symbolically attributed his sin to it, and his sin was removed. Then he burned the sacrifice on the altar, and predicted that the sacrificial person would offer himself completely to God. "Question: is this true? Isn't this a self deceptive farce? Answer: at that time, the society was underdeveloped, and it was indeed a few intellectuals who fooled the whole country.

3-13. [interpretation of the spiritual version] "the significance of the sacrifice of animals by the Israelites is not only to stop the anger of God, but also because they deserve to have a substitute for punishment. Sacrifice shows their faith in God and their obedience to his law. "Q: is that true? Will the words and deeds of the Israelites who sacrifice their livestock make God angry? Answer: (1) it only makes God be angry（ 2) So Israel is often slaughtered by invaders.

3-14 ["spiritual version" explanation] "the most important thing is that this system foreshadows that the lamb of God (Jesus Christ) will come to die and overcome sin once and for all." question: is this true? Who are the people who say these words? What is he doing in heaven? Is Jesus Christ the lamb of God? Why does God regard Jesus Christ as God's lamb? Answer: (1) it's the Western ancestor Adam. There is a big hall in the middle of the two mountains. There are foreign warriors and horses. It is similar to a church. On the left is the Old Testament preacher. The first one is Adam and Abraham. On the right are 11 disciples of Jesus and others. The original words of Jesus' sermon are as follows: Jesus said that the best is like water. He came to preach himself and told the world what God was like. He was as kind and compassionate as himself when he was alive. I will go to my father after my death. You will walk the way I have walked. Just like me, you have love in your heart. You will always be close to the father in heaven. Only after your death can you go to my father, the Lord. When I die, I will go to my father. Just as I have done, I will wait for you in heaven instead of my father, the Lord（ 2) Jesus came down to earth as a fire elder (the "fire Lord" among the five elders of "gold, wood, water, fire and earth"), originally to tell everyone that "everyone and he are the son of God". While curing the disease and saving others, he also said that it is good to be close to the true God and God. Jesus was known by the high priest as soon as he became famous. Then the Jewish priests put forward a plan to kill the son of God. The high priests wanted to use Jesus' blood to sacrifice to God, so He think that everyone would be free from sin? In this way, Jesus had no way to escape and could not argue, so he was killed and martyred（ 3) Jesus Christ is God's "lamb". He “eats grass” and gives a lot. He is the spokesman of God's enlightenment.

The fourth part of “Numbers”

4-1 how many years ago was the writing of "Numbers" completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: 796 BC. 42 years old. What Moses did on the way to Israel.

4-2 "Numbers" means counting the people, which can be regarded as the census at that time. Q: is that so? Answer: check the tribal population.

4-3, "1:1 after the Israelites came out of the land of Egypt, on the first day of the second month of the second year, the LORD spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai and in the tent of meeting, saying," is it true? Answer: the purpose of Moses and his son's self directing and self acting is to make excuses for their own legitimate status, which is also similar to other emperors who call themselves the sons of God in ancient times. They are excuses for ruling the masses.

4-4, "1:49 but you cannot count the Levi, nor count their total among the Israelites." ask: why? Answer: because that faction is stronger than them.

4-5, "1:51 when the tabernacle is about to go forward, the Levites shall tear it down; And the Levites shall stand up when they shall set up the support. The outsider who comes near will be put to death. "Question: is that so? Why "outsiders who come near must be put to death"“ How many people were killed? Answer: (1) the people who come here don't believe and don't want to be manipulated by them（ 2) About 60 people were killed.

Why do the Levites camp around the tabernacle of the testimony? Is it really for the sake of "not bringing wrath on the congregation of Israel"“ Did the privilege of the Levites not make the congregation of Israel angry? Answer: (1) similar to a "small Three Kingdoms"（ 2) It was Moses who wanted to rule over him and reached a consensus with another family.

Chapter 5 Deuteronomy

5-1 how many years ago was the writing of Deuteronomy completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: 795 BC. 43 years old, what Moses did. He wrote four articles at the age of 43 and was killed at the age of 46.

5-2. [interpretation of the spiritual version] "1:1-2 it took the Israelites 40 years to complete the journey, which actually took only 11 days." question: is that so? Is it "something's wrong with them"? Answer: 38 years. Because they want to instill new political ideas and consolidate their ruling position.

5-3, "1:1-2 God not only wants you to live, but also wants you to live a life of serving and loving him." question: is that so? What kind of God is this? Answer: (1) because only in this way can they give orders（ 2) This is the devil in the guise of God, not God.

5-4, "1:21 go up and take possession of the land, do not be afraid or dismayed." is this what the LORD God says? Answer: No.

5-5. Why did they "refuse to go up, but disobey the command of the LORD God"? Answer: because they are afraid of not getting a safe day.

5-6, "1:27 murmured in the tent, saying," because the LORD hated us, he brought us out of the land of Egypt to deliver us into the hands of the Amorites and destroy us. "And he asked," is that so? Answer: (1) the Lord gives life, and the devil destroys life. The Lord and the devil are just like day and night. The "Lord" of Judaism's is actually the devil who destroys life（ 2) So the devil cursed the Lord（ 3) The Israelites believe in "the only true God", and it is "unholy" to slander any sanctity other than their belief. They will certainly slander the "Sun God" that Egyptians believe in, and they will certainly be resisted and expelled by Egyptians（ 4) It's not because the LORD hates the Jews, it's because the Jewish faith is too extreme. The Jews don't tolerate people, and they won't be tolerated.

"The Lord and your God, who walk before you, will fight for you." question: is that so? Will the Lord really fight for them and rob other people's territory? Answer: it's a liar's lie. It's the swindlers who are mobilizing for invading other people's territory.

5-8, "1:34 when the LORD heard this, he was angry and swore; The Lord is angry with me for your sake. "Is that so? Answer: Jewish priests are brainwashing people.

5-9, "1:41 we have sinned against the Lord, and are willing to go up and fight according to all that the LORD our God has commanded."? Have people been cheated by Moses, the devil possessed man? Answer: Yes. People are cheated by the devil possessed man. Just as Hitler kidnapped Germany to fight the Soviet Union, Ishihara encouraged Japan to fight China, and the Americans encouraged the Israelites to fight the Arabs.

5-10, "1:42 do not go up and do not fight, because I am not among you, or you will be defeated by your enemies." question: is this what the LORD says? Or did Moses cheat? Answer: Moses made it up.

5-11, "1:44 then the Amorites who lived in that hill country came out against you" because "they went up the hill country without authority, contrary to the command of the Lord"? Or was he deceived by Moses, the devil possessed man? Answer: cheated.

5-12, "1:45 and you will come back and weep before the Lord; But the LORD did not listen to your voice, nor did he incline his ear to you. "He asked," is this because they "went up the mountain without authorization, contrary to the command of the Lord"? Answer: in this way, people will lose their senses because of fear, and then they can fight for territory.

Li huaizhu Edited on October 30, February 25, 2017, in Xuanwu mountain, Longyao County, Hebei Province (monkey ancestor peak)