Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 8 Noah's ark spreading the teachings of Yahweh
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 8 The Flood Fades (8:1-5)
1. "8:1 God remembered Noah and all the animals and livestock in Noah's ark. God called the wind to blow on the earth, and the waters fell away": (1) "7:19 The waters were exceedingly great on the earth, and all the high mountains under heaven were submerged. 7:20 The waters were higher than the mountains by more than fifteen elbows, and all the mountains and hills were submerged", which shows that the earth disappeared, and the earth became a ball of water, which would not have happened at all "God told the wind to blow on the earth", but only "God told the wind to blow on the waters". The earth disappeared and the earth became a ball of water, so where did the water gradually fall? (2) "God called the wind to blow on the earth, and the waters fell away", which means that the mountains under the sky were not flooded, but only locally.

8:2 The fountains and the windows of heaven were shut up, and the heavy rain from heaven ceased.
8:3 The waters gradually receded from the earth. And after a hundred and fifty days the waters gradually subsided.
4. "8:4 On the seventeenth day of the seventh month the ark rested on Mount Ararat": (1) Mount Ararat is an active volcano about 4,400 metres above sea level, known in Turkish as the "Mountain of Punishment" simply because it is subject to frequent avalanches and landslides. It has large fissures hidden by smoke all year round, and harmful gases from eruptions fill the mountain. (2) Because "God told the wind to blow on the earth and the waters to fall", and not "God told the wind to blow on the mountain and the waters to fall", no boat would have "stopped on Mount Ararat". There must be another meaning to the phrase "the ark rested on Mount Ararat". (3) "The ark rested on Mount Ararat" is a warning to those "blind men without ears" that you do not know much about Genesis and should not go around talking about it. If you do not understand it correctly, you will be "punished" for the mortal sin of "misleading others, confusing people, misinterpreting the Scriptures, and harming the lives of others". (4) If you spread rumours when you have only a half-understanding and cannot fully unravel the vast amount of mysteries within, you are creating "a violent wind and a great flood", and you will be the first to suffer.

5. "8:5 And the waters subsided, and on the first day of the tenth month all the tops of the mountains appeared": "God told the wind to blow on the earth, and the waters gradually fell", which means that the mountains under the sky were not flooded, and "the tops of the mountains appeared " is quite normal.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 8 Noah the Raven and the Dove out of the Ark (8:6-14)
6. "8:6 And after forty days Noah opened the window of the ark": Noah, who was sixty years old, practised for forty days, realized that Magog had seen Gog, and became the Christ. Noah first taught his family and relatives and friends, and thus "opened the windows of the ark".
7. "8:7 Let a raven go. And the raven flew about until all the water on the ground was dry": (1) "Noah opened the window of the ark" and could see the outside of the ark with his naked eyes, there was no need to "let out a raven"; if Noah's family's If Noah's family had been blind, they would not have known whether they were letting out a raven or not; therefore, the "letting out a raven" was not for the purpose of seeing outside the ark at all, but must have been a "metaphor", and could only be a "simile, metaphor, or It must be a 'metaphor' and can only be a 'simile, metaphor, metaphor'. (2) Crows are a widespread bird, found almost everywhere in the world. They often build their nests in the tops of tall trees in cities and towns, where they caw and squawk incessantly. Because of its monotonous and mournful call, it is not popular with people. In many places it is still regarded as an "ominous bird", saying that "when the crow makes a noise, misfortune comes", and because science cannot solve this mystery, it is said to be unscientific, a "scientist". This is the most incompetent and ugly thing about "scientists". Whenever a crow cries monotonously and harshly, there is usually something bad going on; if it crows lightly, there is good news. The opposite of the crow is the magpie, which also has bad things if it cries monotonously and mournfully; if it cries briskly it will have good news. (3) The bird belongs to fire in the "jin, wood, water, fire and earth" and represents "words and information". The raven is black, which means that things are not going well and is misinterpreted as negative and spreading bad news. (4) Noah and his disciples told the world that "good has its reward and evil has its reward", and advised people to eat vegetarianism and not to kill, but people, out of ignorance, did not believe in "karma" and ridiculed Noah as a "crow's mouth". The people, out of ignorance, did not believe in "karma" and ridiculed Noah as a "crow's-mouth" who could not say anything that people would like to hear, but spoke "horrible" and unlucky words. This is "letting a raven go". (5) Noah, the "raven's beak", was so direct that it gave rise to resistance, and Noah was like "the raven that flies about". (6) If Noah had said to others directly, "I have become the Christ, I have seen the LORD, and the LORD has told me that "the tribulation of mankind is coming, and you will all be my disciples, and you will be saved by the LORD only by entering my Noah's ark". People say, what happens when people see Noah who says such things? If you try it yourself you will know that everyone will see you as a psychopath. They would see you as a "raven", a "raven flying around", and be treated coldly everywhere. (7) Noah spat out all his words and was not understood. He came back to reflect on why his good intentions were not accepted by others. Afterwards it dawned on him that he was lacking in wisdom, that he had been wrong in his approach, that he had spoken too directly and lacked rounded words, and that he had not only failed to interest people in his edification, but had also made them feel annoyed.
(8) Water, representing wisdom. "The word "qian" is now pronounced qian, but in ancient China qian (gan) was a generic word for dry (gan), meaning dry, and was used in the translation of the Bible into Chinese, and has not been corrected to this day. "The waters of the earth are dry" means that there is a lack of wisdom in the heart. (9) The Chinese word "till" means "till (zhidao), which in this case means "know", because "till, know "This is a form of writing called "harmonization", where the wrong word with the same pronunciation is used instead of the one that should be used, in order to deliberately test one's intelligence and prevent the creation of "blind eyes without ears The purpose is to deliberately test one's wisdom, to prevent the creation of a "blind man without ears" and to fill your mind with spiritual wisdom, so that you may become "Christ with eyes like a flame". (10) The word "till" should not be translated as "not until a certain time", but as "to plough; to cultivate". For "it is not possible for the raven to fly about until the waters of the earth have dried up". The reason for the translation "until all the water on the ground is dry" is that the next phrase is "but there is water all over the ground". It should read: The ravens flew about until all the water on the ground was dry and ready for cultivation. If there was still water on the ground, the ravens would not have "flown around" and would have returned to the boat because they had nowhere to land. The fact that the crow "flew around" and did not return to the boat because there was water everywhere and nowhere to land means that "all the water on the ground was dry" (it was dry at all). (11) So the raven flew around and did not return to the boat because there was water everywhere and nowhere to land, which means that "there is no water on the ground". Whoever thinks that "the ground is full of water" is "tested" because he "does not know right from wrong" and is a slave of the law without wisdom.

8. "8:8 And he let out a dove to see if the waters had receded from the earth": (1) It was "the ark resting on Mount Ararat", if it was really "to see if the waters had receded from the earth ", Noah would have been able to see "whether there was any water" outside the window of the ark if only "Noah had opened it", for Noah and his family were not "blind with eyesight ". Therefore, the previous "let out a raven" and here "he let out another dove" were not meant to "see if the water had receded from the ground". (2) If you do not even have such wisdom and think that it is really "to see if the waters have receded from the earth", you are a devil's lackey who has "drunk intoxicants", and you are "Satan's for a while". "You are worse than a beast. People like you should be treated in a "mental hospital", which means that the "flood" is still overflowing in your heart.
(3) If you think about what I have said and realize that you did not release the "crows and doves" to "see if the water has receded from the ground", you have the wisdom of a normal person, and that the "floods of the world" have not swept you away. "This means that you are a "noble lotus who is not afraid of floods". (4) If you believe that releasing the "crows and doves" means "to see if the waters have receded from the earth", and if you go on to tell others what you think, you are creating a "monstrous flood You are creating a "flood", a "flood of water" in the world. It is you who suffer first and foremost, and the people who receive your nonsense secondly, who are the devils who create the "flood".
(3) The dove is seen as a symbol of peace, beauty and happiness. Many famous cities around the world, such as Paris in France, Moscow in Russia, London in England, Warsaw in Poland and some other famous squares, have large flocks of doves, adding to the peaceful atmosphere of the attractions. (4) Noah learned a lesson from the last time when he "preached about the coming tribulation and that we should learn from him" and other inappropriate words that caused people to be offended, this time Noah told everyone about the beauty of the Kingdom of Heaven: the climate of the Kingdom of Heaven is like spring in all seasons; the angels in the Kingdom of Heaven do not have the earthly "suffering of eating, drinking, sleeping, growing old, sick and dying Noah inspired people to long for "peace, goodness and happiness". Noah inspired people to yearn for "peace, beauty and happiness", to know what is noble and clean, to know that "food and drink" on earth is short-lived, and that heaven is eternal, and that people should use their limited life to become Christ (the Son of God) in this life, and go to heaven to realize the infinite beauty. This is the "one dove" that Noah let out.

9. "8:9 But the earth was full of water, and the dove could not find a place to land, so it returned to Noah in the ark, and Noah reached out and took the dove into the ark": (1) Through Noah's talk about the situation in the Kingdom of Heaven, people compared the present situation in the world with the Kingdom of Heaven, and had the ability to distinguish between right and wrong, and knew what was "(2) How to reach the Kingdom of Heaven and become a man of God (2) How do you reach the Kingdom of Heaven and become a permanent resident there? What does it take to reach the Kingdom of Heaven and become its permanent residents? If there is no way to reach the kingdom of heaven, the desire for "peace, beauty and happiness" cannot become a reality, and "the dove cannot find a place to land". (3) The elite who have heard from Noah about the "peaceful, beautiful and happy" Kingdom of Heaven, who have the wisdom to see through the falsehoods of the world, and who want to reach the Kingdom of Heaven and become its permanent residents, go to Noah, and this is "returning to Noah in the ark". They became Noah's disciples when Noah gave them the means to "reach the kingdom of heaven and become its permanent inhabitants", and this is how "Noah reached out and took the dove into the ark".

10. "8:10 And he waited seven days, and then let the dove out of the ark": (1) Noah's disciples studied with Noah for seven days, and their realm was greatly improved. (2) In order that they might have the opportunity to practise in life and then become experienced and knowledgeable Christians, Noah released the disciples so that the teachings they had learned from him might be taught to more people everywhere, and Noah made them doves who preached "peace, goodness and happiness" in the world; this is "And let the doves go out from the ark".

Noah knew that the waters of the earth had receded": (1) The taste of an "olive" in the mouth is bitter at first, but sweet in the aftertaste. "The olive is a metaphor for "advice that is good for the soul"; a little bitter at first, but good in the end. (2) To be a disciple of Noah, you have to be a vegetarian, you cannot eat meat, you cannot drink wine or lie, and you have to persuade the world without complaint to turn from evil to good, which is a "hard task", but if you persevere and do not fall away, you will live forever in Christ in heaven. Thus Christ is the "olive". The process of growing an olive is the experience of becoming Christ. (3) The "olive" is the final result of the "photosynthesis" of the olive leaf. Becoming a disciple of Noah and receiving Noah's teachings is the "photosynthesis" of the "olive leaf". As long as the "olive leaf" is "baptized by the storm", it will have its final result and will become the living Christ. The "olive leaf" is the "Christian", the Christian who wants to become Christ.
(4) Noah's disciples became doves that flew everywhere preaching "peace, beauty and happiness", and many people, having been taught by the "doves", also wanted to become "olives" of the eternal kingdom of heaven ( Many of those who had been taught by the "dove" also wanted to become "olives" (Christians) for the eternal kingdom of heaven and asked to see Noah to be systematically taught, so the "dove" led these "olive leaves" (Christians) to Noah; this is how "the dove returned to him with a freshly twisted olive leaf in its mouth This is how "the dove returned to him with a freshly twisted olive leaf in its mouth". (5) Many people became "olive leaves" (Christians) under the leadership of the "dove", and Noah's teaching was recognized by many people, who improved their cultivation, had a noble goal in life, and had a correct outlook on life and values. The "flood" receded.

12. "8:12 And he waited seven days, and let out the dove, and it returned no more": (1) Noah asked the "dove" who had received the "olive leaf" (Christian) to conclude (1) Noah asked the "dove" who had received the "olive leaves" (Christians) to sum up, to see what stage he had reached, to be convinced that he had become the Christ, and then to "let the dove go" and let him go out to all the regions and make him the leader of the church, responsible for spreading Yahweh's teaching in a region. (2) "And the dove returned no more," indicating that he had been raised to the level of Christ and had become a "Christian missionary," able to lead a missionary.

13. "8:13 And it came to pass in the six hundred and first year of Noah's life, on the first day of the month, that all the waters of the earth were dried up. Noah removed the cover of the ark and saw that the ground was dry": (1) By the first day of the first month, when Noah was six hundred and one years old, people knew what the kingdom of heaven was like, and they knew that they should be vegetarians and should not kill and lie and "break the five commandments" (killing, stealing, prostitution and drunkenness), and that they had the ability to distinguish "This means that the "flood" has passed and people are now able to farm normally. (2) The doctrine of the sect is what was covered in the cabin of the ark. To "remove the cover of the ark" means to open the cabin and expose the contents to the public. Noah made the teachings of the LORD known to all, and this is "Noah removed the cover of the ark and watched". (3) The LORD's edification is the wisdom to distinguish between "good and bad, right and wrong, high and low, right and wrong, true and beautiful and false and ugly", and to make Christians into Christ. When Jehovah's edification becomes widespread in the world, people will have a higher education, a higher purpose in life, a correct outlook on life and values, and the "floods" will be gone.
14. "8:14 On the 27th day of the 2nd month, the ground was dry": On the 27th day of the 2nd month, the first anniversary of Noah becoming the Christ, the whole region around Noah had heard and accepted the LORD's teaching. There was no "flood" and the people lived a normal life of prudence, positivity and fullness of thought.

Genesis 8 Noah and his family come out of the ark (8:15-19)
15-16, "8:15 And God said to Noah: 8:16 Come out of the ark, you and your wife, your sons and your children": (1) And the LORD said to Noah. (2) You and your wife and your sons and your children have experienced and witnessed the growth of Noah's ark, and you are all familiar with the teaching of the LORD, so that you may go out of the ark and spread the Christianity of the LORD everywhere.
17. "8:17 Bring out of your place every living creature of flesh and blood, birds of prey, livestock and every insect that crawls on the ground, that it may multiply and flourish on the earth": (1) observe the LORD's rules in Genesis, do not steal the "forbidden fruit (1) To observe the rules of the Lord in the Book of Genesis, not to steal the "forbidden fruit", not to eat meat, not to eat vegetarianism, not to take for one's own selfish purposes, not to mutilate the lives of things, is the "righteous", the "living creature of flesh and blood". (2) A person who kills his brother in order to prevent killing in the world, a person like Cain, who cultivates his own land, eats vegetarianism and does not eat meat, and kills butchers to protect animals, is a person who is righteous, just and chivalrous, cynical of evil, self-sacrificing, selfless and has a clear conscience, a "righteous person "He is a "living thing of flesh and blood". (2) "Bring out birds of prey, livestock and every insect that crawls on the earth, that it may multiply and flourish on the earth" means: let man protect animals; let him not slaughter them, but let them (animals) settle their own life and death in their own way, and let him "not kill, not eat The word "meat" means that man should not slaughter animals, but let them (animals) settle their own lives and deaths in their own way.

18-19, "8:18 Then Noah came out, his wife, his sons, and his children. 8:19 Every beast, insect, bird, and all the animals of the earth, from their own kind, came out of the ark": not out of the "Noah's ark", the big wooden boat, but out of the "Noah's ark". Noah's ark": it was not out of the "Noah's ark", a large wooden boat, but man and beasts living as a family in harmony in a region where the Lord had taught them.

Genesis 8 Noah builds an altar and sacrifices (8:20-22)
20. "8:20 Noah built an altar for the LORD, and took all kinds of clean animals and birds and offered them on the altar as a burnt offering": (1) In layman's terms, an "altar" was a high platform of earth and stone for ancient ceremonies such as sacrifices and vows; it was a place for religious activities. It was a place for religious activities. (2) In fact, all "raised platforms made of earth and stone" are not real "altars", but are invisible, the natural "altar" of Christ (the Son of God) like Jesus. The true "altar" is invisible, and is the natural aura of Christ (the Son of God) like Jesus, the aura of righteousness that Christ had when he subdued the demons. (3) The Chinese character for "altar" is made up of the words "earth and clouds", meaning "coloured clouds on the earth of the heart", which is what Jesus said in the Book of Revelation This is what Jesus called in the Book of Revelation "the King on the heart", the Gog (the Gog, the Dharma, the God, the Christ who is not different from God). There is a Chinese Buddhist scripture called the Tanjing, which is a monograph on "how to make Magog (Magog, the living soul) see Gog and become the Christ", and there is not a single word in the scripture that makes one "build a high platform of earth and stone". The "altar" is therefore "the right way for Christians to become Christ" and "the right way for Magog to see Gog and become Christ".
(4) "Noah built an altar to the LORD" means that Noah became a "missionary" appointed by the LORD to spread the "infallible law that made Magog the Christ" in the days of Noah's life. Noah became a "missionary" appointed by Jehovah to spread the "infallible law of making Magog the Christ" in the days of Noah's life, making a group of people the living Christ. (5) The altar is used here as a metaphor for Noah's high, holy and majestic image of Yahweh's compassion for mankind as a result of his teaching of Yahweh. It is not really an altar. If you think that Noah really "built a high altar of earth and stone", you are imposing the idea of a beast on a man. You are an ordinary man who has not become Christ, and Noah is the Son of God who has become Christ. You are certainly in a different place from Noah, and your understanding of the same thing will be "vastly different". Noah's disciples, Christians from all walks of life who were "vegetarians, not eaters of meat, not liars, not evil-doers, not thieves, not drinkers", were "clean animals of every kind ". When Christians become Christ and fulfil their mission of preaching the law, they can return to the Lord in heaven like "birds of prey". The return to Jehovah's side in heaven with all kinds of Christ is the best comfort that "Noah the missionary" can give to Jehovah, the mother of the universe. (7) The "burnt offering", Noah used the fact that the disciples became Christ as a return to Jehovah, giving Jehovah the comfort of a cosmic mother for the success of his edification in the world.
(8) The "burnt offering" was not "the satisfaction of Christ as God", but "the best consolation to Jehovah, the Mother of the Universe, by becoming the Christ who smites the demons". For over a thousand years, Christians have had difficulty in entering into the true meaning of the burnt offering because of the ambiguity of the concept of "Christ" and the lack of knowledge of what Christ is like, and have had to do the opposite of the true "burnt offering" according to the Jewish understanding. The concept of "Christ" is not vague at all, but is written in great detail in the Book of Revelation, and you cannot be Christ without the courage to die as Jesus did, nor can you have "the best comfort for the Lord, the mother of the universe" (the burnt offering). ).
(9) In Genesis 4, Abel gave "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the lamb" to the LORD as an offering, and was killed by his brother "Cain", because the LORD had said in "1:29, 3:23 "Abel was killed by his brother because he had broken the commandment to "kill". The LORD did not punish Cain, but allowed him to go away from the tomb where Abel's body was and to prosper in another place, as a token of appreciation for Cain's compliance with the LORD's commandment and for his courage. Cain was also allowed to flourish in another place, as a reward for Cain's compliance with Yahweh's rules and for his courage and righteousness. Thus, Noah, who made many people into Christ, would never have burnt "animals and birds" with fire to make a "burnt offering" to Yahweh, who "did not eat meat, did not eat, and gave birth to life".
(10) To "burn the whole beast with fire as a sacrifice" means to "sacrifice the whole beast and the fowl with fire" to Yahweh, which is not a "burnt offering" at all, but a demonic act of killing animals to slander Yahweh. This was not a "burnt offering" at all, but a demonic act of killing animals to slander and abuse Yahweh, who "does not eat meat and does not mutilate life". (11) In Leviticus 1-5, the third book of the Old Testament, the devil prescribes five kinds of sacrifices in the name of Yahweh: burnt offerings (burnt offerings), vegetarian offerings, peace offerings (gratuity offerings), sin offerings, and atonement offerings (atonement offerings). This is the reason why Jesus called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and why he overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". The reason why Jesus overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". (12) After the death of Jesus, the devilish groups took a frenzied revenge on Christianity by promoting the Old Testament as a "Christian classic" and using it to discredit the Christianity of Jesus. The Christian groups of today are in fact Judaism under the guise of Christianity.

21. "8:21 When the LORD smelled the fragrant odour, he said in his heart, "I will no longer curse the earth for man's sake (man has had evil thoughts in his heart from his childhood), nor will I destroy every living creature according to what I have done": (1) Noah preached "let Christians be (1) Noah preached the "infallible law of making Christians into Christ", and Christians became the living Christ, and Noah had a "moral fragrance" because of his merit in bringing people back to heaven. When Jehovah saw that many people had been taught by Noah to become the living Christ, it was as if he had smelt Noah's characteristic moral fragrance. (2) "I will no longer curse the earth for man's sake"; I will no longer curse the whole earth for the sake of a few wicked men who do not do good. (3) "When a man is a child, he has evil thoughts in his heart" because he is infected by evil-minded people around him, and because he does not have an external environment full of good thoughts; if he is given an external environment full of good thoughts from childhood, he will be good in heart and free from evil thoughts. (4) After Noah's ark, the whole world knew what "true goodness and beauty and false ugliness and evil" were, and who wanted to learn good or evil? Who wants to be good or bad? You can decide for yourselves. When you get to hell, you will no longer have to complain that the LORD has not taught you or given you the opportunity. Nor will I forcibly extinguish the desire not to return to "every living thing" in the kingdom of heaven, according to my teaching of "making Christians into Christ". If you do not want to live in the kingdom of heaven forever, keep your own desires and bad habits as "living creatures". The monasticism to return to the kingdom of heaven and to get rid of all your bad habits is voluntary, and no one will force you to do it.

22. "8:22 While the earth remains, the harvest, the heat and the cold, the winter and the summer, the day and the night will never cease": (1) Everything on earth exists only when there is someone there. If no one is there, no one will know even if "the earth remains". Therefore, the phrase "while the earth remains" is an ellipsis, and should read: while the earth remains for man. (2) The time when the earth remains for man is the time when Yahweh's correction is in the world of men, for man and all creatures have come to earth at the command of Yahweh to build an earthly paradise.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 15 Aug 2017 18 Days Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei


 ()



