Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 20) Magog sees Gog and becomes Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 20: Satan in bondage for a thousand years (20:1-3)
27-20:1, "20:1 And I saw another angel descending from heaven, holding in his hand the keys of the bottomless pit and a great chain": (1) The "bottomless pit" is hell, the place where those who have not become Christ in this life and cannot live forever in heaven go. (2) Those who have not learned the "way of becoming Christ" (the law of nothingness, the right law) in this life, and do not know what "right law and magic" are, do not have the key to eternal life in heaven, but have the key to the bottomless pit. There are always only two choices in life, if you cannot live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven, you have to go to the "bottomless pit". In China it is called "if you do not have the right law, you will get the evil charm", and there is no such thing as being alone without becoming Christ. If religion, the boat of the law, does not bring you to the other shore to become Christ, it will drown you in the sea of the law, because you do not know what is "the boat of the law and the other shore", what is "the right law to become Christ and the magic to become Satan". (3) Why do you not have this knowledge? Because you have blinders on, because you have "no ears", because you think you can get the Bible and go to heaven, but you have not found the "man who became Christ". Because your master is a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind guide", and your master is not "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", you can never have the keys to the kingdom of eternal life, and therefore you You can only have the key to the bottomless pit. (4) The opposite of the "bottomless pit" is the kingdom of heaven, to which only Christ can go. If you know what the "key to the bottomless pit" is, you know what the "key to the kingdom of heaven" is. "He who has the key to the bottomless pit in his hand must also have the key to the kingdom of heaven. The "key to the kingdom of heaven" is "the way for Christians to become Christ". Therefore, the angel who "holds the key to the bottomless pit in his hand" is the lawgiver of God, the Lamb.
(5) "A great chain" can bind Satan and can pull people into the "bottomless pit". If one has no desires, if one has no wants, one will not give Satan the opportunity to enter into the "bottomless pit". (6) When you enter Christianity, you do not want to become a Christ, because you are afraid that you will become a second Jesus who will be killed, but you only want "God's blessing". So, with one sentence of "Jesus loves you, God loves you and God blesses you", the devil pulls you into "Christianity" and makes you a "lamb" to be "shepherded" by priests and pastors, and you "sing hymns and prayers and do charity work "You have been a "Christian" all your life, and when you die you will know it in hell because you did not become a Christ during your life. (7) Now do you know the "one big chain" that pulls you to hell? It doesn't matter if you don't know it now, you will know it when you get to hell. (8) The angel who "holds the key to the bottomless pit in his hand" is the Lamb, the lawgiver of God, and the "great chain" in the Lamb's hand is his method of teaching, "the way to make Christians into Christ The "one great chain" in the Lamb's hand is his method of teaching, his "way of making Christians Christ", his lineage of law. The Lamb's sect is called "Bai Yang Dao Pan, Bai Yang Di Pan" because it is on earth, and only those who become "Bai Yang Dao Pan" are blessed disciples of God, otherwise, they are legal slaves who confess to be thieves. Only those who become disciples of the Lamb have a direct connection with the Lamb, and this lineage is called "Bai Yang Ren Pan". The "Baiyang Dao Pan" and the "Baiyang Ren Pan" are "a great chain held in the hand of the angel who came down from heaven".

27-20:2, "20:2 He caught the dragon, the ancient serpent, also called the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years": (1) He did not know what the devil was, and could not catch him. The "ancient serpent" is only one of the three main types of "demonic spirits", and because it is "both rigid and flexible", it is "the longest of all evils". This is why the Book of Revelation contains the word "serpent". This is why the book of Revelation uses the term "ancient serpent" as the "devil and Satan". (2) Only Christ, who has become like the angels, can catch it. You are a "Christian" who "sings hymns and prayers and does charitable work", and you do not know what the "devil, Satan" is, because you have become "You are a slave in bondage to the "devil and Satan". (3) If you practice the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and become ""the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the rod of iron", then you will be able to "catch the dragon". Anyone who does not practice the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and cannot "catch the dragon" is not Christ, but a slave "with the key to the bottomless pit in his hand", bound by "the devil and Satan". (4) "Bind it for a thousand years" is only a metaphor; in fact there is no such thing. (4) "Bind it for a thousand years" is a metaphor for a period of time when people practiced the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, so that "the devil and Satan" were widely known to the world and people were alert, so that many people avoided being bound by "the devil and Satan". Satan", which is the same as "binding him for a thousand years". (5) After the 1,000 years, Satan will have entered the Middle Heaven Church for 1,000 years, and Satan will take a new form to corrupt the "Baiyang religion" of the Baiyang world, and this is the "coming of the devil". Without Satan and the devil there would be no Christ, but it is Satan and the devil who have made Christ's name. The Bible is so thick that it contains a vast amount of Satanic and demonic lies, a "living target" to refine "eyes like a flame of fire", a living textbook for the new Christ.

27-20:3, "20:3 Throw it into the bottomless pit, close it and seal it with a seal, so that it may not confuse the nations again. When the thousand years are finished, it must be released for a time afterwards": (1) The "bottomless pit" is the endless desire of man. For man's desires are endless, like the "bottomless pit", and thus the "bottomless pit" is created. (2) The "kingdoms" are not the countries of the world, but the "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" of man, the six gates of the kingdom. In the Heart Sutra, "no eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind", the sense organs are closed, there are no desires, "no thoughts, no worries, the mind is still", and the "devil and Satan" are thrown into the bottomless pit. The devil and Satan will be thrown into the bottomless pit. Knowing this is to "close the bottomless pit and seal it with a seal", and it will no longer confuse the practitioners of the nations. (3) This is a compulsory subject in the mental training of Christ, that is, to give Christ the mental stability to be able to live his daily life "without being moved by ruin, without being moved by sorrow, without being frightened by danger, without being frightened by chaos, without moving in the face of sex, without taking money when he sees it".
(4) This is the subject of the "training in meditation", starting with a minimum of ten minutes and gradually increasing the time thereafter. This is why "when the 1,000 years are over, we must release it for the time being". (5) This method of practice is not natural breathing, but a "different" method of breathing, which Jesus practised in those days, but God did not allow him to pass it on to his disciples because there was not enough time. This complete method of practice is the Taoist Golden Elixir, one of the three teachings of the Chinese Lambs that make up the "Baiyang Buddhism". No one can become a true Christ without learning this "life-cultivating" method of practice. (6) To have the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, to call the Judaizers "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", as Jesus did, and to expose the true nature of Satan, the "church group" that is brutalizing Christians, is to reveal one's own nature This is a way of "cultivating one's nature", a general attitude of being "one with God" (the Son of God). This is the way to "cultivate one's life" and "cultivate one's nature" by revealing the true nature of the devil. This is the true "cultivation of one's life", so that one can become a Christ of infinite power like Jesus, and can live forever in heaven.

Revelation 20: The unmarked one reigns with Christ for a thousand years (20:4-6)
27-20:4, "20:4 And I saw several thrones, and those who sat on them, and the authority to judge was given to them. And I saw the souls of those who had been beheaded for their testimony to Jesus and for the way of God, and of those who had not worshipped the beast and its image, nor had its seal on their foreheads or on their hands, and they all rose again and reigned with Christ for a thousand years": (1) You have learned the previous theory of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, and you testify that the Jewish priesthood in the "Old Testament "(1) If you have learned the theory of Revelation, and you have examined the words and deeds of the Jewish priests in the Old Testament, you will be able to discover which are the "ecstasies" that Satan is spreading through the mouths of the priests, and you will become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire", and you will be one of those who sit on the several thrones And the power of judgment will be given to you. (2) Discover which of the "Old Testament" is Satan spreading "ecstasy" through the mouth of the priests, the Christ who "testifies to Jesus". If they cannot be discovered, they are Satan who "testifies to Satan". (3) The "souls of those beheaded in the way of God, who have not worshipped the beast and its image, nor had its mark on their foreheads and hands" were Christians before Constantine the Great (272-337), and after Constantine the Great, when the Catholic Satanic group took control of Christianity, there was no true "the souls of those who were beheaded for the ways of God, the souls of those who have not worshipped the beast and its image, nor have they received its seal on their foreheads and hands". (4) These people "bore witness to Jesus", did not betray him, and died for the truth, so that their souls (God-knowing, God-reporting, and Magog) did not sink into hell, but ascended directly to heaven after their death, that is, "they were all raised up". (5) Because these people are Jesus Christians, they are "single specialists" in Christ, and are not perfect, so they can only "reign with Christ in heaven for a thousand years". After the 1,000 years, they will all come down to the "marriage feast of the Lamb" held by the Chinese Lamb and practise the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, the Baiyang Buddhism" to become Christ again, in order to be born forever in the Kingdom of Heaven. (6) "A thousand years" is a metaphor for "a period of time", but not always "a thousand years". Some Christ came down in five hundred years because of the need for righteousness in the world. For example, the Buddha who became the Buddha during the time of Wu Zetian in the Tang Dynasty (624-705), became the Bow Chief of the Ming Dynasty seven hundred years later, and in 1449, at the age of 36, he followed the holy order of the Immortal Mother to "spread the Way in the North and the South"; today, five hundred years later, the Buddha has come down to earth again to become a Chinese lamb.

27-20:5, "20:5 This is the first resurrection. The rest of the dead have not yet been resurrected, but are waiting for the thousand years to be completed": (1) Before 2012, he had studied in one of the five religions "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" and became the Christ who returned to heaven, which is the "first resurrection This is the "first resurrection". (2) The rest of the dead cannot be "resurrected" because they have not become Christ and have not yet completed their punishment in hell. They will not be "raised" until their punishment has been completed. (3) Not all of us "wait until the thousand years are finished", for each person's situation is different, ranging from a few decades or a few hundred years to a few thousand years. "A thousand years is a long period of time in this world; it is not a long time in the heavenly realm.

27-20:6, "20:6 Blessed and holy are those who have a part in the first resurrection! The second death will have no power over them. They shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with Christ a thousand years": (1) "In the first resurrection" when he became a human being, he became the Christ who returned to heaven. (2) When he was released from his sentence in hell, he became a civilian in hell, awaiting reincarnation, which is the "first resurrection". Thus, Christ who returns to heaven and those who do not become Christ are "blessed and holy in their part" as long as they are "resurrected". (2) When Christ returns to heaven and comes down to earth, he becomes a modern man, usually a leader in some field. For there are many different kinds of Christ, and their specialities and realms vary greatly, but what they all have in common is that they initially loved the mystery culture, and more than half of them became religious, while the vast majority could not bear to be haunted by the devil and became Satan's spokesmen. (3) The "resurrected" who did not become Christians and who came to this world after having completed their sentence in hell are generally civilians. Some of these "resurrected" people come to avenge their grievances, and disputes arise. Those who do not become Christ's "resurrected" are animals, and when they become modern humans they carry their "beastly appearance" with them. In short, those who are of low rank suffer for life, and those who are of low status are vile and shameless.
(4) "In the first resurrection", he came down from the heavenly Christ (the Son of God) to become an earthly human being with "the sufferings of birth, old age, sickness, death, eating, drinking, sleeping". The "second death", though exaggerated, is not an exaggeration, for he came to earth to suffer "his due". The "second death" means that after the "first resurrection", in order to fulfil the mission of God, one comes to earth and starts from scratch. The powers and realities of the kingdom of heaven have no authority in this life and need to be learned from the beginning in order to attain the realities of the "first resurrection". (5) Jesus rebuked the Jewish Church as "woe to you blind leaders, hypocritical scribes", and in so doing he was "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron", and thus This is evidence that Jesus is the "priest of God". Look at the priests and ministers of the "Christian Church Group", do they have any such words or actions? Therefore, none of the "Christian church groups" are "priests of God", but are "Jewish priests" under the guise of Christianity. (6) Jesus never "sang hymns and prayers, did charity work, and became a priest of the shepherds", therefore, the priests and ministers of the "Christian church group" are not "priests of Christ "They are all "Jewish priests" who have kidnapped Jesus to promote Judaism.
(7) "Priests of God and of Christ" are manifested by becoming ""Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the rod of iron. The "Christ who has the rod of iron", otherwise he has not become "a priest of God and of Christ". The priest who does not make Christians Christ but makes them "sing hymns and prayers and do charity" or become "shepherds" of the "lambs" is "priests of Satan and of Satan's group". (8) It is only by becoming "Christ, who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" that he can "reign with Christ for a thousand years". Can Christians who have not become Christ, who are "lambs" "shepherded" by priests and pastors, "reign with Christ for a thousand years"? Never. (9) He who lived "as a priest of God and of Christ" and died "reigning with Christ for a thousand years" is the Christ who ascended to heaven "in the first resurrection". "They are "blessed and holy".

Revelation 20: Satan is released (20:7-10)
27-20:7, "20:7 When the thousand years are finished, Satan will be released from his prison": (1) "Satan" is the devil, a metaphor for the delusions of the heart, an unrealistic and unattainable goal. (2) The binding of Satan (delusion) for a thousand years is a metaphor for the "steady, unmoved" state of mind of Christians through the "discipline of the mind"; and for another reason: the God of the elements (the Law, the Self, the earthly king, Gog), who comes from heaven. Another reason for this is that the God from heaven (the Dharma, the Self, the earthly king, Gog) is present when "Satan is in prison" (the state of stillness of mind). "By keeping Satan in prison, the sensory organs such as the eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind are shut down, and the human being's "essence" is filled up because it is not consumed. This is the basis for the flight of the spirit from the body. (3) If one does not stop after one hour (one thousand years) and does not release Satan from his prison, then one will be greedy for the "practice of fixation" and will develop craving, and will be haunted by demons; one will also become drowsy and be surrounded by drowsy demons. (4) "Stamina practice" is like "recharging the batteries", which should be "unplugged" at the right time. There is also a peak period for the "essence" response during the "recharge" period, after which it will become exhausted. As the Chinese proverb goes, "Tighten up, slow down, loosen up, not too tight, not too slow, to succeed.

27-20:8, "20:8 Come out and confound the nations of the earth, the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, that they may be gathered together for war. Their numbers are as great as the sands of the sea": (1) "The nations of the earth" are the four basic physical functions of the human body, namely, "seeing, hearing and perceiving". The "earth" is the ground of the mind, which is the consciousness of the human mind (the spirit of awareness). "Seeing, hearing and perceiving are all dominated by the mind consciousness (the consciousness, the body, the soul and the magus) and are therefore the "four kingdoms of the earth". When "seeing, hearing and perceiving" communicate what they feel to the mind consciousness (Sensei, Magog), they know what is going on in the outside world, so they dominate the "four kingdoms of the earth" and are not "confused about the four kingdoms of the earth (2) If the mind consciousness (the knowledge of God, Magog) is aware of the outside world, then one is in charge of the "nations of the earth" and not "the nations of the earth". (2) If one is not sufficiently advanced in the realm of the mind and consciousness (the God of Knowledge, Magog), and does not know that all things in the world have four processes: "becoming, dwelling, destruction, and emptiness", and therefore are all false appearances, and does not know that only the immortal God (the Dharma body, the one who is not different from God, the king of the earth, and Gog) is the true, formless reality, one will be "confused" by all things in the world. "confusion". All things in the world are perceived through "seeing and hearing and perceiving", and therefore "will confuse the nations of the earth".
(3) "Gog" means ruler or chief, a title of head. It is the title of a head of state, as in the case of Pharaoh in Egypt, Caesar in Rome, and the Tsar in Russia. These are not the names of kings, but the titles of kings. "Gog" is "the king of the earth, the Self, the Buddha, the God, the Dharma, the one who is not different from God, Nuwa". (4) Ezekiel 38: 1 The word of the LORD came to me, saying, 2 "O son of man! You shall prophesy against Gog, the king of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal, in all the land of Magog.3 Say, "Thus says the Lord GOD, O Gog, king of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal! I am against thee.4 And I will take thee by the hook of thy cheek, and turn thee, and bring thee out, and thy army, and thy horses, and thy horsemen, all clothed in full array, with shields great and small, and every man with a sword.5 The Persians, and the Gushites, and the Phocians, each with a shield, and with a helmet on his head.6 The Gomer, and his army, and the tribe of Daugamah, which is in the extreme north, and his army, all these peoples of many nations, are with thee.7 "And all the bands that are gathered to thee shall be prepared, and thou thyself shall be prepared to be their great commander.8 And after many days thou shalt be sent, and in the last year thou shalt come to the land which is recovered from the nations by the sword, to the mountains of Israel, which are desolate for ever; but they that are gathered out of the nations shall dwell thereon in peace.9 And thou, and thy army, and the people of many nations with thee shall come up like a stormy wind, and cover the earth like a dense cloud." Magog (Magog) is the home of Gog, the heart-consciousness of the heart (the god of knowledge, the retribution, the life-soul, the ambrosia).
(5) Gog (the God of origin) and Magog (the God of knowledge), without being called, are gathered in one place, the heart, and one of them is the "king of the earth" (the God of origin, Gog) and the other is the heart that carries the "king of the earth" (the God of knowledge, Magog). "War" is a contradictory state of mind; if one realises that one has made a mistake and blames oneself, it is Gog (the god of the genii) who criticises Magog (the god of knowledge). It is Gog (the god) who knows the truth, but it is always Magog (the god of knowledge) who is "confused". The triumph of Gog over Magog is the triumph of reason over ignorance, of sobriety over confusion. This is the "battle of them all". (6) Gog (God) was originally the Christ of heaven, and it was Gog (God) who guided the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life to love mystical culture and learn religion, so that the Magog (God of Knowledge) could reach the realm of Gog (God of Knowledge) and become the Christ. Only when the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life has become the Christ and has reached the kingdom of heaven after death can the Magog (God of Knowledge) follow the Magog (God of Knowledge) back to his old home. (7) If the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life does not become Christ, he cannot reach the kingdom of heaven, and the Gog (God of Knowledge) cannot return to his old home, but is taken to hell by the Magog (God of Knowledge). When the Magog (God of Knowledge) has reached the state of the Magog (God of Origin) through the practice of the Law and by joining the Master, the Magog (God of Origin) will let the Magog (God of Knowledge) see who he is, and this is the "meeting of lives, the seeing of the heart, and the knowing of the destiny of heaven". After the meeting between Gog (the original God) and Magog (the God of Knowledge), the "unification of heaven and man" is completed, that is, "marriage", and the "new Christ", Magog (the God of Knowledge), is born in the Kingdom of Heaven. When the God of God becomes the core of the God of Knowledge, the God of Knowledge has the powers of the God of God, and the Christian in this life has the infinite power to see ghosts and heal people, and becomes the "Christ of the Second Coming".
(8) The "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" communicate what they feel to the heart consciousness (the Sense God), and one knows what is going on in the outside world; therefore, the Magog (Sense God) is active and masculine, for many thoughts are impractical and short-sighted and can lead to trouble, requiring the calm, feminine "Gog". The "Gog" (the god of knowledge) goes to Magog to remove it, and Magog lusts after it out of selfishness, and thus there is "their warfare", and because such "warfare" is innumerable, "their Their numbers are as many as the sands of the sea".

27-20:9, "20:9 And they came up and filled the whole earth, and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and consumed them": (1) The Sutra of Universal Consciousness, "I am now in this body, and the four great harmonies, the hair, the hair, the claws, the teeth, the skin, the flesh, the sinews, the marrow, the brain and the dirt, all return to the earth. Spittle, pus and blood, fluid and saliva, phlegm, tears and essence, small and large conveniences, all belong to water. (36 degrees of body temperature) Warmth goes to fire, and (breathing) movement turns to wind. (2) "The whole earth" is a metaphor for the whole body and mind. Because of the innumerable experiences from childhood to adulthood, all kinds of memories of right and wrong "they come up and fill the whole earth". (3) The Magog of the saints is the consciousness of the heart, so it is the "camp of the saints"; in China it is called the "house of the house". The "love of God" is not unconditional, but conditional. The "city of God's love" is the "condition, the scope, the framework of God's love", the "pure fast"; if the saint does not "keep the five precepts If the saints do not "keep the five precepts" (abstaining from "killing, stealing, prostitution, and drunkenness"), then the "walls" of the city have been breached by the devil and they cannot be "loved by God". (4) The "fire that came down from heaven" is "the king and Gog, who dwells on earth" from heaven, and it is said to be fire because the five elements of the heart are fire, and it rules over the heart and gives wisdom. (5) "The fire that came down from heaven and burned them up" is the "Gog" (God of the Elements) removing any delusion or thought, so that the Magog (God of Knowledge) can be "free from thought and thought, the mind is still and the water is still, and the view is free ".

27-20:10, "20:10 And the devil who confounded them was cast into the lake of fire of brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are. They shall suffer day and night for ever and ever": (1) "The devil who confounded them" is all kinds of illusions, with four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", all kinds of illusions that make people They are the forms of magic that make people "turn their minds away and lose their nature", called "the law of being", which is the opposite of the "law of nothing" of becoming Christ. For example, the chanting of hymns and prayers, charity work, etc., are all forms of magic that are used to discredit the "edification of Christians into Christ" and are all incarnations of various demons. (2) Where is the "lake of fire with sulphur"? The "lake of fire of brimstone" is a metaphor for an "unwarranted" heavenly place, or as the Chinese often say The "lake of fire of sulphur" is a metaphor for an "unwarranted" situation outside the sky, or as the Chinese often say, "beyond the clouds of the ninth heaven"; it is enough that you know what it means. (3) "The lake of fire with brimstone" is a metaphor for a place of torture, punishment and torment, that is, hell. (4) "The place where the beast and the false prophet are" is the devil's cave, the devil's cave, the place where the devil plays with Christians. The "Christians" sang Hymn 211 - The Fountain of Blood, while weeping and weeping, as if tears were falling from their eyes, because they sang, "I do believe, I do believe, Jesus is my victim". "Instead of becoming the "Christ" (the Son of God) like Jesus, "Christians" have become the "sinners who killed Jesus", and that's what happened. This is what the devil did when he was tortured, punished and tormented in the "lake of fire with brimstone". The place where Christians "sing hymns and prayers", though richly decorated, is in reality a devil's cave, a hell, where the devil abuses his slaves.
(5) It is for Magog (God of Knowledge) to be "thoughtless and thoughtless, to have a still mind, and to see the Self", that is, to "make law out of law", that is, to practise the "law of nothing", that is, to have the "iron rod". The "iron rod" was given to them, and "the devil who had confused them" was "thrown into the lake of fire with brimstone", and "the place where the beast and the false prophet were The place where the beast and the false prophet were" was destroyed by the "rod of iron", and Magog (Magog knows God) became Christ. (6) Got it? Becoming the Christ is a matter of "just a thought". When the "iron rod" (the law of nothingness) is used to destroy the "law of somethingness", that is Christ. Those who do not know what the "law of nothing and the law of something" is, and who do not become Christ with the "rod of iron", are "cast into the lake of fire with brimstone by the devil who confounded them". (7) This "one thought" is called, in Chinese, "one thought of Christ, one thought of the devil". It means that if you realise what is the magic of the Gog that cannot be seen, you are the Christ; if you do not realise it, you are the devil. This is the core of what it means to be Christ, remember that! By practising this, you will become the Christ who has "eyes like fire and a rod of iron"; you will be able to see who your Gog is, and you will have the infinite power of Jesus to heal the sick and remove the demons. (8) Another crucial condition is that you must be a disciple of the Lamb in order to become the Christ. For only the Lamb is authorized by God, and no one else is qualified to teach discipleship. Someone else who is well versed in the doctrine of Christ can provide you with theoretical guidance, and there is only one Lamb who can make disciples for a period of time.
(9) Those who do not practise the Lamb's "White Sun Buddhism", or who step outside the protective circle defined by the Lamb's "iron rod" (the scope of the "White Sun Buddhism"), are "the devil who confuses them is thrown into the lake of fire with brimstone", and they spend their time "in the place where the beast and the false prophet are" and get drunk, so that "they will suffer day and night for ever and ever Such people "shall suffer day and night for ever and ever" because they have not become Christ in this life, nor are they disciples of the "living Christ" by the authority of God, but belong to "the hour of Satan".

Revelation 20: The Last Judgement (20:7-10)
27-20:11, "20:11 And I saw a great white throne with him who sat on it, from before whom heaven and earth fled and were no longer visible": (1) This "great white throne with him who sat on it" is the preceding "19:17 And I saw an angel standing in the midst of the sun", "this angel standing in the midst of the sun", who is called "the White Sun Buddha", which is He is called "Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven", and he is the "Master of the White Sun" appointed by God. (2) "From before him heaven and earth fled and were no longer visible", which means that his previous "teachings of heaven and earth" have passed away forever, because after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012 (the end of the world) After the "end of the world" (post-apocalyptic) on 21 December 2012, mankind has reached a new and unprecedented era of civilization, and many of the previous thoughts, words and deeds have been "overturned, revolutionized and upgraded". (3) Before 1986, knowledge was not popularized enough because of the "inaccessibility of the literary movement"; before 1949 many people could not read and write, there were few literate people in a village, and it was very difficult to obtain a book, so only a very few people had the conditions to "study the classics "Before 1949, many people could read and write, and it was very easy to obtain a book. Since 1986, when nine-year compulsory education became universal, English was taught in kindergartens, and computers became commonplace, several or even hundreds of people could answer a question for you, and ordinary people had the conditions and the possibility to "know one thing from another". (4) After 2012, the formalization of the "one to know all" system was completed. (4) After 2012, the Baiyang era, when Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven, is in charge, will have become more civilised than at any other time in history (the "mobile phone and computer" are the "heavenly eyes and ears" and the "car and plane" are the "heavenly ears"). The "car and aeroplane" are the "magic foot and flight"), and it is extremely regressive and biased to ask the highly civilized modern man to learn the "single specialties" (Taoism and Buddhism) of 2,500 years ago. This has led to the creation of the idea of "the unity of the three religions of Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism, and the five religions of the Hui" (Baiyang Buddhism, the final act), and as the "only cultivation" of the Baiyang world. (5) As long as it is not based on the principle of the "one and only teaching" of the Baiyang Buddhism, it is inevitable. (5) As long as the sects that do not teach "three religions in one and five religions in one" (other than the Zhongtian Sect), they are all "ships that have sailed away" and are They are all "old sects" that have "practice but no proof" (they cannot realize the "clear mind and see the nature") and do not have the destiny of Heaven. The "old school" without the "fate of Heaven and the law of fortune" not only fails to enlighten people, but also reduces them to frogs at the bottom of the well, who sit and watch the sky. Chapter 28 of The Meaning of the Chinese Language and Culture (Ziyou zi) says: "A fool is good at using himself, and a lowly man is good at specialising himself. He was born in this world, but he opposes the ancient ways. He who does so is a victim of disaster and his own body.

27-20:12, "20:12 And I saw dead men, both small and great, standing before the throne. The scroll was unfolded, and another scroll was unfolded, the book of life. The dead were judged according to what was written in these books, according to what they had done": (1) "The dead, both small and great, stood before the throne", and these were Christ of all times, of all denominations, of all kinds, who had returned to heaven before 2012. (2) "The scroll was unfolded, and another scroll was unfolded, the book of life", the roll of disciples who should go to the Lamb to worship him, the roll to attend the "marriage supper of the Lamb". (3) For until they reach heaven, "what they do" is the teaching of one of the five religions, "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", "a single specialist Christ", and not "the Almighty". They are not "the Almighty", they are not perfect, and therefore they will be "judged according to what they have done". They have been commissioned to go down to earth to "further their studies" and will meet the Lamb or the Lamb's direct disciples after 2012, becoming disciples of the Lamb and participating in the "marriage supper of the Lamb" between 2012 and 18,000 years. The "White Sun Buddhism" of the Lamb's "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother" is practiced, and one becomes an "Almighty" in order to be immortalised in the Kingdom of Heaven.
27-20:13, "20:13 Then the sea gave up the dead of them, and death and Sheol gave up the dead of them. And they were all judged according to what each one had done": (1) Hell is at the bottom of the sea, and "the sea gave up the dead thereof", those sinful souls whose sins were greater. (2) Those who have sinned less and have been released from prison in the civilian area of hell are "the dead of death and of Sheol". (3) They are judged according to the sins they have committed in their previous lives, and those who have become human are the lesser sinners. Those who have sinned more are disqualified from being human and become various kinds of animals. (4) The six paths refer to the six worlds: hell, hungry ghosts, animals, asuras, earth and heaven. According to the form of birth of beings in the six paths, they can be divided into four categories, namely, "birth in the womb, birth in the egg, birth in the wet, and birth in the incarnation", and are called the six paths and four births. Of these, the human and animal worlds each have four births. The ghostly realm has two births: the foetal and the incarnate. All the hells, the heavens and the intermediate beings are only the incarnate beings.

27-20:14, "20:14 Death and Sheol were also thrown into the lake of fire, which is the second death": (1) When the "dead of death and Sheol" come to earth, they are almost always those who are in a lower state, and are rarely active. (1) The "dead and the dead in the underworld" are almost always people of low status and rarely active, and after their few blessings are consumed, they are "thrown into the lake of fire" and go to hell. (2) When they do not become Christ in this life, they go to the "lake of fire", which is the second death.
27-20:15, "20:15 If anyone's name is not written in the book of life, he is cast into the lake of fire": (1) Those who have not become disciples of the Lamb in this life, who do not recognise the "five teachings of the family, the White Sun Buddhism of the mother and the return to the roots", continue in "(1) If he does not become a disciple of the Lamb in this life, if he does not recognise the "five religions of the family, the Baiyang Dharma," and if he continues to hold fast to one of the five religions, he will be thrown into the lake of fire. (2) If one does not become a Christ in this life, one lives in vain and goes back to the cycle of rebirth.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 5 July 2017 18:00 7 July 19:45 Edit 30 July Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









