Bible Old Testament, 10th Psalm, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Judgement of the slanderous "Davidic" preachers2-2
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

10-90: "Thus says the LORD: I will raise up evil against you from your house, and I will give your concubines to others in your sight, and he will sleep with them in the daylight. You have done this in secret, but I will repay you in the presence of all Israel, in the daylight", Q. Is this so? "And David said to Nathan, I have sinned against the LORD! And Nathan said, The LORD has put away your sin, and you shall not die. But by doing this you have given the enemies of the LORD a great opportunity to blaspheme, and therefore the child you have will surely die". Answer: This is the "priests" slandering, scandalizing and insulting the wise and mighty David.

10-91: "So Nathan went home. The LORD struck the child born to David by Uriah's wife, and made him seriously ill. So David pleaded with God for the child, and fasted, and went into his inner room and lay on the ground all night. The old men of his house came to him and tried to lift him up from the ground, but he would not rise, nor did he eat with them". Why did the LORD not strike David? Why did "the LORD strike the child born to David by Uriah's wife and make him seriously ill"? "What reason did the LORD have to mutilate an innocent child? Is this not an insult to the LORD's inability to distinguish between right and wrong? Answer: The priests were slandering, scandalising and insulting the wise and powerful David with lies, and at the same time insulting the LORD.

10-92, [Explanation from the "Spiritual Version":] "No matter how painful your sins are and how heavy they are, you can pour out your heart to God and ask him for forgiveness, just as David did. After we confess our sins and repent, God will always forgive", Q: Is this true? "Although David confessed his sin (12:13), God punished him and caused the death of the son born to him": is this not saying that "God kills the innocent"? Is this not an insult to God? Is this not saying that "God is unjust" and that the "leaders" condone sin? Answer: (1) From the "priests" in ancient times to the preachers of today under the guise of "Christianity", they are all of the same mother, a group of demons, so they will make people follow these lies of the "Old Testament". They are all a bunch of demons, so they make people follow these lies of the "Old Testament". "All can pour out their hearts to God like David and ask him for forgiveness", but such a God is not "Jehovah" at all, but a demon in the guise of "Jehovah". The demons are happy to see normal people as criminals kneeling at their feet so that the "priests" (Jewish preachers under the guise of "Christianity") can have the majesty of the high and mighty. (2) It is the "Jewish missionaries" who are insulting "David and Jehovah".

10-93, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "Why did this child die? It was not God's punishment for the child born of adultery, but the judgment of David's sin": do you see? Killing the child and saying "it was not God's punishment for the child born of adultery" is to make people not know what is "right and wrong", to make them "take falsehood for truth and wrong for right". This is the indoctrination of the devil! It is also the reason why "priests, ministers and ministers" from ancient times to the present day have the same tone. They are all the Judaism that "Jesus" brought down, and now they are all promoting Judaism under the guise of "Christianity".
(2) "David and Bathsheba also deserved to die, but God spared their lives, but left the boy to die, because God wanted David to build up the kingdom of Israel, and he had a work for David to do": do you see? It means that "priests, ministers and priests" can also sin, because God wants them to preach, so they will cover up the criminals and let the weak victims die.
(3) "The death of this child was perhaps more painful to David than his own death": do you see? This is the false mercy of the devil.

10-94, "And on the seventh day the child died. David's servants did not dare to tell him that the child was dead. For they said, "While the child was alive, he would not listen to us, but if we told him that the child was dead, would it not be more grievous?" And asked, Is that so? "When David saw his servants whispering to one another, he knew that the child was dead, and asked his servants, saying, Is the child dead?" And they said, Dead. Then David got up from the ground, bathed, anointed himself, changed his clothes, went into the house of the Lord and worshipped, then returned to the palace, and ordered a meal to be served, and he ate", and asked, "Is this so? Answer: This is the "Jewish preachers" who are insulting "David".

10-95: "And David said, "I fasted and wept while the child was still alive, for I thought, "Perhaps the LORD will have mercy on me, and keep the child from dying; but why should I fast when the child is dead? Shall I cause him to return? I will go to him, but he shall not return to me", Q. Is this so? "And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and slept with her. And she gave birth to a son, and called his name Solomon. And the LORD loved him, and gave him a name, Jedidiah, through Nathan the prophet, because the LORD loved him". Answer: This is the "Jewish preachers" who are making up rumours and insulting "David".

10-96, [Explanation in the "Spiritual Version":] "He gave Solomon, the son of David after Bathsheba, a name, Jedidiah, which means "the LORD loved him", that he might remember the grace of God. " and asked, "Is that so? "When we turn to God and receive his grace to forgive our sins, he gives us a new beginning. But first we must confess our sins to God and turn to him as David did before we can feel the forgiveness of our sins and then live anew and strive forward". Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) No. There was no such person as "Bathsheba" with David. It was the "priests" who kidnapped David to promote himself, "that he might remember the grace of God". (2) "And he gave us a new beginning" is a demonic heresy. It is when we change our ways and turn from evil to good that we make "our new beginning"; it is when we think things through and change our minds that we give ourselves, not from outside. (3) "First we must confess our sins to God and turn to him as David did before we can feel the forgiveness of our sins", this is the "priests" kidnapping David to make him a "celebrity", making him their This was a "celebrity effect" that the "priests" had kidnapped David to become the face of their demonic heresy.

10-97: "And Joab sent messengers to David, saying, "I have attacked Rabbah and taken its cities of water. Now you shall gather the rest of your army and encamp against this city. I fear that when I have taken this city, men will call it by my name", Q. Is this so? "So David gathered all his armies and went to Rabbah to take the city, and he took it. And he took the crown of gold which the king of the Ammonites wore (note: "king" or "Malcham" is the name of the gods of the Ammonite tribe), and the gold of it weighed one tareth, and was inlaid with precious stones. The men put this crown on David's head. And David took many possessions from the city", Q. Is this true? "And he took the men of the cities and put them under a saw, or under a harrow, or under an iron axe, or made them pass through a brick kiln. David did this to all the inhabitants of the cities of Ammon", Q. Is this true? Answer: Yes. Is. Is.

10-98: "And Absalom the son of David had a beautiful sister named Tamar, whom Hannah the son of David loved. And he was sick with anxiety for her. Shema was a virgin, and he thought it hard to do anything to her", Q. Is this true? "And he asked Darkon, saying, O son of the king, why does she grow thinner and thinner every day? Tell me, please. And Darkon answered and said to him, I love hermah, the sister of my brother Absalom", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is it so?

10-99: "And Jonadab said, "Why don't you lie down on your bed and pretend to be sick, and when your father comes to see you, say to him, "Father, call my sister, Tamar, and prepare food before my eyes, and give it to me to eat, so that I may see it and take it from her hand and eat it"? "Then Hinnom lay down and pretended to be sick. When the king came to see him, he said to the king, "Father, please call my sister, Tamar, and make me two loaves of bread before my eyes, so that I may take them from her hand and eat them. Then David sent to the palace, and said to Tamar, "Go to the house of your brother Conium, and prepare food for him," and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.

10-100, "Pour out the bread from the pot before him. But he refused to eat, and said, All leave me and go out! And all the people left him and went out" and asked, Is this so? "And Hannah said to herma, Take the food into the bedroom, that I may take it from your hand and eat it. So shema took the bread which she had made into her bedroom, and went to her brother Hinnom, and took it and went up to him and gave it to him to eat. Then he took hold of Tamar and said, "My sister, come and sleep with me," and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-101: "And shema said, "My brother, do not dishonour me. It is not proper among the Israelites to do so; do not do this scandalous deed. How can I cover my shame when you have dishonoured me? Thou hast also become a fool among Israel. You may ask the king, and he will not forbid me to return to you", Q. Is that so? "But Hinnom refused to listen to her, and because she was stronger than she was, she defiled her and slept with her. Afterwards, she hated her with a passion. And that hatred of her was greater than the love that had been in her before. And he said to her, "Get up, and go away!" And he asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. And because the "dark-nun" realized that she had sinned greatly, "her heart hated her more than her heart had loved her before".

10-102: "Shema said, "Don't do this! This sin which you have cast out of me is worse than what you have done. But Hannah refused to listen to her. She called her servant to her, and said, "Cast this woman out! As soon as she is gone, shut and bolt the door", and asked, "Is that so? "At that time she was dressed in coloured garments, as all unmarried princesses are dressed. Then the servants of Darkon drove her out, and shut and barred the door. Shema threw dust on her head, tore the coloured garment she was wearing, and held her head in her hands as she walked and cried out". Answer: "Shema" was being set up, and this was a ploy by "Jonadab" to help "Absalom" to get rid of him.

10-103: "And his brother Absalom asked her, saying, "Is it possible that your brother Hinnom has become intimate with you? Be silent, my sister; he is your brother; do not take this to heart. And shema lived alone in the house of her brother Absalom", and asked, "Is this so? "When King David heard this, he was very angry", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes, "Absalom" had succeeded. (2) "Absalom" deliberately let David know about it.

10-104: "And Absalom did not speak kindly or unkindly to his brother Hannah, for she had dishonoured her sister, and so Absalom hated him". "And Absalom begged the king again and again, and the king granted permission to Conium and all the king's sons to go with him", Q: Is this true? Answer: "And Absalom hated him because he was prevented from being king by Hinnom". Yes.

10-105: "And Absalom commanded his servants, saying, "Take heed to yourselves, when I say to you, 'Kill Darkon,' when you see him drinking and enjoying himself, and do not be afraid to kill him. Is this not what I command you? Be brave and courageous. So the servants of Absalom did as Absalom had commanded them, and they went to Hinnom. And all the king's sons arose, and each one mounted a mule and fled", Q. Is this so? "And a whisper came to David that Absalom had killed all the king's sons, and had left none behind. Then the king arose, and tore his clothes, and lay down on the ground. And all the king's servants also tore their clothes and stood by", Q: Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-106: "And Jonadab son of Shemya, David's eldest brother, said, "My lord, do not think that all the young men of the king's sons have been killed, but that only Hinnom alone has died. But he was determined to kill him the day he defiled hermah, the sister of Absalom. Now my lord and my king, do not take this to heart, thinking that all the king's sons are dead, and that only Darkon is dead"; Q. Is this true? "And Jonadab said to the king, Behold! All the king's sons have come, and it is true that they are in accordance with what your servant said", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-107: "And Absalom fled to Dabai the son of Amichu king of Kishon. David mourned for his son every day". Q: Is that so? "And Absalom fled to Kishri, and dwelt there three years. After the death of Meinron, King David was comforted and missed Absalom with all his heart". Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-108: "And Joab the son of Zeruiah, knowing that the king missed Absalom in his heart, sent to Tekoa, and called a wise woman from there, and said to her, "Please pretend to be a mourner, and put on mourning clothes, and do not anoint yourself, but pretend to be a woman who has been mourning the dead for a long time, and go in to the king, and say this and that to the king. Then Joab taught the woman what she should say," and asked, "Is this so? "And the king said to the woman, Go home! I will decree for you. And the woman of Tekoa said to the king, "My lord and my king, may this sin be mine and my father's house, and have nothing to do with the king or his throne", Q. Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is it so.

10-109: "And the king said, Whosoever is hard for thee, bring him to me, and he shall disturb thee no more. And the woman said, "May the king remember the LORD your God, and not allow those who avenge blood to commit extermination, lest they exterminate my son. And the king said, "I swear by the living LORD that not even a hair of your son shall fall to the ground", and asked, "Is this so? "And the king said, Are these words of thine not the idea of Joab?" And the woman said, I dare swear before my lord and my king, that the king's words are right, and not partial, and that Joab the king's servant commanded me, and that he taught me these words. So Joab the king's servant did, that he might redeem the matter. But the wisdom of my Lord is as the wisdom of the messengers of God, who know all things in the world", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.

10-110, "And the king said to Joab, "I promise you this. You may go and bring back the young man Absalom. Then Joab fell on his face and bowed down, and gave thanks to the king, and said, "The king has granted my servant what he has asked, and today I know that I have found favour in the sight of my lord and my king. Then Joab arose and went to Kishon, and brought Absalom back to Jerusalem", and asked, "Is this so? "And the king said, Let him go to his own house, and not see my face." And Absalom went to his own house, and did not see the king. There was no one in all the land of Israel as handsome as Absalom, who was praised by men and was without blemish from the soles of his feet to the top of his head. And his hair was so heavy that at the end of the year it was cut; and what was cut off was weighed in the king's weight, and weighed two hundred shekels". Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-111: "And Absalom had three sons and one daughter. The daughter's name was Tamar, and she was a beautiful woman. And Absalom lived in Jerusalem two years without seeing the king", Q. Is this true? "And Absalom sent for Joab, that he might go to the king, but Joab would not come. And the second time he sent for him, he still refused to come", Q. Is this so? "Therefore Absalom said to his servants, Behold, Joab has a field close to mine, and there is barley in it; go and set fire to it. And the servants of Absalom went and set fire to that field", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is. Is.

10-112, "Then Joab arose, and came to the house of Absalom, and asked him, saying, Why did your servant set fire to my field?" and asked, "Is that so? "And Absalom answered Joab, saying, I sent for you, so that I might ask you to go to the king and say for me, 'Why have I come back from Kishon? It would be better to remain there.' Now let me see the king's face, and if I am guilty, let the king kill me". "So Joab went to the king and told him this, and the king called Absalom. When he came to the king, he fell on his face before him, and the king kissed him on the mouth", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.



