Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 21 "David" hiding from "Saul"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
21:1 David came to Ahimelech, the priest of Nob. Ahimelech came out to meet him in trembling and asked him, "Why have you come alone, without anyone to follow?"
21:2 David answered Ahimelech the priest, "The king commanded me one thing, saying, 'Do not let anyone know about this thing which I have sent you to commission you.' Therefore I have sent young men to wait for me in a certain place.
21:3 What do you have under you now? Give me five loaves of bread, please, or some other kind of food."
21:4 The priest said to David, "I have no ordinary bread under me, but only holy bread, which can be given only if the young man is not close to the woman."
21:5 David said to the priest, "Indeed, for about three days we did not approach a woman. When I came out, though I was walking in the ordinary way, the vessels of the young men were clean; how much more are they not clean today?"
21:6 So the priest brought him the holy bread, for there was no other bread there, but a new replacement, a furnished bread removed from the presence of the LORD.
21:7 On that day one of Saul's ministers stayed before the LORD. His name was Doyle, a native of Edom, who was Saul's chief shepherd.
21:8 David asked Ahimelech, "Do you have a gun or a sword under you? For the king's business is very urgent, and I have not even brought swords and instruments."
21:9 The priest said, "Here is the sword that you killed Goliath the Philistine with in the valley of Elah, wrapped in a cloth and placed behind Ephrath. There is nothing else but this." David said, "There is no comparison for this sword! Give it to me, please."
21:10 On that day David arose and fled from Saul to Aggie king of Gath.
21:11 The servants of Aggi said to Aggi, "Isn't this David, king of Israel? Did not the women there dance and sing and say of him, 'Saul has killed a thousand, and David has killed ten thousand'?"
21:12 David took these words to heart and feared Aggi, king of Gath, very much.
21:13 and changed his ordinary behavior before the people, and pretended to be mad under them, and wrote on the doors of the gates of the city, and made spittle run on his beard.
21:14 Aggi said to his servants, "Look, this man is insane. Why have you brought him to me?
21:15 Do I lack madness, that you should bring this man to be mad before me? Shall this man come into my house?"

Expository section.
9-137, 21:4 The priest said to David, "I have no ordinary bread under me, but only holy bread, which a young man may give if he is not close to a woman"; Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-138, 21:9 And the priest said, "Here is the sword that you killed Goliath the Philistine with in the Valley of Elah, wrapped in a cloth and placed behind Ephrath; take it if you want it. There is nothing more than this", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

9-139, "21:13 (David) changed his usual behavior before the people, and pretended to be mad under them, and wrote on the doors of the gates of the city, and made spittle run on his beard": so it was. David" is a man of great wisdom.
9-140, 21:14 Aggi said to his servants, "Look, this man is mad. Why have you brought him to me? Do I lack madmen, that you should bring this man to be mad before me? Shall this man come into my house", and asked, "Is this so? Answer: Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





