Bible Old Testament, 10th Psalm, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Judgement of the slanderous "Davidic" preachers2-1
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

10-61. "After this David attacked the Philistines, and put them under control, and took authority over the capital from under them" Q. Is that so? "And he attacked the Moabites, and made them lie down on the ground, and measured them with cords, and he who measured two cords killed them, and he who measured one cord kept them. Then the Moabites submitted to David and paid him tribute". Why did he "measure one cord and keep it"? Answer: Yes. To kill those who resisted, so that those who remained could no longer resist.
10-62: "Hadadezer the son of Rehoboam king of Zobah went to the great river to take back his kingdom. So David attacked him and captured seventeen hundred of his horsemen and twenty thousand of his foot soldiers; he cut off the hoofs of the horses that were pulling the chariots, but left a hundred chariots of horses", Q. Is this true? "And the Arameans of Damascus came to help Hadadezer king of Zobah, and David killed 22,000 of the Arameans", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-63, [Explanation of "Devotional Version":] "In the covenant that God made with David there was this promise, that all the enemies would be defeated and would no longer oppress Israel". "God will help David to defeat the hostile nations in order to fulfill his promise", Q: Is that so? Answer: This is shallow and boring "ass-kissing"! Is this not true of all kings? Who can be a king if God does not help?
10-64: "David set up a fortified camp in the land of Aram in Damascus, and the Arameans submitted to him and paid him tribute". "Wherever David went, the LORD gave him victory", Q. Is this true? "And he took the golden shield which Hadadezer's servants had taken, and brought it to Jerusalem", Q. Is this so? "And King David took a great deal of brass from the cities of Bethel and Pylotha, which belonged to Hadadisheth", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. The tone of "the LORD has given him victory" is disgusting, for it is the devil who has kidnapped the "LORD" who says. Yes. Yes.

10-65: "When King Terai of Ham heard that David had defeated the whole army of Hadadezer, he sent his son Joram to King David to ask his peace and to bless him because he had defeated Hadadezer. (It turned out that Dauai and Hadadeisheth had often fought against each other. And Joram brought vessels of gold and silver and bronze, and King David sanctified them, and the gold and silver that he had received from the nations, and offered them to the LORD", and asked, "Is this so? "all that came from Aram, Moab, Ammon, Philistia, the Amalekites, and all that was plundered from Hadadezer the son of Rehoboam king of Zobah", were they offered to the LORD? Are these not all "idols"? Does this not mean that Jehovah worships "idols"? Answer: (1) How could anything that was won in battle be given to the LORD? "Did Jehovah desire these things? (2) "The vessels of gold, silver and bronze, and the gold and silver that he gained from his rule over the nations, he sanctified and offered to the LORD", does this not mean that the LORD was an insatiable, murderous, wealthy bandit? "He sanctified all the gold and silver he received from the nations and offered it to the LORD" is the devil's way of scandalizing and insulting the LORD with the pen of the "priests" (priest).
10-66: "And David returned from slaying 18,000 men of Aram (or "Edom", see Psalm 60) in the Valley of Salt, and he made a great name for himself. And he set up a fortified camp over all the land of Edom, and all the people of Edom submitted to David". "And David was king over all Israel, and did justice to all the people. Joab the son of Zeruiah was marshal; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahirub was historian; Zadok the son of Ahithophel and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar were chief priests; Seraiah was secretary; and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada had dominion over the Kerethites and the Pelethites. And all the sons of David were leaders", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-67, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "David was loved by all the people (3:36), not because he was pleasing to men, but because he wanted to please God. "exercising and interpreting the law fairly, administering punishment with mercy in mind, respecting the rights of the people, and recognizing man's duty to God", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) This is all modern day demons (Jewish preachers) confusing right and wrong. It is common sense that if you do not "please men" you will not be "pleasing to the people", but the devil is making it impossible to distinguish between right and wrong. A faint-hearted ruler who "pleases God" will only chill the hearts of the people and will not "please them" at all. Only when he is "pleasing to the people" can he be "pleasing to God". (2) "Knowing one's duty to God", one becomes the servant of the devil (the Jewish missionaries).
10-68, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "What is commendable about David's pursuit of righteousness? (1) It was a command of God (Deut 16:18-20) and a characteristic of God (Deut 32:4)". "The law of God is for the establishment of a righteous society", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) David's laudable pursuit of righteousness was due to his sobriety and his failure to listen to the nonsense of the "priests", which was neither a "divine command" nor a "divine characteristic". It is because the "God of Judaism" is the one who makes people respect the "priests" and is the opposite of "righteousness" which is selfish and self-serving.
10-69: "David asked, "Is there anyone left of the house of Saul? I will be gracious to him for Jonathan's sake". "And Mephibosheth the son of Jonathan, the grandson of Saul, came to David, and fell down and bowed down. And David said, Fear not, for I will be gracious to thee for Jonathan thy father's sake, and will restore to thee all the fields of thy grandfather Saul, and thou shalt eat with me always"; Q. Is this so? Answer: Yes, build up your own heart. Is.

10-70, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "In the same way, God forgives our sins generously, and we may be ashamed of our unworthiness, but if we are willing to receive them, we can receive all kinds of rewards. Whoever is willing to trust in Jesus Christ and receive God's rewards will be welcomed with greater enthusiasm than Mephibosheth received. It is not because we are worthy, everything is promised by God (cf. Eph. 2:8-9)", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) It is all modern day demons (Jewish preachers) who are compelling people. (2) God will not forgive us our sins leniently because it is clearly stated in the Articles of Heaven. You cannot forgive sins unless you have repented of your sins or have "made up for them by good works". (3) "We may also be ashamed of our unworthiness" because we do not have the repentance to change our ways. If we had repented of our sins, or if we had done "good works to make up for them", we would not have been "ashamed of our unworthiness". (4) "We are ashamed of our unworthiness, but we can receive every reward if we are willing to receive it" is a shameless, insatiable, demonic mindset. (5) "Whoever will trust in Jesus Christ and receive God's rewards" is a minion of Judaism and an incarnation of the devil. (6) "The LORD" never "promises", God is righteous and unselfish. The "promises of God" are the lies of the demons of Judaism.
10-71, "And Mephibosheth bowed down and said, "What is a servant? What is a servant? He is like a dead dog, and he is so favoured by the king!" (Q.) Is this true? "The king summoned Saul's servant Sheba and said to him, "I have given to your master's son all that belongs to Saul and all his possessions. You and all your sons and servants shall plough the fields for your master's son Mephibosheth, and bring him what he produces for his food; but he shall always eat with me", asked, Is this so? Answer: Yes. One man cannot rule a large kingdom, but needs to establish many groups loyal to him.

10-72: "And the king said, "Mephibosheth will eat with me as the king's son". "Mephibosheth had a young son named Micah. And all who lived in the house of Sheba became servants to Mephibosheth", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-73: "When the king of the Ammonites died, his son Hanun succeeded him as king. And David said, I will do unto Hanun as Hanun's father, Nahor, did unto me. So David sent his servants to comfort him for the loss of his father. David's servants came into the territory of the Ammonites", and asked, "Is that so? "But the chief of the Ammonites said to their lord Hanun, David sent to comfort you, and do you think he honoured your father? Did he not send his servants to spy in detail, to overthrow the city?" And he asked, "Is this so? "Then Hanun shaved off half of the beards of David's servants, and cut off the lower part of their garments, so that they showed their lower parts, and sent them back", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea. Is.
10-74: "And David was told, and he sent to meet them; and (because they were ashamed,) he told them that they might stay in Jericho until their beards grew back", Q. Is that so? "And when the Ammonites knew that David hated them, they sent and recruited Arameans of Bethsaida and Arameans of Zobah, twenty thousand foot soldiers, and a thousand with the men of the king of Macha, and twelve thousand of the men of Tobor", Q. Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-75: "And the Ammonites came out and formed themselves before the gates of the city; and the Arameans of Zobah and Rehoboth, and the men of Tubal and the men of Maacah, formed themselves in the country besides", Q: Is this so? "And when Joab saw that his enemies were arrayed before and behind him, he chose the best of the army of Israel, and made them array themselves against the Arameans. The rest of the soldiers were given to his brother Abishai, and they took up positions against the Ammonites", Q. Is this true? "And Joab said to Abishai, If the Arameans are stronger than me, come and help me; and if the Ammonites are stronger than you, I will go and help you. Let us all be strong, and great men for our own people and for the cities of God. May the LORD do according to his will", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.
10-76, "And Joab and those who followed him advanced against the Arameans, and the Arameans fled before Joab. When the Ammonites saw the Arameans fleeing, they also fled into the city before Abishai. So Joab left the Ammonites and went back to Jerusalem", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.

10-77, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "He knew that the outcome of the battle lay with God. We should make good use of our talents and resources, obey God well, and rely on him for good fruit". Answer: (1) The outcome of the battle lies in "the time and the place", not in God. (2) "Obeying God well and relying on Him" does not lead to "good fruit" at all, but only to misuse the opportunity to fight and suffer bad consequences. The appearance of kings was the result of the discontent of the people caused by the priests' "good obedience to God and reliance on Him".
10-78, "When the Arameans saw that they had been defeated by the Israelites, they gathered again. Hadadishai sent men to bring in the Arameans from the other side of the great river. And they came to Hiram, and Shufa, the general of Hadadisheth, led them", Q. Is this right? "And it was told David, and he gathered all Israel, and crossed the Jordan, and came to Hiram. The Arameans met David in battle and fought against him", Q. Is this true? "The Arameans fled before the Israelites. David killed seven hundred charioteers of Aram and forty thousand horsemen, and he killed Shufa, the general of Aram. When the kings who belonged to Hadadezer saw that they had been defeated by the Israelites, they made peace with the Israelites and returned to them. So the Arameans did not dare to help the Ammonites any more", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is. Is.
10-79, "After a year, when the kings went to war, David sent Joab again with his servants and all Israel to war. And they defeated the Ammonites and laid siege to Rabbah. David still lived in Jerusalem", Q. Is that so? "And it came to pass on a day when the sun was flat in the west, that David rose from his bed, and promenaded on the flat roof of the king's palace, and saw a woman bathing, and of a very beautiful appearance", Q. Is this so? "Then David sent to inquire who the woman was. They said, "She is Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite". Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Could the woman be seen bathing in the courtyard on the flat roof of the palace when the sun was flat in the west? Could you see "a beautiful face"? Did all the Israelites have "walls" in their houses in those days? Even if there were "walls", would nudes be bathed in broad daylight? (3) This was a lie used by the "priests" to slander and defame David. There was no such thing as "Uriah and Bathsheba".

(1) Pray earnestly that God will help you to turn away from the people, places and opportunities that may tempt you. (2) Meditate on the verses that address your particular weaknesses. Most temptations are rooted in human needs and desires that God can meet, but we must trust in His timing. (3) Find another Christian who is a confidant and confide in him your inner struggles and sufferings, and ask him for help when you are tempted", and ask: Is that so? Answer: Whoever does what this devil says will become a slave of the devil.
10-81: "David sent for the woman and brought her in. It was then that she was cleansed of her menses. She came, and David had intercourse with her, and she went home", Q. Is that so? "Then she conceived, and sent and told David, saying, I am pregnant", Q: Is that so? Answer: There is no such thing.
10-82, "And David sent to Joab, saying, "Send me Uriah the Hittite." So Joab sent Uriah to David. When Uriah came, David asked Joab how he was, and how the soldiers were, and how the battle was going. David said to Uriah, "Go home and wash your feet!" Uriah went out of the king's palace, and then the king gave him a portion of food. But Uriah slept outside the palace gate with his master's servant and did not go home", asked, "Is this so? Answer: No such thing.
10-83: "And Uriah said to David, "The ark of the covenant and the soldiers of Israel and Judah are living in the sheds, and my lord Joab and my lord's (or "king's") servants are camped in the field. Shall I go home to eat and drink, and sleep with my wife? I dare swear before the king (note: "I swear by the king and by his life") that I will not do this". "And David summoned Uriah, and made him eat and drink before himself, and made him drunk. And when evening had come, Uriah went out to stay with his lord's servant, and had not yet returned to his house", Q. Is this true? Answer: There was no such thing.
10-84: "The next morning David wrote to Joab and gave it to Uriah to take with him. It was written in the letter, "Send Uriah forward to a very dangerous position, and then you will fall back and have him killed. "When Joab besieged the city, he knew that the enemy had warriors there, so he sent Uriah there. The men of the city came out and fought against Joab. Several of David's servants were killed, and Uriah the Hittite died", Q: Is this true? Answer: There was no such thing.

10-85: "Then Joab sent and told David all about the battle, and commanded the messenger, saying, If the king is angry and asks you, after you have finished telling the king all about the battle, why are you fighting near the walls of the city? Do you not know that the enemy will shoot arrows from the city? Who was it that killed Abimelech, the son of Jerubisheth (note: "Jerubbaal", see Psalm 9:1)? Was it not a woman who threw a millstone from the city and struck him, and he died in Tiberias? Why do you come near the wall of the city? And you said, "Uriah the Hittite, the king's servant, is also dead", and asked, "Is this so? "And the messenger said to David, The enemy was stronger than we, and went out into the country to fight against us; and we pursued them until the gates of the city. And the archers shot the king's servants from the city, and killed some of them, and Uriah the Hittite also died." Q: Is this true? Answer: There is no such thing.
10-86, "And the king said to the messenger, Tell Joab, 'Do not be grieved at this, for there is no certainty that the sword will devour this man or that man; but do your best to attack the city and to overthrow it.' With these words may Joab be exhorted", Q. Is that so? "When Uriah's wife heard that her husband Uriah had died, she wept for him. And when the days of mourning were over, David sent for her and brought her to the palace, and she became David's wife, and gave David a son. But the LORD was not pleased with the things that David did". Answer: There is no such thing.

10-87, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "David had mourned deeply over the deaths of Saul and Daniel (1:3; 3:31-39), but now he was not distressed at the loss of the faithful Uriah, a spiritual warrior. What is the reason for this? The reason is that he has become numb to his sin and no longer feels guilty about it, so he has set out to cover up his sin of adultery - to sin again". "Confess your sins to God before you lose the ability to discern them", Q. Is this true? "Confess your sins to God before you lose the ability to discern them" is the whole doctrine of "Christianity", that is, you are a normal person before you become a believer. This is the whole doctrine of "Christianity", that one is a normal person before one believes, but after one believes in "Christianity" one becomes a "poor sinner", is this the "teaching of Jehovah and Jesus"? Answer: (1) The slander was fabricated by later generations, and was the work of rivals. David did not even know the man "Uriah", it was the "priests" who slandered David with lies. The wise king was so popular that the "priests" became unimportant and were left out of the picture, so that every "priest" had a "grudge" against the king. Before there was a king, they were all "priests", but the king made the "pope" step down and lose his authority. The "priests and kings" are therefore ingrates. (2) To be a normal person "before you lose the ability to discern sin", and not necessarily to have sinned, is to "confess your sins to God first", which is the devil's way of instilling "ecstasy" into the minion. "This is what the "evil gods and priests" want: to be a sinner at all times before them. The righteous God, Yahweh, would never allow a normal person to become a psychopath who "has to confess his sins to God first", and therefore Judaism is truly a "demonic religion". (3) To be a normal person before you become a believer and to become a "wretched sinner" after you become a "Christian" is not the "indoctrination of Jehovah and Jesus". This is "Judaism" under the guise of "Christianity".

10-88, "And the LORD sent Nathan to David" and asked, Is this so? "When Nathan came to David, he said to him, "There were two men in a city: the one was a rich man, and the other a poor man. The rich man had many herds of cattle and flocks; the poor man had nothing but a lamb that he had bought to feed. The lamb grew up in his house with his children, and ate what he ate, and drank what he drank, and slept in his arms, and seemed to him like a daughter. When a guest came to the rich man's house, the rich man did not want to take one of his cattle and flocks to feed his guest, but he took the poor man's lamb and prepared it for his guest". Answer: (1) It was not the real "Jehovah", but a demon changed "Jehovah" who sent Nathan to David to compel the king. (2) No. The "priests" were demons who spoke nonsense. The "rich" were in fact self-serving, self-serving "priests" (Jewish preachers).
10-89: "Then David was very angry with the man, and said to Nathan, "I swear by the living LORD that he who does this deserves to die! He shall pay the lamb four times over, for he has done this without compassion". Nathan said to David, "You are the man! Thus says the LORD God of Israel: 'I have anointed you king over Israel and delivered you from the hand of Saul; I have given you your master's house, I have delivered your master's wife into your arms, and I have given you Israel and the house of Judah; if you had thought that it was not enough, I would have given you twice as much. Why do you despise the LORD's command and do what is evil in his sight? You killed Uriah the Hittite by the sword of the Ammonites, and took his wife as your wife. Therefore the sword shall never leave your house, because you have despised me and have taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite as your wife", Q. Is that so? Answer: (1) No. It is a lie of the "priests". (2) This is the "priests" slandering, scandalizing and insulting the wise and mighty David. It is normal that "the sword will never leave anyone's house" and Israel is still at war today because "Judaism" has been a scourge for ages.



