Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 46 Reasons why the Egyptians hated Israel
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The reason why the Egyptians hated Israel

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto any of the host of the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) The "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.

Genesis 46: Israel's sacrifice to Satan (46:1-7)
1. "46:1 And Israel took all that he had, and rose up and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac." (1) The god to whom the "sacrifice" was made could only be the evil god Satan, never the right god Jehovah. The person who "sacrifices" animals to God is a butcher like "Abel" who should be killed by a righteous man like "Cain". (2) Jehovah is the invisible, omnipresent, life-giving source, Jehovah is a gaseous, infinite vacuum, not an earthly animal that needs to be fed or eaten. (3) To regard Yahweh as an earthly animal that needs to eat and be fed is an act of Satan to slander and insult Yahweh. So "Abel", who offered "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the lamb" as an offering to the LORD, was killed by his brother "Cain"! (4) "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him": this is the LORD's reward and blessing for those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill the LORD with the "flesh of the animal sacrifice" are under the LORD's focused protection. This is the "outlook on life and values" that Yahweh has left us in Genesis, and this is the "commandment not to eat meat"!

2. "46:2 In the night, God spoke to Israel in a vision, saying, "Jacob! Jacob!" He said, "Here I am." : (1) "In the night God spoke to Israel in a vision", a sign that Jacob's God is Satan. (2) Jehovah is the invisible, omnipresent, life-giving Source; Jehovah is the gaseous, infinite vacuum, the same as a radio signal. After becoming Christ, one can be in direct contact with Yahweh anytime and anywhere, just like making a mobile phone call, and one has the same divine power as Jesus. (2) Satan is the same as Jehovah, only of a diametrically opposite nature. (3) When Jehovah taps the top of a man's head, the man has the power to communicate with God and see demons. When Satan taps on the top of a man's head, he can also show them; usually in the form of a god, and in time he shows the "sacrificial" people the true nature of their demons, which are animals and beasts of the land and water, as well as ghosts. (4) This is the situation "in the vision".

46:3 God said, "I am God, the God of your father. Do not be afraid when you go down to Egypt, for I will make you a great people there.
4. "46:4 I will go down with you into Egypt, and I will surely bring you up, and Joseph will give you his last breath." (1) Satan is like a "virus", once infected, there is no way to get rid of it, unless one meets Christ like Jesus to truly get rid of it. (2) "Isaac's God" in the guise of Jehovah, you should not go to Egypt, it is the land of the "Sun God", you will be subdued by the "great rogue" (Satan) in Egypt. You are going to "be a servant". (3) "And will surely bring you up"? Dog-like beast! Do you think you are in heaven? You live in a cave. You are a beast of Satan's time who lives in a cave. (4) Jacob, you stupid pig, do you know that? It is the devil who says, in the name of the LORD, "Surely he will bring you to the cave", not "Surely he will bring you to the kingdom of heaven"! Don't get yourself wrong, misunderstand.
(5) You have not become a Christ like Jesus in this life, and you "will surely bring you to the inside of a cave". Only if you become a Christ like Jesus in this life will you be able to "surely bring you to the kingdom of heaven"! (6) The fact that you do not have the power to see what your dead "grandfathers" are doing at all times means that you are possessed by Satan and you "will surely bring you to the cave". If you do not have the power to heal people and see what your dead "grandfathers" are doing at any time, you are possessed by Satan, and you are the kind of person who "will surely bring you to the cave". (7) If you cannot know what the "prophets of the Lord" in the Old Testament are doing in hell, you are one of those who "will surely bring you to the cave".

46:5 Then Jacob started from Beersheba. The sons of Israel made Jacob their father, their wives and their children, sit on the chariot that Pharaoh had sent for Jacob.
46:6 And they came to Egypt with their livestock and their goods, which they had gained in the land of Canaan. Jacob came together with all his sons and daughters.
46:7 And Jacob brought his sons, and his grandsons, and his daughters, and his granddaughters, and his sons and his grandsons, together with him to Egypt.

The True Exposition of Genesis 46 The name of Jacob's family coming down to Egypt (46:8-27)
46:8 The names of the Israelites who came to Egypt are recorded below: Jacob and his children: Jacob's firstborn son was Reuben.
46:9 And the sons of Reuben were Hanoch, and Pharoah, and Hezron, and Carmel.
46:10 And the sons of Simeon were Jemuel, and Jameel, and Ahab, and Jachin, and Zoar, and Saul, who was born of a Canaanite woman.
46:11 And the sons of Levi were Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari.
46:12 And the sons of Judah were Joel, Onan, Shelah, Phares, and Shelah; but Joel and Onan died in the land of Canaan. The sons of Phares were Hezron and Hamul.
46:13 The sons of Issachar were Terah, Puvah, Job, and Silom.
46:14 And the sons of Zebulun were Zerah, Elohim, and Jared.
46:15 These were the sons of Leah to Jacob at Padan-aram, and Dinah the daughter. The sons and grandsons were thirty-three in number.
46:16 And the sons of Gad were Zephirun, and Hachi, and Shuni, and Esbon, and Eli, and Arodi, and Arieli.
46:17 And the sons of Asher were Yinnah, Yishvah, Yishweh, and Belial, and their sister Silas. And the sons of Belial were Heber and Rachel.
46:18 And these were the sons and daughters of Jacob, whom Laban gave to his daughter Leah's handmaid, Sephar, sixteen in number.
46:19 And the sons of Rachel, Jacob's wife, were Joseph and Benjamin.
46:20 And Joseph bore Manasseh and Ephraim in the land of Egypt, whom Asenath, the daughter of Potiphira, the priest of An, bore to Joseph.
46:21 And the sons of Benjamin were Beulah, and Bezekiel, and Ashbel, and Keilah, and Nahum, and Ehi, and Rosh, and Mubin, and Tobin, and Ahl.
46:22 These were the sons and grandsons of Rachel to Jacob, fourteen in number.
46:23 And the son of Dan was Toshin.
46:24 And the sons of Naphtali were Jasher, and Gurney, and Jesse, and Shilon.
46:25 These were the sons and daughters of Jacob, whom Laban gave to Pella, his daughter Rachel's handmaid, seven in number.
46:26 And all those who were with Jacob in Egypt, all those who were born of him, besides his children, were sixty-six in number.
27. "46:27 And the two sons of Joseph who were born to him in Egypt. And the family of Jacob came to Egypt, seventy men in all." (1) It is the greatest shame for a "prophet of the LORD" not to know the time of the famine and to go to Egypt to escape it, showing that Jacob was a slave abandoned by the LORD and possessed by the devil. (2) The "prophets of the LORD" stigmatized all faiths outside of theirs as "idolatry" and their gods as "unholy". Egypt is where the sun gods are believed in, so why did you go to "unholy" Egypt to escape the famine? (3) The Egyptian pharaohs who believed in the sun god were prompted by God in a dream, indicating that the pharaohs had become "prophets". The fact that a "prophet of the Lord" such as Jacob did not receive divine prompting indicates that there was something wrong with Jacob's belief in Yahweh. (4) The purpose of sending Jacob to Egypt to believe in the Sun God was to show him what a true "prophet of the LORD" was and how a true "prophet of the LORD" could save people, and to show him that he, a "prophet of the LORD "is in fact a minion possessed by Satan. (5) Oh, I am afraid that Jacob, the lackey, will never understand this until his death, for he has been dominated by the devil in his thinking and has become a beast like a stupid pig.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 46 The Egyptians loathe the Israelites (46:28-34)
46:28 Jacob sent Judah first to Joseph, and asked that someone be sent to lead the way to Goshen; so they came to the land of Goshen.
46:29 Joseph set out in his chariot for Goshen to meet his father Israel. And when they had seen him, he fell on his father's neck and wept for a long time.
46:30 Israel said to Joseph, "If I had seen your face and knew that you were still there, I would have been glad to die."
46:31 Joseph said to his brothers and his father's whole family, "I will go up to Pharaoh and say to him, 'My brothers and my father's whole family, who were in the land of Canaan, have now come to me.
46:32 They were shepherds of sheep and made a business of raising livestock, and they have brought their flocks and their herds and all that they have.'
46:33 And when Pharaoh calls you, he asks you, 'What do you do for a living?'
34. "46:34 And you shall say, Your servants, from their infancy until now, have made a business of raising livestock, even our fathers did so. So that you may dwell in the land of Goshen, for all those who shepherd sheep are hated by the Egyptians." (1) Let us see how the "Judaizers in the guise of Christianity" explain this place, as they, the devils, slyly argue: "The people of God do not need to be conformed, to seek compromise in order to be accepted; they need to fear no separation, no isolation. Remember? God promised to go down with you to Egypt. With God's presence, you will never be alone, but you will be established and not alone. The land of Goshen is a fertile land for animal husbandry, but it is not the centre of civilization in the world, with its bustling cities, its lively nightlife, and its idolatrous temple activities."
(2) A large and independent country like Egypt certainly had a more developed livestock industry and could not have been without "shepherds", so it is not true that "all shepherds were hated by the Egyptians", but that the Israelites who shepherded the sheep "all were hated by the Egyptians". This is because the Israelites were not only not ashamed of their lack of tolerance and their ugly selfishness in not having a multi-family and multi-ethnic nation, but above all the Israelites laughed at the Egyptians for believing in the "sun god" as "idolatry", but did not This ignorance of the Israelites was certainly despised by the Egyptians, and this is why "all the Israelites who shepherded the sheep were hated by the Egyptians This is the reason why "all the Israelites who shepherded the sheep were hated by the Egyptians".
(3) "28:18 Jacob arose early in the morning, and set up the stone which he had pillowed as a pillar, and poured oil on it. 28:22 The stone which I have set up as a pillar will also be a temple of God, and I will give you a tenth of all that you have given me." Do you see that? Isn't this "idolatry"? If it was not "idolatry", why did they "set up the stone they were resting on as a pillar and pour oil on it"? (4) To "set up the stone on which they rested as a pillar and pour oil on it" is to build an altar to "Yahweh", which is to worship "Yahweh" as an idol. This is a sign of Satan's compulsion not to distinguish between right and wrong, as they have lost their wisdom and have "taken right for wrong, false for true, and right for wrong". Such ugly words and actions of the Israelites would have been detested not only by the Egyptians, but by all the wise people of the world. (5) The fact that the Israelites were worshipping the idol "Jehovah" without thinking they were worshipping it was not the most disgusting thing to Egypt, but the most disgusting thing to Egypt was the Israelites' "self-praise, blindness, slander, poisonous selfishness"! Ugly ignorance! The Israelites stigmatized all holiness except the idol "Jehovah" as "unholy", and their "Jehovah" was the only one, not only without "This is the reason why "all the Israelites who shepherded the sheep were hated by the Egyptians".
(6) After reading the Old Testament, Jesus Christ discovered the secrets of Genesis and learned that the "prophets of Yahweh" in it were all demonic images of Yahweh, but had been passed on by the Israelites in their entirety as Jewish doctrine. As Jesus' overthrow of Judaism intensified, the Jewish community became so alarmed that they crucified Jesus, who proved the true nature of Judaism as a demonic community by his "martyrdom with his life". If Christian Christians do not have the awareness and realm of Jesus, and do not know which Judaism is evidence of the devil, it means that Christians have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", and that Christians are minions who "recognize thieves as fathers", and are Judaizers under the guise of Christianity. (7) The whole of Christianity today is a "Christian religion".
(7) The whole of Christianity today stigmatizes all holiness except the idol "Jehovah" as "unholy" and their "Jehovah" as the only true God. This shows that "Christianity" has inherited "Jewish doctrine", which is a sign that the Judaizers have entered Christianity and dominated it, and that Satan has come from within Christianity to corrupt it. (8) The "chanting of hymns and prayers" today, regardless of the Christian group, are not the words and deeds of the "Jesus Christ" of the day, but the words and deeds of the "prophets of the Lord" ( (9) The Christianity of Jesus was originally the Christianity of the Lord. (9) The Christianity of Jesus was supposed to "make Christians into Christ". If you look at Christianity today, they do not let Christians become Christ, but make them shepherds of the "priests" and minions of the "priests", so that the whole of Christianity is a Jewish group under the guise of Christianity. (10) The crucifixion of Jesus by the Jewish group and the fact that all Christians do not expose the sins of Judaism, vindicate Jesus, and follow the path of Jesus, but instead practice the "Old Testament" of Judaism, is a manifestation of the dominance of Judaism in Christianity.

(1) "All the shepherds of the sheep were hated by the Egyptians." , which is an elliptical sentence. It was not that Egypt, which had entered into an agricultural civilization, despised the "nomadic tribes" (Israelites) who were shepherding sheep, but that the religious thinking of the "shepherds" was extremely poisonous, selfish and narrow-minded. (2) The Israelites were supposed to be the spokesmen of Satan, but they presented themselves as "prophets of the Lord" and "patentees". (3) The family was sent to Egypt to learn the advanced cultural knowledge of Egypt, so that they could shed their "national inferiority" and make progress in their thinking as soon as possible, but they were "self-righteous, blinded and irredeemable" pigs.

Posted by Li Huaiju on Sep 13, 2017 10:03pm 17:50 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






