Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 18 "David" is respected
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
18:1 When David had finished speaking to Saul, Jonathan's heart was deeply in tune with David's. Jonathan loved David as he loved his own life.
18:2 On that day Saul kept David, and would not let him return to his father's house.
18:3 Jonathan loved David as his own life, and made an alliance with him.
18:4 And Jonathan took off his outer robe from his body and gave it to David, and he gave him his battle clothes, and his sword, and his bow, and his girdle.
18:5 And Saul did shrewdly whatever he sent David to. And Saul made him chief of the warriors, and all the people and all Saul's servants were glad.
18:6 And when David had killed the Philistine and returned with all the people, the women came out of all the cities of Israel, rejoicing, beating drums and striking chimes, singing and dancing, to meet King Saul.
18:7 The women danced and sang, saying, "Saul has killed a thousand, and David has killed ten thousand."
18:8 And Saul was very angry and displeased with these words, and said, "Give ten thousand to David and a thousand to me; only the throne is left to him."
18:9 From that day on, Saul was angry with David.
18:10 On the next day the devil from God fell greatly on Saul, and he spoke nonsense in his house. David played his lyre as usual, and Saul had his spear in his hand.
18:11 Saul swung his spear and said in his heart, "I will pierce David through and nail him to the wall." David dodged him twice.
18:12 Saul was afraid of David, because the LORD had left himself and was with David.
18:13 So Saul made David leave himself, and made him captain of a thousand men, and he led the troops in and out.
18:14 David did everything wisely, and the LORD was with him.
18:15 And when Saul saw that David was wise in his works, he feared him greatly.
18:16 But all Israel and all Judah loved David, because he led them in and out.
18:17 Saul said to David, "I will give you Mila, my eldest daughter, as your wife, if you will fight for me, and fight for the LORD." And Saul said in his heart, "It is not good for me to do him harm with my own hands, but by the hand of the Philistines."
18:18 David said to Saul, "Who am I, and what is my birth, and what is my father's house in Israel, that I should not dare to be the king's son-in-law?"
18:19 When the time came for Saul's daughter Milah to be given to David, Saul gave Adel the Mihorite as his wife.
18:20 Michal, Saul's second daughter, loved David. Someone told Saul, and Saul was pleased.
18:21 And Saul said in his heart, "I will give this daughter to David as a snare for him, so that I may harm him by the hand of the Philistines." So Saul said to David, "You may be my son-in-law a second time today."
18:22 And Saul commanded his servants, saying, "Say to David in secret, 'The king delights in you, and all the king's servants love you; therefore you are the king's son-in-law.'"
18:23 So Saul's servants spoke to David according to these words. David said, "Do you think that being the king's son-in-law is a small thing? I am a poor and humble man."
18:24 And Saul's servants answered and said to him, "So and so is what David has said.
18:25 And Saul said, "Thus shall you say to David, 'The king wants no bride-price, but a hundred Philistine masculine skins, that he may avenge himself on the king's enemies.'" Saul meant to bring about David's death at the hands of the Philistines.
18:26 Saul's servants told this to David, and David rejoiced to be the king's son-in-law. The day had not yet come when
18:27 David and those who followed him rose and went, and killed two hundred Philistines, and gave the king the full number of the male skins, that he might be the king's son-in-law. So Saul gave Michal, his daughter, to David as his wife.
18:28 And when Saul saw that the LORD was with David, and knew that Michal his daughter loved David
18:29 he feared David all the more, and was always an enemy of David.
18:30 Whenever the Philistine captains came out to fight, David was more shrewd than Saul's servants in his work, and therefore his name was honoured.

Expository section.
9-112, [Explanation in the "Spiritual Version"] "Because Saul had made it a rule that he would give his daughter in marriage to David if he won, he wanted to know more about his family history", Q. Is this true? "Saul may also have been emotionally unstable so that he could not recognize David", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) "Saul" would have known his family history well enough. (2) "Saul", who had been through many battles, was emotionally stable, and the devil's "priests" (priests, priests), shut your mouth.
9-113, (1) "18:8 Give all the thousands to David and all the thousands to me, but the throne is not given to him". (2) "18:9 From that day on, Saul was angry with David", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes. (What man who is about to abdicate would have such emotions towards a man who surpasses himself.)

9-114. (1) "18:10 On the next day the devil from God came down greatly on Saul, and he spoke nonsense in his house", Q: Is that so? (2) 18:11 And Saul swung his spear, and said in his heart, "I will pierce David through and nail him to the wall", Q. Is that so? "David hid himself from him twice"? Answer: (1) "The devil from God fell greatly on Saul, and he spoke nonsense in his house", this was the "priest" (the devil) slandering and scandalizing the "LORD". (2) "I will pierce David through and nail him to the wall" is a wild guess by the "priests" (demons). (3) "Samuel" sent someone to tell him that the newly chosen king was "David".
9-115, "18:12 And Saul feared David, because the LORD had left himself and was with David", Q: Did the LORD really leave "Saul"? Answer: (1) "The LORD left himself and was with David" is a demonic heresy of the "priests". The word "Jehovah" here is not God, but "glory". (2) The Israelites spoke of the "glory of the victorious" as the incarnation of "Jehovah", which was an ignorant superstition.

9-116. (1) "18:17 And Saul said to David, "I will give you Mila, my eldest daughter, to be your wife, if you will fight for me and for the LORD". (2) And Saul said in his heart, "I will not do him harm with my own hands, but by the hand of the Philistines", Q. Is that so? Answer: "Saul" wanted to tempt "David". This is not what "Saul" said in his heart, but what the "priest", the man who wrote the commentary, devilishly guessed.
9-117. (1) "18:19 When the time came for Saul's daughter, Mirah, to be given to David, Saul gave Adel the Mihorite as his wife," Q. Is this true? (2) "18:25 And the king wanted no bride-price, but a hundred Philistine skins to avenge himself on the king's enemies", Q. Did Saul say this? (3) "Saul's intention was to bring about the death of David at the hands of the Philistines", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes. (3) Saul wanted to see what "David" was capable of, and he must have been reluctant to give up the throne.
9-118, (1) "18:27 David and his followers got up and went and killed two hundred Philistines, and gave the king the full number of the male skins, in order to be his son-in-law. So Saul gave Michal, his daughter, to David as his wife", Q: Is that so? (2) "18:29 And (Saul) feared David all the more, and was always David's enemy", Q. Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes. Then "Saul" was to be constantly on his guard.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





