Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 3 Eli knew his sons were sinners but did not forbid them
(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

The original part: The "sins" of the priest "Eli's son" were encouraged by the devil in the guise of "Jehovah".
3:1 Samuel the boy served the LORD before Eli. In those days the word of the LORD was scarce, and he did not often give a word of silence.
3:2 One day Eli slept and lay down in his own place. His eyes were dizzy and he could not see clearly.
3:3 The lamp of God was at the ark of the covenant in the house of the LORD of God, and it was not yet extinguished; Samuel was asleep.
3:4 The LORD called to Samuel. Samuel said, "Here I am!"
3:5 Then he ran to Eli and said, "You called to me, and here I am." Eli answered, "I did not call you; go to sleep!" And he went to sleep.
3:6 And the LORD called to Samuel. Samuel got up and went to Eli, saying, "You called me, and here I am." Eli answered and said, "My son, I have not called you; go to sleep!"
3:7 At that time, Samuel had not yet known the LORD, nor had he received the LORD's silent word.
3:8 The LORD called to Samuel a third time. Samuel got up and went to Eli and said, "You have called me again, and here I am." Only then did Eli understand that it was the LORD who had called the child.
3:9 So Eli said to Samuel, "Go to sleep still! If it calls you again, say, 'Speak, O LORD, and the servant listens with respect!'" And Samuel went and slept where he was.
3:10 And the LORD came again and stood, and called as he had called three times before, saying, "O Samuel! O Samuel!" And Samuel answered and said, "Speak, servant, and listen!"
3:11 And the LORD said to Samuel, "I will do a thing in Israel, so that all who hear it will have a ringing in their ears.
3:12 The words that I have spoken by the house of Eli, I will always fulfill them on Eli when the time comes.
3:13 I told him that I would send punishment on his house forever, because he knew that his sons had sinned and brought a curse on themselves, and he did not forbid them.
3:14 Therefore I swore to the house of Eli, saying, 'The sins of the house of Eli will never be atoned for, though sacrifices and gifts are offered.'"
3:15 And Samuel slept until morning, and opened the door of the house of the LORD, not daring to tell Eli the tacit command.
3:16 Eli called to Samuel and said, "O my son Samuel!" Samuel answered and said, "Here I am!"
3:17 Eli said, "Do not hide from me what the LORD has said to you; if you hide a word from God of what he has said to you, may he punish you severely."
3:18 So Samuel told Eli everything he had said, and did not hide it. And Eli said, "This is of the LORD; may he do according to his will."
3:19 And Samuel grew up, and the LORD was with him, so that not a word of what he had said fell short.
3:20 All the Israelites from Dan to Beersheba knew that the LORD had made Samuel a prophet.
3:21 And the LORD appeared again in Shiloh, because the LORD had implied his word to Samuel, and Samuel spread it throughout the land of Israel.

Explanation: "Samuel" became the "new lackey" after "Eli".
3:9, "So Eli said to Samuel, "Go to sleep! If you are called again, say, 'Speak, O LORD, and the servant will listen.'" And Samuel went and slept in the same place." (1) This is the "old slave Eli" of the devil teaching "Samuel", the "new slave", the rules of the devil. (2) You have no means to prove that what you hear is the real "LORD" and not the devil's counterfeit, which means that you are all counterfeiting "LORD" the devil's lackey.
9-12, "3:13 I told him that he would punish his house forever, because he knew that his sons had sinned and brought a curse on themselves, but he did not forbid them": (1) This is not what "Yahweh" said to "Samuel (1) This is not what "Jehovah" said to "Samuel". It is the devil speaking under the guise of "Jehovah". This is the devil "singing a high tune", pretending to be a good man and compelling "Jehovah". (2) The "sins of the sons" of the priest "Eli" were encouraged by the devil under the guise of "Jehovah". (2) The "sins" of the priest "Eli" were encouraged by the devil in the guise of "Jehovah". If the slave is not allowed to "bring a curse on himself", the slave will disobey. (3) It was not the priest "Eli" who did not forbid them because there was no way to "forbid them", for they were all minions of the devil in the guise of "Yahweh".

3:14, "Therefore I swear to the house of Eli that the sins of the house of Eli will never be atoned for, even though they are sacrificed and offered as gifts." (1) The sins of the "priest's" family could never be atoned for, even though they were offered as a gift, indicating that the "priest's" family were slaves to the devil. (2) If the priest's family did not honestly serve the devil in the guise of "Jehovah", the devil "sent down punishment on his house" and made the priest's (2) The devil "sends punishment on his house" and lets the priest's "sons sin and bring a curse on themselves". (3) Do you see what I mean? They are the opposite of the true "Yahweh" (masculine), the feminine.
3:20, "And all Israel from Dan to Beersheba knew that the LORD had made Samuel a prophet." (1) The replacement of the prophet "Eli" was "Samuel", which means that "Samuel" became the "new servant" after "Eli". (1) The replacement of the prophet "Eli" was "Samuel", indicating that "Samuel" became the "new lackey" after "Eli". (2) The mission and destiny of "Samuel" was the same as that of the prophet "Eli", and they were only puppets of one another. (3) The entire Jewish community was a demon-possessed minion. The only person in history who saved Israel was Jesus, and the way Jesus saved them was by calling the Jewish community "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", causing panic in the Jewish community, who crucified Jesus. After the death of Jesus, the only man who saved Israel, there was no second person to save Israel for more than a thousand years, which was a sad day for Israel. (4) The Chinese man Li Huai Zhu has revealed the original meaning of the Old Testament and I have become the "second Jesus". We'll see.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 18 March 2017 Edited 3 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





