Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Commentary (Chapter 14) New Song of the Lamb
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 14 Singing a new song from heaven (14:1-5)
27-14:1, "14:1 And I looked, and I saw the Lamb standing on Mount Zion, and with him 144,000 men, all having his name and his Father's name written on their foreheads": (1) "Mount Zion" in the original Hebrew means (1) "Mount Zion" means, in the original Hebrew, "the place of divine peace", the place where God preached the law to Christians to become Christ, the place where he preached "the Christianization of the uniqueness of being Christ"; it became "the place of God's peace". "It is the place where "the eyes are like a flame of fire, the feet like bright brass, the voice like the sound of many waters, the seven stars in his right hand, the two-edged sword in his mouth, the face like the shining sun, the one who hates the Nicolaitans, the Christ who has the rod of iron", a " Mount Zion". "Mount Zion" is not a specific place at all, and it is a misinterpretation of the Scriptures to understand "Mount Zion" as any specific place. Wherever it is said to be the "unique Christianisation of Christ", there is "Mount Zion". (2) "Chanting hymns and prayers, praying and receiving the Gospel" are all signs of "lack of peace and tranquillity". If you are "at peace", you will not "sing hymns and prayers, pray and receive the Gospel". It is only when the heart is empty and feels "restless and unpeaceful" that it will "sing hymns and prayers, pray and receive the Gospel". These "tricks of the devil" make Christians feel as empty as if they had been drinking and had been drugged, but they do not solve the root problem. (3) Many people shed tears of excitement when they "sing hymns", which is a sign of "unrest and lack of peace". (4) The most sung hymn in church is "Hymn No. 211 - The Fountain of Blood: I do believe, I do believe, that Jesus suffered for me, that the Father loved the Son so crucified, what an unrepayable love", so that if Christians sing it they will break the "peace and tranquillity" mentality. "This will make Christians feel guilty for the rest of their lives and spend their days "repenting and confessing their sins", which is not the teaching of God, nor is it the "teaching of Christ". This is not the teaching of God, nor is it the "teaching of Christ", but the "teaching of Judaism, the teaching of Satan", and therefore there is no "Mount Zion" in any "church group" of Christianity. Mount Zion". The fact that "Mount Zion" is "outside of Christianity" is the same as the Buddhist "teaching of the other".
(5) "The temple of the Lord was built on Mount Zion" means that you see through "religion" (Christianity) as a "temporary tool" for divine edification and that you are not confused by "temporary tools". You are not confused by "temporary tools" but have a Christian mentality of "peace and tranquillity" (if you do not learn Christianity, you are Christ; if you learn Christianity, you are always a Christian; if you want to be Christ, you do not learn Christianity), and you have accepted the " You yourself are the "Mount Zion" and the "Temple of the Lord" is the wise The temple of the Lord is the wisdom of you. (6) Let Christians become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", and such a place is "Mount Zion where the Lamb stands". If Christians are not to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", such a place is "Mount Zion where Satan stands".
(7) "144,000", that is, "7:4 And the number of the tribes of Israel that were sealed was 144,000", that is, twelve branches of Israel, twelve thousand each. It is not "Israelites" who have "Israelite nationality"; it is "Israelites" who have "prevailed in their wrestling with God and with men". It is only "Israelites" who have "won the battle with God and with men". Therefore, it is "Israel" who does not learn Christianity, but becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron". (8) These "144,000" are all disciples of the Lamb, "the Lamb of the throne will shepherd them and lead them to the fountain of the water of life", and therefore have his name and his Father's name written on their foreheads. (9) The Lamb does not have to worry about not having disciples, but it is all in heaven's hands as to who should be one of the "144,000". The number "144,000" is not a real number, but a metaphorical one, but actually much more.

27-14:2, "14:2 I heard a voice from heaven, like the voice of many waters and the sound of a great thunderbolt, and what I heard was like the sound of a lyre played by one who plays a lyre": (1) "the voice of many waters", listen to the meaning of the scripture with a wise heart, not with eyes to see the literal meaning. "The Word is outside the Scriptures" means that the truth is spoken by the mouth to those who have ears, and not to those who can read. There is no such thing as getting a Bible and becoming a Christ. (2) The "voice of a great thunderbolt" is powerful, overturning what you have seen and heard before; you have not heard it before, and suddenly you hear it. (3) Only those who "play the lyre" have "the sound of the lyre they play". Only those who want to be "Christ" can know what "Christ's teaching" is. If one does not want to be the Christ who gave his life for the truth, and if one does not have the same courageous attitude as Jesus, who rebuked the "Jewish Church" and died so generously, it is impossible to know what "Christ's indoctrination" is, but only the "indoctrination of the religious" (Satan's). He can only mistake the "indoctrination of the faithful" (Satan's indoctrination) for the "indoctrination of Christ", and can only use the "indoctrination of the faithful" to anesthetize himself who does not have the confidence to take on Christ.

27-14:3, "14:3 And they sang before the throne, and before the four living creatures and the elders, as if it were a new song; and no one could learn it except the 144,000 who were bought from the earth": (1) "as if it were a new song", indicating that it was not "Christianity, Jesusism", "Christianity, Jesusism" is not a "new song", it is an "old song". "Christianity, Jesusism" has been sung for almost two thousand years now, so it is an "old song", not a "new song". What many people have not heard before is a "new song". It is a "new song" because it is similar to, but different from, "Christianity" or "Jesusism". (2) The Lamb is the Lord after Jesus, the one who "opened the seven seals". Jesus did not "open the seven seals" during his life, so he was not the Lamb at all. (3) None of the disciples of "Christianity and Jesus" can "sing before the throne and before the four living creatures and the elders" because they are not disciples of the Lamb. The disciples of the Lamb "sang before the throne and before the four living creatures and the elders as if they were new songs".
(4) The Lamb expounded the Book of Revelation with much effort, revealing a "new Christianity" that had never been seen before. They knew that this was the true "indoctrination of Christ", and they became disciples of the Lamb, who thus "bought the 144,000 from the earth". (5) There are two reasons why "no one can learn this song" in the Christian countries, firstly, because the "new song" is the opposite of the "old song" and Firstly, because the "new song" is the opposite of the "old song", and because the "new song" is specifically designed to overthrow the "old song", and this is because "Christians" who have been brought up with the "old song" and who have sung the "old song" This is something that "Christians" who grew up with "old songs" and sang them would not tolerate. Secondly, and more importantly, because the "new song" was compiled by a Chinese who called himself "the Lamb", and he (the Lamb), a "foreigner" who did not know any foreign languages, had no reason to compile it. What is the reason for him (the Lamb), a "foreigner" who does not speak a foreign language, to compose a "new song" (an interpretation of the Book of Revelation)? (6) Those who think in the second way have forgotten that "truth has no borders" and that "Chinese medicine can heal foreigners and Western medicine can heal the Chinese". Even an ordinary iron rod can kill a person from any country in the world, so why can't the "iron staff" be in the hands of foreigners? No one in the West could learn the song of the Communist Manifesto, but the Chinese used this "new song" to build a powerful new China.

27-14:4, "14:4 These men have never touched a woman; they were virgins. Wherever the Lamb goes, they follow him. They were bought from the earth as firstfruits for God and for the Lamb": (1) "They had not touched women" means they had not committed "lust", they were truly virgins, they were not modern people, they were in the original ancient times. They are not modern men, but Christ who practised in the original antiquity and did not break the commandment of "lust" and thus returned to heaven. (2) "Wherever the Lamb went, they followed him" does not really mean that they followed the Lamb, but that "wherever they went, they sang the new song of the Lamb to those around them, just as they had followed the Lamb". To be taught by him is to "follow him". (3) They were bought from the earth by the Lamb at the expense of his heart (Exposition of the Book of Revelation). (4) The "firstfruits" are those who in a previous life were practitioners of a single speciality of the Word. In ancient times before 2012, the level of civilization did not allow for the study of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Islam, and all of them were "single-specialty" Christians of one religion, so they were not perfected and therefore had to descend to the earth to become modern human beings. "In the post-apocalyptic Baiyang world, they will attend the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" (the three sessions of the Dragon Boat Festival), practise the Lamb's "Baiyang Buddhism of unity of the three religions, the five religions and the return of the mother to her roots", sing a new song (5) They are the "first born", the "new Christ", and the "great consummation", after which they will be able to live forever in heaven. (5) These "firstfruits", who in this life will become people of mystical culture throughout the world, will meet the Lamb at a specific time and "return to God and the Lamb" as God has ordained.

27-14:5, "14:5 No lie is detected in their mouths, they are without blemish": (1) "No lie is detected" means that the commandment of "delusion" has not been broken. (2) Those who do not tell lies are upright and good people, pure people without blemish, who are wise enough to become approved of the "new song of the Lamb" and to leave behind the "old song" of their weariness, and to follow the Lamb and participate in the The "marriage supper of the Lamb".

Revelation 14: The Angel Preaches the Gospel (14:6-12)
27-14:6, "14:6 And I saw another angel flying in the air, having an everlasting gospel to preach to those who live on the earth, to every nation, tribe, people and people": (1) The "everlasting gospel" is the Lamb The "three religions in one, the five religions in one, the baiyang dharma that recognizes the mother and returns to its roots" is the "new song of the Lamb". "The "new song of the Lamb" puts an end to the "old song", which is not the "edification of Christ" at all. Rather, it is "the indoctrination of the faithful, the indoctrination of Satan, the gospel of hell for the legal slaves". (2) "Those who live on the earth are all nations, all tribes, all peoples, all peoples", and in whatever country you are, you must abandon the "old songs" that have been sung for thousands of years and in a single specialty, because "the end of the world" (21 December 2012) is coming. After the "end of the world" (21 December 2012), humanity has entered a new era of the "global village", the era of the White Sun where the Lamb presides over the edification. Whoever does not accept the "new song of the Lamb" and the "everlasting gospel" is accepting the "everlasting woe" and will suffer the misery of hell.

27-14:7, "14:7 He cried out, "Fear God and give him glory, for the time has come for him to execute judgment! Worship him who made the heavens and the earth and the sea and all the fountains of water": (1) To receive the "new song of the Lamb" is to "fear God and give him glory". Those who do not accept the "new song of the Lamb" and continue to sing the "old song" do not "fear God and give Him glory". (2) They continue to sing the "old songs" in a drunken manner, not knowing when the "judgement" will be carried out. When the "new song of the Lamb" appears in the world, the time has come for God's judgement. The "new song" is the opposite of the "old song", and the "new song" is specifically designed to overthrow the "old song", which is This is a sign that "the time for God's judgment has come". (3) Not accepting the "new song of the Lamb" and continuing to sing the "old song", and not "worshipping Him who made the heavens and the earth and the sea and the fountains of waters", because "He who created the heavens and the earth and the sea and the fountains of the waters created the Lamb and the "new song of the Lamb". (4) The only one who does not "worship him who made the heavens and the earth and the sea and all the fountains of water" is Satan the devil. He who does not "worship him who made the heavens and the earth and the sea and all the fountains of water" forgets who made him, and is a walking dead man who does not repay the gift of nurturing and is worse than a beast.

27-14:8, "14:8 And a second angel followed, saying, The great city of Babylon, which made all nations drink the wine of evil and great wrath, has fallen, has fallen!" : (1) Ancient Babylon (c. 30th century BC - 729 BC) was located on the Mesopotamian plain, roughly within the territory of the present-day Republic of Iraq, where people established states around 5,000 years ago, and where the ancient Babylonian kingdom emerged by the 18th century BC. Mesopotamia - known in the Bible as the 'Garden of Eden', an ancient Greek word meaning 'the place between two rivers' - is also known as the Valley of the Two Rivers, which refers to the Euphrates and the Tigris. It was on this plain that the world's first cities developed, the first codes were issued, and the earliest epics, myths, pharmacopoeias and peasant calendars were passed down, making it the cradle of human civilisation. "Babylon" means "the gate of the gods". During the reign of King Nebuchadnezzar (605-562 BC), Babylon was at its most powerful. He led an invasion of Syria, invaded Palestine, seized Jerusalem, destroyed the Jewish kingdom, forced the Jews into slavery in Babylon and became the 'Babylonian prisoner', and in his later years he invaded Egypt. During these decades, the city of Babylon had a population of over 100,000 and merchants from all over Asia, and the slave economy had grown considerably. Immediately after Nebuchadnezzar's death, the internal political situation was in turmoil, with eight kings deposed in six years, two of whom were killed. The Babylonian slavers were so busy fighting for power and indulging in pleasure that they thought their walls were so high and strong that no one could break through. Little did they know that their enemies would use the Euphrates River, which ran through the walls, to fight their way in. One night in 538 BC (the end of the Chinese Spring and Autumn period), a young Babylonian prince was holding an orgiastic feast. Cyrus ordered a dam to be built in the Euphrates, putting the water on one side of the dam. His army sneaked into the city through the riverbed that had been drained on the other side and captured Babylon without engaging in battle.
(2) In 313 AD, Constantine I, Emperor of the western part of the Roman Empire, issued the Edict of Milan, declaring that Christianity was to be free and non-discriminatory with all other religions. Since then Christianity has been officially recognised as a legitimate religion. According to the theology of faith, the first Catholic pope was St. Peter, the first of the twelve disciples of Jesus, but in fact the devil kidnapped "St. Peter" and made him "pope" so that the devil could also have the Christian "papacy". Such a form of "kidnapping" is "wickedness and rape". (3) Since the devil has "evil and raped" Christianity, there will be "evil and raped" indoctrination. The doctrine that Catholicism is a prayer to Mary, the mother of Jesus, has nothing to do with "making Christians the indoctrination of Christ", but is a "wine of ecstasy" that "makes all nations drink evil". It is a "wine of ecstasy" that "makes all nations drink evil". The rest of the "priesthood teaching", the singing of hymns and prayers, the editing of the Bible, etc., are all manifestations of the devil's "evil and rapeful" Christianity, which is also the "wine of ecstasy" that "makes the nations drink evil". This is also the "wine of ecstasy" that "makes all nations drink evil". (4) Other denominations which are dissatisfied with the Catholic Church's prayer to Mary, the mother of Jesus, or with the thousands of self-constituted orders which are dissatisfied with the rule of the "Pope", are "the wine of ecstasy" which "makes the nations drink of great wrath". (5) The Orthodox Church regards the Church as a "bewitching wine" that "makes the nations drink great wrath".
(5) The Orthodox Church sees the Church as "the body of the Holy Jesus Christ, the image of the Holy Trinity". The Holy Spirit gives the Church its foundation. At the heart of the Church is the service of the Mass, and at the centre of that service is the Eucharistic blood of Jesus. Spirituality is preserved through the worship of Jesus and the Apostles. The central sacrament of the Eucharist is the sacrament of thanksgiving to Jesus for the New Covenant through the consumption of bread and wine made from the body and blood of Jesus. By consuming the blood of the Eucharist, the believer is united with the Saviour or God in one heavenly person. The confirmation of his person as the new chosen people of God through the assembly of the Saviour. Iconography is known in Orthodox regions as the 'window to heaven', the 'window to heaven', as if the painting were a gateway to heaven, with the saint in the picture looking out of the window (the frame) at the faithful who come to venerate it; but this does not mean that the painting itself is being worshipped as a This does not mean that the painting itself is worshipped as a god. The Church uses the lamb as a symbol of Christ and his goodness, obedience and sacrifice.
(6) Protestantism is Protestant Christianity, which means "Christianity" in Chinese. (The original translation of the corresponding word in the main languages of the European Reformation centres is protestant, anti-Roman, anti-Roman, anti-religious, anti-religious, more orthodox, Protestant, etc., and is often directly referred to as "Christianity". "It is one of the three main Christian denominations, alongside the Catholic and Orthodox Churches. Protestantism believes that since salvation is by faith alone, all believers can be priests, without the need for clergy to act as intermediaries between God and man. Moreover, believers can intercede for one another, and each has the right and duty to look after one another in religious life and to spread the gospel. Protestantism, on the other hand, asserts that the Bible alone is the supreme authority and that every believer can understand God's revelation and truth directly from the Bible through the guidance of the Holy Spirit. The Zwinglians and Baptists believe that the Eucharist is merely symbolic or commemorative, and that the bread and wine represent only the flesh and blood of Christ, not the flesh and blood of Christ. Baptism is also nothing more than a new tabernacle with God, a sign that the recipient has died and risen with Christ and is united to His life, and does not imply a specific dispensation of divine grace. The singing of hymns by the entire congregation is also a feature of the Protestant worship service.
(7) The three main schools of Christianity, Catholicism, Protestantism and Orthodoxy, as well as other smaller Christian orders, do not teach that believers should become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron". None of them inherited the Christianization of Jesus, nor did they have the words and deeds of Jesus to "rebuke Judaism" to prove that they were disciples of Jesus, so that "Catholicism, Protestantism and Orthodoxy" were the three "great cities of Babylon". "The other smaller Christian orders are the "little cities of Babylon"; they are all demonic groups that "make all nations drink the wine of evil and great wrath". (8) The "Catholics, Protestants and Orthodox", who "call all nations to drink of evil and the wine of wrath", are the three "great cities of Babylon", and after the teaching of the Lamb became known to the Christians Many Christians have become aware that the "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" is the true "indoctrination of Christ" and have thus accepted the "indoctrination of the Lamb "The "great city of Babylon" slowly "fell over, fell over!

27-14:9, "14:9 And a third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If anyone worships the beast and its image and receives the mark on his forehead or on his hand": (1) Under the guise of Christianity, but not allowing Christians to become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", the (1) In the guise of Christianity, but not allowing Christians to become "Christ with eyes like a flame, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", such people are "beasts", the embodiment of the devil and Satan. (2) No matter which branch of Christianity you belong to or which branch you have received, you are all "sealed in the forehead or in the hand" and are all minions of Satan who "worship the beast and his image". (3) Only those who have received the "correction of the Lamb" are "sealed with the seal of Christ on their forehead or on their hands".
27-14:10, "14:10 This man will also drink the wine of the wrath of God; it will be pure and unadulterated in the cup of the wrath of God. He will suffer in the presence of the holy angels and the Lamb, in the midst of fire and brimstone": (1) Christians who, under the guise of Jesus, do not allow Christians to become "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" are using "Satan's indoctrination" to erase the "Christ of the world". The "edification of Christ" is being obliterated by the "edification of Satan", making Christians minions who "sing hymns and prayers" and "sinners who killed Jesus". "Such devilish words and actions are bound to bring about "God's wrath". (2) As a "Christian", you have not received the "correction of the Lamb", you have not promoted the "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". "You are a Satanic lackey under the guise of Christianity. (3) "Hymn 211 - Song of the Fountain of Blood: I do believe, I do believe, that Jesus suffered for me, that the Father's beloved Son was crucified in this way, what an unrewarding love". "If there is a "look of sorrow", even weeping, it is a sign of "suffering in the midst of fire and brimstone". (4) Let me ask you, beast: Did Jesus write the "hymns and prayers"? If not, then they are not the "teaching of Christ". Why do you not understand such a simple truth? Why do you not understand such a simple truth? Because you have "gone astray and drank from the drug of ecstasy"! Please "turn from darkness to light".

27-14:11, "14:11 The smoke of his suffering rose up for ever and ever. Those who worship the beast and its image, and bear the mark of its name, have no peace day and night": (1) "The smoke of his suffering goes up for ever and ever", because in life he did not know that "Catholicism, Protestantism, and Orthodoxy" are the three "Baals". He went to hell because he did not know that "Catholicism, Protestantism and Orthodoxy" were the three "great cities of Babylon", because he became a "Christian" without the original intention of becoming a "Christ", because he was blindly obedient and did not think independently (2) "Those who worship the beast" are the "three great cities of Babylon" because they have become "Christians" without becoming "Christ" in the first place. (2) "Those who worship the beast and its image, and bear the mark of its name" are those who have learned "the teaching of the faithful and the teaching of Satan" and are compelled to promote doctrine (evangelism). (3) Not only were they themselves "restless day and night", but their neighbours, relatives and friends were also "restless day and night", for he had become a demon king in the propagation of the Law, his house was a demonic cave, his house was swarming with demons and evil spirits, and his All his "neighbours, relatives and friends" were "infected" by his "virus" and became sick and broke.
27-14:12, "14:12 Herein lies the patience of the saints, who keep the commandments of God and the truth of Jesus": (1) "Herein lies the patience of the saints" is a "refrain (1) "Herein lies the patience of the saints" is a "refrain", not really a command for "the saints to be patient", but a "gateway" to test your wisdom, to see if you have a "sober and sensible" understanding of "who Jesus is". This is the "gateway" to your wisdom, to see if you have a sensible and sober "position and concept" of "who Jesus is". If you, as a Christian, do not know "who Jesus is" and do not have a rational and appropriate "position and concept" of Jesus, you must be a "blind man without ears". You must be a "blind man without ears". (2) Jesus did not have "patience". If Jesus had "patience", he would not have been brutally murdered for calling the Jewish community "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". Not only did Jesus not "endure", but he showed himself everywhere as "the Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron". Although Jesus was killed at the age of 30, he was "glorified for all time". Therefore, one who endures the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" cannot become Christ. Even less can one become a Christ who does not know what a "hypocritical scribe or a blind leader" is. Therefore, those who "keep the commandments of God and the truth of Jesus" do not have the patience of the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", but are the new Christ after Jesus. (3) Those who do not know what a "hypocritical scribe or blind leader" is, nor what the "definition and concept of Christ" is, cannot be "Christ", but can only be "Christians" for life. They can only be "Christians" for the rest of their lives and become Judaizers and minions of Satan under the guise of Christianity. Therefore, the saints who claim to be "Christians" have patience and can only tolerate the abuse of "priests and ministers" because they have been given "ecstasy" and are the "lambs of priests and ministers". They are the minions of Satan, the "priest's lamb".

Revelation 14 Blessed are those who die in the Lord (14:13-20)
27-14:13, "14:13 And I heard a voice from heaven saying, Write, Blessed are those who die in the Lord from now on! The Holy Spirit says, "Yes, they have rested from their labours, and the fruits of their works follow them": (1) He who, like Jesus, had no patience or tolerance for the powerful "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and was killed after having rebuked them, is the one who "He who dies in the Lord". He who died with "eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" was the one who died "in the Lord". (2) As a Christian, you do not know what a "hypocritical scribe or a blind leader" is, and you do not know a "hypocritical scribe or a blind leader" when they are right in front of you. "Such a one dies in ecstasy", not "in the Lord" at all. (3) Calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", and exposing Judaism, which practises the Old Testament, as "Satan incarnate", such labour is the labour of Christ. Such labours are Christ's labours. The fruits of Jesus' work during his life "followed him to heaven" and became the proof of his heavenly rank. (4) Christians who do not expose the practice of "Old Testament Judaism" do not follow Jesus, they are not "disciples of Jesus", they are not "those who died in the Lord". They are not "dead in the Lord", and they will serve their time in hell after they have rested on their labours to "promote the teachings of Judaism". Their labours in "promoting the doctrine of Judaism" are the "fruits of their works, and with them" they will go to hell as a basis for punishment.

27-14:14, "14:14 And I looked, and saw a white cloud, and on the cloud sat one like the Son of Man, with a golden crown on his head and a quick sickle in his hand": (1) "On the cloud sat one like the Son of Man", the Christ who had completed his mission and returned to heaven. . (2) The "crown of gold on his head" is due to the fact that the Jewish priests, who in their lifetime had rebuked the Old Testament priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", were ordained by God after his return to heaven. (3) "holding in his hand a copy of the Old Testament (3) "With a quick sickle in his hand", he wanted to reap the fruit of what he had physically ploughed, sown by word and example, and watered with the blood of his heart. Whoever sows will reap, and there is no mistaking cause and effect. The "quick sickle" is the true interpretation of the Book of Revelation as expounded by the Lamb.
27-14:15, "14:15 Another angel came out of the temple and cried out to him who was sitting on the cloud, saying, "Stretch out your sickle and reap! For the time of harvest has come, and the harvest of the earth is ripe": (1) "Stretch out your sickle" means to unfold your Book of Revelation, so that what you have said in the Book of Revelation may be made known to the world. (2) All the "Christians" in the world have come to Christianity in your name, and they have been deceived for nearly two thousand years. "What you have "ploughed, sown and watered". (3) The "harvest of the earth" is the Christian believers. It was not the "end of the world", it was the "magic age" when Satan was in power, so Jesus was beaten to death by the sons and daughters of the devil. Now that the "end of the world" (21 December 2012) has come, the "magic age" has been replaced by the era of the "Lamb's" White Sun; your The time has come for your "Christian indoctrination" to be made known to the world and truly transmitted to Christians, and for you to reap the harvest of Christianity.
(4) For the whole Christian nation has long since become intolerant of the scandals of the "priests and ministers", and those who are wise do not see in them the shadow of Jesus, but only the vile, shameless and greedy "devil". The devil's face. This is a sign that "the harvest of the earth is ripe". (5) In China, many people of the Christian faith have become "false foreign devils and second-rate Maoists", revealing themselves as "traitors who sell their country for glory". They are freely distributing their ideas as "Christian doctrine" to Christians, and the state has banned some cultists who are not legal "gospel takers". Some Christians have given birth to sheep in their homes, and all the Christians in a village have gone to "attend" them; children have been enrolled in "children's classes" to "open their eyes to heaven"; and so on and so forth. The list goes on and on. This is a sign that "the harvest of the earth is ripe".

27-14:16, "14:16 Then he who sat on the clouds threw his sickle to the ground; and the harvest of the earth was reaped": (1) "He who sat on the clouds" is the "Son of Man" in heaven "Christ". The "earth" is the centre of the world, the central eastern earth, the Chinese Middle Heavenly Church. The power to "throw the sickle on the ground" and to reap is given to the Chinese Middle Kingdom. The "crops of the earth" are the Chinese Christians. (2) The time when "He who sat on the clouds threw the sickle to the ground" was the time when the True Commentary on the Bible was printed and distributed in mainland China. (3) Because there are tens of millions of Christians in China, when the Chinese Christians have received the True Exposition of the Bible and have "returned to their mother's roots", that is when "the harvest of the earth is reaped".

27-14:17, "14:17 Another angel came out of the temple of heaven, and he also had a quick sickle": (1) This "angel who came out of the temple of heaven" was ordained by God. (2) "He also had a quick sickle" means that he was an angel who spread the True Exposition of the Bible in the Middle Kingdom, and he was an angel who went to the Christian countries in the West to spread the True Exposition of the Bible in the Middle Kingdom.
27-14:18, "14:18 And another angel came out of the altar, having authority over fire, and cried out to him who had the quick sickle, saying, Stretch out the quick sickle! Reap the fruit of the vine of the earth, for the grapes are ripe": (1) "And an angel came out of the altar, having authority over the fire", indicating that the fire had arrived and the accumulated temperature had ripened the fruit; after the "stage of fiery growth ", the season of ripening and harvesting has arrived. (2) The "altar" in heaven is equivalent to the ministry of a nation. The "altar with authority over the fire" is equivalent to a national ministry of education. (3) The word "fire" in Chinese Zhouyi means "word, message". The fire of the heart is the great wisdom that shines through darkness and foolishness. "He who has authority over fire" is responsible for printing books, spreading scripture and promoting doctrine. (4) "An angel came out of the altar", indicating that he was responsible for communicating with the divine and for transmitting divine teachings to the world.
(5) The European grape originated on the Mediterranean, Black Sea and Caspian coasts. It was cultivated in Syria, Egypt, Iraq, the South Caucasus and Central Asia 5,000 years ago. It spread westwards along the Mediterranean to Western Europe and eastwards to East Asia. (6) "The grapes are ripe" in August and September, August being the month of the You (Rooster), after the year 2017 (Year of the Ding You). (7) After 2017, the Christian nations of the West have the conditions for the dissemination of the True Exposition of the Bible in the Middle Kingdom, and the conditions are "ripe".

27-14:19, "14:19 Then the angel threw his sickle to the ground and collected the grapes of the earth and cast them into the great vat of the wrath of God": (1) "Then the angel threw his sickle to the ground and collected the grapes of the earth", and there was a man from heaven who was He was responsible for spreading the True Exposition of the Bible from the Middle Kingdom to the Christian nations of the West, so that the Christian nations of the West would study the True Exposition of the Bible, recognize and reject "Jewish indoctrination, religious indoctrination and Satanic indoctrination", and accept the true "indoctrination of Christ "(2) The winepress zhà is the vat of wine. (2) The winepress zhà is an instrument for squeezing wine. (2) The "great vat of God's wrath" is the first of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame, love), because wine is a source of true nature and makes people mad. The "great vat", the instrument of wine making, is therefore a source of "God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (3) "And he collected the grapes of the earth and threw them into the great vat of God's wrath", which means that "wine" is for "God's wrath" and that grapes are also for "God's wrath" if they are used for making wine. "God's wrath". If the grapes are used to make wine, they are also a source of "God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (4) Anyone who does not know Jesus' "commandment to abstain from wine", or any Christian who drinks, is not a true Christian, but a devil who comes from within to corrupt Christianity under the guise of Christianity. (5) The Christian people, because the Last Supper has the words "drink the juice of the vine" and there is no explicit rule of "abstinence from wine", have caused the demons of wine to flourish in Christianity. "The angel threw his sickle to the ground", and the Middle Ages gave the Christian "commandment" to "abstain from wine".
(6) The New Testament - Mark 2:19 Jesus said to them, "While the bridegroom is with the company, shall the company fast? 2:20 But the day will come when the bridegroom will leave them, and they will fast on that day. 14:25 Truly I tell you, I will not drink this grape juice again until the day when I drink it new in the kingdom of God. 15:23 Take myrrh mixed with wine and give it to Jesus, but he does not take it. Note: This is evidence that Jesus did not drink wine. Christians who are "companions" in the absence of Jesus, the "bridegroom", have you "fasted"? Anyone who does not "fast" is a disciple of Satan. (7) NKJV Mark 10:11 Jesus said to them, "Whoever repudiates his wife and marries another commits adultery and betrays her; 10:12 and if a wife forsakes her husband and marries another, she also commits adultery. Note: This is an explicit provision on "committing adultery", which is an explicit provision on "monogamy"; the "committing adultery" here is the Chinese term 27-14:20, "committing adultery" is the Chinese term for "committing adultery".

27-14:20, "14:20 When the vat was kicked outside the city, blood flowed from it as high as the horses' chewing rings, as far as six hundred miles": (1) "The vat was kicked outside the city", indicating that one should stay away from wine and the instruments used to make it. For "wine is the mother of all evils; wine is incompatible with righteousness; the devil would have you hate one another for drinking wine and gambling". (2) "There was blood flowing from the vat", which means that wine is a drug that makes people narcotic and a tool for demonic possession, which damages their blood and makes them sick. (3) "As high as a horse's chewing ring and as far as six hundred miles" shows the far-reaching damage of wine. (4) The acute poisoning of alcohol caused by heavy drinking can kill a person. Even chronic poisoning from small amounts of alcohol can be extremely harmful. It can also make the heart flabby, contraction weak, heart swollen and blood vessels hardened. Regular drinking is also bad for the lungs and can lead to bronchitis, emphysema, pneumonia and tuberculosis. Drinking alcohol also makes people more susceptible to stomach problems and stomach cancer. In particular, alcohol can damage the liver, making it susceptible to cirrhosis. In addition, if young people are growing up, regular alcohol consumption can cause brain and memory loss, muscle weakness, premature sexual development and premature ageing, in addition to the above-mentioned harmful effects. Chronic alcoholism can lead to polyneuritis, cardiomyopathy, encephalopathy, haematopoietic dysfunction, pancreatitis, gastritis and ulcer disease, and can also increase the incidence of hypertension. Long-term heavy alcohol consumption can harm reproductive cells and lead to mental retardation in offspring. The incidence of laryngeal and digestive tract cancers increases significantly in people who drink alcohol regularly.

Li Huaiju 17 June 2017 20 17:10 Edited 26 July Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









