Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 8 The people want kings instead of priests
1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
8:1 And when Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel.
8:2 The name of the eldest son was Joel, and the name of the second son was Abiathar; and they were seraphim in Beersheba.
8:3 His sons did not walk in his ways, but were greedy for wealth and profit, and took bribes, and perverted justice.
8:4 And all the elders of Israel gathered together, and came to Samuel at Ramah.
8:5 They said to him, "You are old, and your son has not walked in your ways. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done."
8:6 Samuel was not pleased that they said, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD.
8:7 The LORD said to Samuel, "Obey everything that the people say to you. For they have not forsaken you, but they have forsaken me, and do not want me to be their king.
8:8 Since I led them out of Egypt until now, they have often forsaken me and served other gods. Now they are doing to you what they have always done.
8:9 Therefore, obey their words, but warn them, and tell them how the king will rule over them in the future."
8:10 Samuel preached all the words of the LORD to the people who asked him to make a king, saying.
8:11 "This is how the king who rules over you will act: he will send your sons to drive his chariots, to follow his horses, and to run before them.
8:12 and he will send them to be captains of thousands and captains of fifty, to plough his fields, to reap his crops, to build his armour and the instruments of his chariots.
8:13 and shall take your daughters and make for him balm, and cook and bake bread.
8:14 and shall take the best of your fields, your vineyards, and your olive groves, and give them to his servants.
8:15 And he shall take a tenth part of your grain and of the produce of your vineyards, and give it to his eunuchs and to his servants.
8:16 and he will take your servants and your maidservants, your able-bodied young men and your donkeys, for his service.
8:17 And he shall take a tenth part of your flock, and you shall be his servants.
8:18 Then you will plead with the LORD because of the king you have chosen, but the LORD will not answer you."
8:19 And the people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will certainly want a king to rule over us, and
8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king to rule over us and to rule over us and to fight for us."
8:21 When Samuel heard all these words of the people, he presented them before the LORD.
8:22 The LORD said to Samuel, "Just follow their words and make a king for them." And Samuel said to the Israelites, "Go to your cities, each of you!"

Expository section.
9-32, "8:3 (Samuel) His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for wealth and profit, and took bribes, and bent righteousness" Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) This is because his son inherited his father's (Samuel's) style. (2) He praised the "priest" with his eyes closed, not saying that the "priest" had taught his son poorly, and not saying that the "priest" family was the embodiment of an insatiable devil. This is the "greatest point" of the Old Testament of the Bible.
8:5, "Say to him, "You are old, and your sons have not walked in your ways. Now make for us a king to rule over us, like the nations." (1) This is a "bull of abdication" from the "elders of Israel" to "Samuel", indicating that the Jewish "papal system of church and state (1) This is a "bull of abdication" from the "elders of Israel" to "Samuel", which shows that the Jewish "papacy" was overthrown by the "elders of Israel" and that democracy replaced dictators. (2) It shows that the family dictatorship of the "priests" could not govern the people fairly, but only reduced them to the servitude of the "priests". This shows that the Jews longed to be "like the nations" and to change from a "papal" to a "kingly" system of government.
8:6, "And Samuel was not pleased with them, saying, Make a king over us. And he prayed to the LORD." (1) "Samuel", the "church and state pope", was dismissed (fired) by the "elders of Israel", so that "Samuel did not Samuel was not pleased with them, saying, "Make a king over us". "Samuel was not only "displeased with them", but also feared and hated them because they were "rebels" who overthrew his dictatorship. (2) In fact, "Samuel" did not need to pray, but his "LORD" heard him, for his "LORD" was a demon who demagogued people under the guise of God.

9-33, "8:7 And the LORD said to Samuel, "Obey all that the people say to you. 8:8 For they have not forsaken you, but they have forsaken me, and have not wanted me to be their king. 8:8 Since I led them out of Egypt until now, they have often forsaken me and served other gods. Now they are doing to you what they have always done." Ask, "Did the LORD say this to Samuel? Who said this to "Samuel"? Answer: (1) It was not the LORD who said this to Samuel, but the devil, who was compelling people under the guise of God. It was the dictator who said that his own dominance of the "counterfeit word of God" had been challenged by others and that wise men were making a revolution. (2) "Obey all that the people say to you" because you have no capital to disobey, you have been abandoned by everyone. (3) For they have not only forsaken you, but they have forsaken me (the devil). They do not want me to be their king because they know that you are a "selfish and cruel" devil and that you are not even human. (4) Since I led them out of Egypt until now, they have often forsaken me and served other gods because you do not have the mercy of "other gods". (5) Now they are doing to you what they have always done in wisdom, because development and progress are the theme of mankind, and no devil can stop it.

8:19, "And the people refused even to listen to Samuel, saying, Or else we shall have a king to rule over us, 8:20 that we may be like the nations, having a king to rule over us, and to have dominion over us, and to fight for us." (1) "The people refused to listen to Samuel," indicating that the people were tired of Samuel's nonsense and that Samuel the priest was really dismissed by the people. (2) It shows that the Jews wanted to get rid of the dictatorship of the "Pope, who was a united church and state" and to become a kingdom "like the nations". For the "priests" never governed the people, but only compelled them. For the "priests" never rule over the people, they only rule over them. For the "priest" never fights for the people, but only for his dictatorship.
9-34, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "8:4-9 The people wanted to be in line with the nations. This is exactly what God does not want to see. After the establishment of kings, people tend to forget that God is their true king". Answer: (1) The dictator who sacrifices to the pantheon of gods is to be replaced by a king. (2) The "gods" here are not the righteous god "Jehovah", but "evil gods, demons", "priests" (priests, ministers). They are the "priests" (priests, priests) who, from time immemorial, have been trying to take over the souls of people, to dominate their minds, and to make them their "subjects and slaves".
9-35, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "8:19-20 But their motive for demanding a king was like that of the nations, which was completely contrary to God's first plan". " was actually the embodiment of a corrupt and corrupting dictator (demon king)? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) The "first plan of God" was to rule over people's souls forever, so that they would be inseparable from "God" (the priests) all the time, which is what the devil wanted.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on March 18, 2017 Edited November 1, 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





