Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 48 Jacob plundered Joseph's son and estate
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down and worship those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) The "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.

Genesis 48 Jacob plundered Joseph's sons and property (48:1-7)
48:1 After this, it was told to Joseph, "Your father is sick." So he took his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim, with him.
48:2 And it was told to Jacob, "Behold, your son Joseph has come to you." Then Israel sat up reluctantly on his bed.
3. "48:3 Jacob said to Joseph, "The Almighty God has appeared to me in the land of Canaan at Luz and blessed me": (1) Jacob, you old fool, you stupid pig! Do you know why it was "blessed to you"? Because you have the delusion of being "blessed". Whatever you want is given to you, but it is a "blank cheque" to temporarily satisfy your desire, a "magic" to make you "live in vain and go to hell". (2) If "the Almighty God appeared to me at Ruth in the land of Canaan", why didn't the "Almighty God" tell you that there was a famine coming? Why did you come to Egypt to escape the famine? Because you were abandoned and fooled by the Almighty God, because you are a lying deceiver. Do you understand? Stupid pig. (3) If "the Almighty God appeared to me at Ruth in the land of Canaan", why didn't the "Almighty God" tell you that there was a famine coming? Why did your family come to Egypt to escape the famine? "Why didn't God Almighty make you a "prophet" like Pharaoh? It means that there is no "Almighty God" in Israel and that your "Almighty God" is a satanic counterfeit. Do you understand? Stupid pig.

4. "48:4 Say to me, I will make you fruitful and numerous, and will give the land to your descendants for an everlasting possession." : (1) Jacob, haven't you been in Egypt for more than ten years? Why don't you know what it means to "bring forth a multitude and a people"? Like the Pharaoh of Egypt, whose nation was made up of many families, and who had "heathens" like you, Pharaoh was the one who "bore many and ruled over many. Get it? Stupid pig. (2) You Israelites denigrate all gods outside your faith as "unholy", you are enemies of all "pagans", you are not "tolerant", you are all You are enemies of all the "heathen" and have no "tolerance", but are all "cruel, mean, selfish and narrow-minded" in thought and deed, which are the signs that Israel "cannot be many and cannot become a people of many". (3) "I will make you fruitful and numerous, and I will give the land to your descendants for an everlasting possession" is not unconditional, but conditional and prerequisite. The "prerequisite and condition" is that you must correct your mistake, stop lying and cheating, and repent sincerely for your lying and cheating and intentional murder, and warn the descendants of Israel not to follow your example of lying and cheating. But you have no intention to change your ways, you have no sense of repentance, so the famine in the land of Canaan is the Lord's way of punishing you and expelling you. Do you understand? Stupid pig.

5. "48:5 Before I came to you in Egypt, Ephraim and Manasseh, your sons born in the land of Egypt, were mine, just as Reuben and Simeon were mine." (1) Ephraim and Manasseh, whom Joseph "bore in the land of Egypt", were the two sons born to Joseph by Asenath, the daughter of Potiphera, the priest of An; the first son was called Manasseh and the second son Ephraim. (2) Ephraim and Manasseh, these two sons of Joseph, were the grandsons of Jacob. The fact that Jacob said, "These two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, whom you bore in the land of Egypt, are mine, just as Lupin and Simeon are mine" shows that Jacob, a foolish pig, was having a nervous breakdown, showing that he did not know what human lineage was anymore. (3) "These two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, whom you bore in the land of Egypt, are mine, just as Lupin and Simeon are mine", which means that "Ephraim and Manasseh" became Joseph's brothers, not Joseph's sons. (4) Do you see? This is the "prophet of the Lord"! This is the "Israel and Jacob" of which the Israelites were so proud, and this is the Jewish priesthood, all of whom were "foolish pigs who do not know right from wrong, who take falsehood for truth, and who think they are right". (5) This is a concrete manifestation of Satan's cruel suppression and abuse of those above them. The minions inside the devil's cave were all people like Jacob.

6. "48:6 Those whom you have begotten after them are yours, and they may be given an inheritance in the name of their brethren." (1) The children "born after them" in Ephraim and Manasseh are your sons, Joseph. (2) Joseph's children "born after them" in Ephraim and Manasseh shall not have an inheritance in your name, Joseph, but "they shall have an inheritance in the name of their brethren", that is, only in the name of "Ephraim and Manasseh". That is, only in the name of "Ephraim and Manasseh", and they became the sons of "Ephraim and Manasseh". (3) Do you see? Not only did Jacob take Joseph's only two sons for himself, but he also put the sons that Joseph would have in the name of Jacob's sons, "Ephraim and Manasseh". This means that Jacob had plundered Joseph's sons and property. This is the rule of Satan. It is that whatever belongs to the little devil belongs to the great devil. This is the "rule of the underworld rogues and ruffians". (4) Joseph, who by his own wisdom had become Pharaoh's dependent prime minister in Egypt, brought his whole family to Egypt, only to be robbed by his father Israel. Do we all know anything yet?

48:7 As for me, when I came from Badan, Rachel died before my eyes, on the road in the land of Canaan, some distance from Ephatha, and I buried her on the road to Ephatha; and Ephatha was Bethlehem."

True Commentary on Genesis 48 The blessing Jacob gave Joseph was ecstasy (48:8-7)
48:8 When Israel saw Joseph's two sons, they said, "Who are these?"
9. "48:9 And Joseph said to his father, These are the sons whom God has given me here. And Israel said, Please lead them to me, and I will give them a blessing." (1) "These are the sons God has given me here", where the god is not Jehovah at all, but the sun god, because Egypt believed in the sun god, Egypt did not believe in Jehovah, and Joseph's wife was "the daughter of Potiphira, the priest of An". Therefore, Joseph's son in Egypt could only have been given to him by the sun god. (2) Because Joseph was as bright and upright as the sun when he first arrived in Egypt, and did not do a single hidden misdeed, Joseph was blessed by the sun god. This means that the sun god of Egypt was a good, upright and unselfish god, and that the sun god had no sense of national boundaries and was not at all "mean, cruel, selfish and narrow-minded" as the Israelites believed in Jehovah. (3) Therefore, we can believe that wherever there is Judaism (Christianity) practising the Old Testament, it must be a society torn apart by religion and broken to the extreme. (4) Israel's "blessing to be given to them" can only be a "delusion of right and wrong and falsehood", a "snare" to draw people into hell.

48:10 Israel was so old that her eyes were dizzy and she could not see. Joseph led them to him, and he kissed them and held them in his arms.
11. "48:11 And Israel said to Joseph, I could not imagine that I should see your face, but God has given me access to your son." (1) Israel, you dog-like beast, are you not a "prophet of the LORD"? Why did you say, "I could not think to see your face"? (2) Israel, the fact that you "cannot think of seeing your face" means that you are not a "prophet of the LORD" and that you have been abandoned by the LORD? Do you understand? Stupid pig. (3) Israel, the fact that you "did not expect to see your face" means that you are not a "prophet of the LORD" and that you have been abandoned by the LORD? That means you are a "prophet of Satan", got it? Stupid pig. (4) "And God gave me access to your son". This is God's way of humiliating you as a "prophet of the LORD", so don't call yourself a "prophet of the LORD" anymore. Stupid pig. (5) Israel, the God who "gave you access to Joseph's son" is not Jehovah, but the sun god, got it? Stupid pig. (6) Israel, don't ever again say that the gods of the "heathen" are "unholy". In fact, the "unholy" God is your Jewish "Jehovah", and your Jewish God is actually Satan in the guise of Jehovah. Your Jewish God is not only "unholy", but he is also the most evil Satan, see? Stupid pig.

48:12 And Joseph took his two sons out of the two knees of Israel, and he himself fell on his face and worshipped.
13. "48:13 Then Joseph took them both again, Ephraim in his right hand, against the left hand of Israel; and Manasseh in his left hand, against the right hand of Israel, and led them to the heel of Israel." (1) "Ephraim was in his right hand, against the left hand of Israel" because "the second son was Ephraim". (3) "And Manasseh was in his left hand, against the right hand of Israel", because "the firstborn was called Manasseh". (3) Joseph had prepared it in case Israel was mistaken. According to the custom of the Israelites, the left hand was the second son and the right hand was the first son.

14. "48:14 And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it on the head of Ephraim, who was the second son; and he cut over his left hand and laid it on the head of Manasseh, who was the firstborn." : (1) "Israel stretched out her right hand" and should have placed it on the head of Manasseh, who was the firstborn. But Israel did not do this, but "Israel stretched out his right hand and laid it on the head of Ephraim", which is clearly a mistake. (2) "And he cut off his left hand and laid it on Manasseh's head", showing that Israel was a "perverting of right and wrong, making falsehood the truth and right the wrong", and was putting Joseph under "ecstasy (3) This was the LORD's way of saying (3) This is Jehovah cursing the Jewish "prophets of Jehovah", do you realise this? If you don't, you are a Jew, a "blind man without ears".

15. "48:15 Then he blessed Joseph, saying, "May the God whom my father Abraham and my father Isaac served, the God who has shepherded me all the days of my life,": (1) This is the devil's minion having a nervous breakdown. All "benedictions" are the devil's minions having a nervous breakdown and Satan spreading "ecstasy". If you also learn to "wish and make wishes", you will become "Satan's man for a while". (2) Through these words of Genesis about "Abraham, Isaac and Israel", we all know that "the God whom Abraham and Isaac served" was in fact a true Satan, not the real Jehovah, but a Satan in the guise of Jehovah. It is Satan in the guise of Jehovah; Judaism is a demonic group. This is why Jesus called Judaism a "hypocritical scribe, a blind leader" and was crucified by Judaism.

16. "48:16 Bless these two boys, the messenger who redeemed me from all my troubles. May they be in my name and in the name of my father Abraham and of my father Isaac, and may they be fruitful and multiply in the world." : (1) You have not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron", and you have not met "the messenger who will redeem you from all your troubles". If you become a "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans and having a rod of iron" like Jesus, then you have met "the messenger who will redeem you from all your troubles". Do you understand? Stupid pig. (2) You have met "the messenger who redeemed you from all your troubles" by calling Judaism "a hypocritical scribe and a blind leader" and by calling Christians who practice the Old Testament devils. If you do not call Judaism "a hypocritical scribe and a blind leader", and if you do not call Christians who practise the Old Testament devils, you have not met "the messenger who will redeem you from all your troubles". (3) As we read the book of Genesis, we know that the messenger who redeemed Israel from all her troubles was a Satan in the guise of Yahweh, and not the real Yahweh at all. Israel was a lying deceiver who could not have met "the messenger who redeemed him from all his troubles". (4) "The messenger who redeemed Israel from all his troubles, and blessed the two boys", was giving "ecstasy" to Joseph's sons. (5) "May they come under my name and the name of my father Abraham and of my father Isaac", so that they may all fall into the servitude of Satan and go to hell after death. (6) "And may they bear and raise up a multitude in the world", all of them being Satan's spokesmen.

48:17 When Joseph saw that his father had laid his right hand on Ephraim's head, he was displeased, and lifted up his father's hand to move it from Ephraim's head to Manasseh's head.
48:18 And Joseph said to his father, "Not so, my father; this is supposed to be the firstborn; lay your right hand on his head, I pray you."
19. "48:19 His father would not obey, saying, "I know! My son, I know! He also shall be a tribe, and shall prosper, but his brother shall come to be greater than he, and his brother's seed shall be a multitude." : (1) Do you see? The authority of the devil's king will not allow anyone to give him correction. (2) Satan's purpose is to make you accept the false idea of "right as wrong and false as true" under the guise of God, that is, to make people take Satan for Jehovah and the devil's hell as the kingdom of heaven.

20. "48:20 And he blessed them on that day, saying, "The Israelites will bless you by pointing to you, saying, 'May God make you like Ephraim and Manasseh.'" So Ephraim was established above Manasseh." (1) "Blessings" are all Satan's "ecstasy" and "chains" that pull people to the devil's den of hell. (2) Do you know, who read the book of Genesis? If you still think that Israel is a "prophet of the Lord", you have become a servant of Satan, and your humanity has been destroyed and your demonic nature has been revealed. (3) "May God make you like Ephraim and Manasseh" means that Israel has completely kidnapped "God" and that God will do what Israel "wants". (4) Remember: this is the thinking of all those who are possessed by Satan.

21. "48:21 And Israel said to Joseph, "I am going to die, but God will be with you and lead you back to the land of your fathers." : (1) Both Jehovah and Satan are an immortal and imperishable vacuum, like oxygen and nitrogen dioxide, which will exist side by side for all eternity. (2) Because Egypt was a place of belief in the sun god, their Israelite belief in Yahweh did not spread out. They felt vulnerable and uncomfortable in Egypt when they saw that most people believed in the sun god but only their own family believed in Yahweh, so they vilified the pagans for believing in an "unholy" Satan, who would "lead you back to the land of your fathers", which was the stronghold of Satan. That is the stronghold of Satan.
(3) Jerusalem today is a city torn apart by religion. The most afflicted city in history: of the ten afflictions God has given the world, nine are in Jerusalem. To this day, its belonging remains at the heart of the conflict between Jews and Arabs. Situated at the top of the Judean mountains, 790 metres above sea level, Jerusalem was one of the ancient centres of religious activity. Judaism, Christianity and Islam each hold the city sacred according to their own religious legends. The city circle covers an area of approximately 1 square kilometre and is divided into four districts: Christian, Jewish, Muslim and Armenian. 2000 Statistical Yearbook of Jerusalem shows that the city has 1204 synagogues, 158 churches and 73 mosques. 2011 Jerusalem's population was 801,000, of which 65% were Jewish, 32% Muslim and 2% Christian.

22. "48:22 And all the land which I took from the Amorites by the bow and the sword, I give to you, that you may have a portion more than all your brethren." (1) "34:25 And Simeon and Levi, each of them with a sword, came to the city when the people were not expecting them, and killed all the men", which is "the land that I took from the Amorites with the bow and with the sword", which is evidence that Israel was a life-threatening demon. This is evidence that Israel was a devil who killed, because Israel killed by stealth, not only in self-defence, but also without declaring war. (2) "All is given unto thee, that thou mayest have a portion more than all thy brethren". If the Amorites wanted revenge, they would have gone to Joseph.

(1) Israel has exposed the devil for what he is, and if you don't see it, you are "of Satan's time". (2) The "prophets of the Lord" throughout the Old Testament are the "priests of Judaism", who are purely satanic in nature. By this "reverse thinking" method of teaching, Jehovah brings people to an epiphany of Christ. It is the "Christ with eyes like a flame" who can discover that the "prophet of the Lord" is Satan. This is the "infallible way to make Christians into Christ". (3) There are no two ways to "make a Christian a Christ", there is only one, and that is to reveal the true nature of Satan and become a Christ, it is as simple as that.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 17 Sep 2017 19:53pm 18 Sep 16:30 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






