Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 27 Isaac deceived by Jacob
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 27 Isaac is old (27:1-17)
27:1 When Isaac was old and his eyes were dizzy and he could not see, he called Esau his oldest son and said, "My son." Esau said, "Here I am."
2. "27:2 He said, "Now I am old, and I do not know what day I will die": (1) This is evidence that Isaac was not a "prophet of the LORD". (2) To "know the day of death", as Jesus did, is to be a true "prophet". (3) "Prophets" who "do not know which day they will die" are all minions of the devil and will go to hell. Those who "know the day of death", but do not speak and act as Jesus did, are also minions of the devil and will go to hell.
27:3 Now take your instruments, your bag of arrows and your bow, and go out into the field and hunt for me.
4. "27:4 Make me a delicacy according to my love, and bring it to me to eat, that I may bless you before I die": (1) Do you see? Isaac is dying to kill, and the "love of meat and delicacies" is a hobby shared by all Satans. (2) "Give you a blessing" after satisfying the "meat and delicacies", which is a "technical term" used only by the devil who is killing people. (2) Remember that the book of Genesis and the Old Testament are treasured texts that show how the devil can deceive and harm people. Jehovah uses "magic" to make you think and then realise the true teachings, this is called "reverse thinking".
27:5 And Isaac spoke to his son Esau, and Rebekah heard him. Esau went into the field to hunt, to bring game.
27:6 Then Rebekah said to her son Jacob, "I heard your father say to your brother Esau.
27:7 'Go and bring the wild beasts and make them delicious for me to eat, so that I may bless you before the LORD before you die.'
27:8 Now, my son, do as I have commanded you, and obey my words.
27:9 Go to the flock and bring me two fat goat lambs, and I will make him a delicacy, as your father loves.
27:10 Take them to your father and give them to him to eat, so that he may bless you before he dies."
27:11 Jacob said to his mother Rebekah, "My brother Esau is covered with hair, and I am smooth.
27:12 If my father touches me, he will make me a deceiver, and I will be cursed and not blessed."
27:13 His mother said to him, "My son, the curse you have brought upon me; just listen to me and go and bring me the lamb."
27:14 So he went and brought it to his mother, and she made it delicious, as his father loved it.
27:15 And Rebekah put on Esau, her younger son, the best clothes that the family had kept for the older son
27:16 and wrapped Jacob's hands and the smooth part of his neck in the skin of a goat.
17. "27:17 And he gave the delicacies and the bread that he had made into the hand of her son Jacob": (1) What does it mean that Jacob listened to his mother's lie and deceived his father, who was blind, in order to receive the "blessing" before his brother? (2) It shows that Jacob inherited the deceitful nature of "Abraham and Isaac" and that "lying and deceiving" is a family treasure of the "prophets of the Lord".
Genesis 27: Jacob deceives his father (27:18-29)
27:18 Jacob went to his father and said, "My father!" He said, "Here I am. My son, who are you?"
19, "27:19 Jacob said to his father, "I am Esau your firstborn son; I have done what you commanded me. Please get up and sit down, and eat my game, that you may give me a blessing": (1) Isaac had deceived others, and now suffered retribution for his son's deception of himself. (2) In order to get the "blessing" before his brother, Jacob took the lamb and gave it to his father as game, saying that he was "your firstborn son Esau", which is a farce only for "prophets of the Lord". This is the kind of farce that only the "prophets of the Lord" are capable of. (3) The Jewish priests were a "family of liars". Lies to others and to their own people, this was the "heirloom and gene" of the Jewish priesthood.
27:20 Isaac said to his son, "My son, how did you find out so quickly?" He said, "Because the LORD your God has given me a good chance to find it."
27:21 Isaac said to Jacob, "Come near, my son, and I will touch you, and know that you are really my son Esau, aren't you?"
27:22 So Jacob drew near to Isaac his father. Isaac touched him and said, "The voice is the voice of Jacob, but the hands are the hands of Esau."
27:23 Then Isaac could not recognize him, for he had hair on his hands, like the hands of his brother Esau, and he gave him a blessing.
27:24 And he said, "Are you really Esau my son?" He said, "I am."
25, "27:25 And Isaac said, "Hand it to me, and I will eat my son's wild food and give you a blessing." So Jacob handed it to him, and he ate it; and he took wine and gave it to him, and he drank it": (1) Those who eat meat and drink wine are "of Satan's time". (2) Those who eat meat and drink wine must also tell lies and deceive people, which is a sign that they have not been taught by the LORD, and that they promote magic under the guise of the LORD.
27:26 Isaac his father said to him, "Come up to me, my son, and kiss me on the mouth."
27:27 So he came up to his father and kissed him on the mouth. As soon as his father smelled the fragrance on his clothes, he blessed him, saying, "My son's fragrance is like the fragrance of the field which the LORD has blessed.
27:28 May God give you the manna of heaven, the fat of the earth, and much new wine of the grain.
29. "27:29 May many peoples serve you, and many nations bow down to you; may you be the Lord of your brothers, and the sons of your mother bow down to you. Whoever curses you, may he be cursed; whoever blesses you, may he be blessed": (1) This is all "ecstasy" given by the devil to his minions. (2) These are the things that everyone likes to hear, and they are almost all spoken. These "ecstasies" are enough to make the "minions of the Lord" drunk. (3) The devil is a "psychologist and a man of letters" who will selflessly "give you" whatever you like, and if you hear it, they have achieved their goal, because they know that you will "believe it and expect it. They know that you will be "faithful and full of expectation".
Genesis 27: Esau cries out for his father's blessing (27:30-40)
27:30 When Isaac had finished blessing Jacob, Jacob came out from his father's house, and Esau, his brother, was returning from his hunt.
27:31 He also made a delicacy and brought it to his father, saying, "Please, father, get up and eat your son's game, so that you may bless me."
27:32 Isaac his father said to him, "Who are you?" He said, "I am Esau your firstborn son."
27:33 Then Isaac trembled greatly, saying, "Who was it that got the game and brought it to me before you came? I have eaten and blessed him, and he will be blessed in the future."
27:34 When Esau heard his father's words, he cried out with a loud voice and said, "Bless me also, O my Father!"
35. "27:35 Isaac said, "Your brother has taken away your blessing by trickery": (1) This is "ignorance" teaching "the more ignorant (1) This is "ignorance" teaching "the more ignorant", which is "brainwashing and deception by blackmail". (2) Esau's blessings were ordained by Yahweh and were inherent in him, they were not wiped out by the words of an old fool like you, Isaac. (3) Every man's blessing is ordained by the LORD and is inherent in him, not just because some devil "blesses" him, nor because no one "blesses" him. (4) "Give him a blessing" is a farce of the devil's deception. (5) Isaac, a fool, instigated his two sons to become enemies and caused family tragedies under the leadership of the devil, all because of his worship of the Lord as an "idol".
36. "27:36 And Esau said, Is not his name Jacob right? For he has deceived me twice; he took away my firstborn's name before; and look, he has taken away my blessing now. And Esau said, Hast thou not left a blessing to be blessed for me?" (1) How can you say, "He took away my firstborn's name"? You sold him Jacob's "bread and red bean soup" of your own free will, so how can that be considered a "taking"? (2) Because of your father's confused words, you think that "he has now taken away your blessing", which is a farce of your family's ignorance, for no one's "blessing" is taken away by the words of your father, the devil.
37. "27:37 Isaac answered Esau, "I have made him your master, and made all his brothers his servants, and given him new grain and new wine for his sustenance. My son, what more can I do for you now?" (1) Isaac, when you die, your "blessing" will be worthless, none of his brothers will be servants to him, Jacob will run away and you, the "prophet of the Lord", will not know it, which means that you are having a nervous breakdown. (2) Wine is a kind of drug that destroys the organs of the body and makes people sick and short-lived, and is not "nourishing" at all, but is the opposite of "nourishing" and "dangerous to life". Your claim that "giving him new wine with five grains will nourish his health" is a lie of the devil. To allow him to drink is to allow alcohol to mutilate his body and make him sick and short-lived. (3) When a person drinks alcohol, it narcotizes his nervous system and the devil dominates his mind, making him act and speak in a way that normal people do not, which is what the devil wants.
27:38 Esau said to his father, "Father, do you have only one blessing to wish for? O my Father, bless me also!" And Esau let his voice out and wept.
27:39 And Isaac his father said, "The fat of the earth will be for you to dwell in; the manna of heaven will be for you to receive.
40. "27:40 You shall live by the sword, and you shall serve your brother; and when you are strong, you shall break his yoke from around your neck": (1) Do you see that? That's the same as him saying nothing. (2) It is a farce unique to the "prophets of the Lord" that they end up lying to their own families.
Genesis 27: Esau resented Jacob and wanted to kill him (27:41-46)
41. "27:41 Esau resented Jacob because of the blessing his father had given him, and said in his heart, "The day of my father's mourning is near; then I will kill my brother Jacob": (1) The family of Isaac, "the prophet of the LORD", deceiving people with lies (1) The family of Isaac, the "prophet of the LORD", had used lies to deceive people. (2) Is this a situation of faith in Yahweh? Was it Jehovah they believed in? Does Yahweh allow his "prophets" to lie and deceive? Why didn't Isaac's family follow the rules that Yahweh originally set out in Genesis?
27:42 When someone told Rebekah what Esau, Rebekah's son, had said, she sent for her youngest son Jacob and said to him, "Your brother Esau wants to kill you to avenge himself.
27:43 Now, my son, listen to me: get up and flee to Laban, my brother, in Haran.
27:44 Stay with him for a while, until your brother's anger has subsided.
45. "27:45 And when your brother's anger has subsided against you, and he has forgotten what you have done to him, I will send and bring you back from there. Why did you both die in one day?" (1) "Why did you lose both of you in one day?" because your family has been worshipping the LORD as an "idol" and your family is a devilish family that has passed on lies and deceptions. (2) The result of your family's lies and deceptions is that fathers and sons deceive each other, husbands and wives deceive each other, and brothers deceive each other.
46. "27:46 And Rebekah said to Isaac, "I am weary of my life because of this woman of the Hittites; and if Jacob also takes a woman of the Hittites to be his wife, as these are, what good will it do me to live?" : (1) Do you see? The Jews, who were displeased in their own hearts, took out their resentment on the Gentiles. (2) To this day the Jews still hold the Old Testament as a treasure, not seeing that the doctrines in it are the devil's cruelty to them. (3) The Jews still call themselves "Israel", but in fact they do not know what "Israel" really is, they are all "wrestling with God and man, and have been defeated", and they are all devils who have exterminated humanity. They are all devils who have "wrestled with God and men and have been defeated" and have become extinct. I will explain "Israel" later.
The book of Genesis and the Old Testament are treasures that show how the devil can deceive and harm people. Jehovah uses the method of "showing magic" to make you think and then realize the true teaching, such a way of thinking is called "reverse thinking"].
Posted by Li Huaiju on September 1, 2017 16:23 am 19:05 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article