Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 9 Jehovah and the righteous "as a sign of the covenant"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 9 God Blesses Noah (9:1-11)
1. "9:1 And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, "Be fruitful and numerous, and fill the earth": (1) "Be fruitful and numerous", so that the sons and daughters would pass on the teaching of the LORD, and so that the sons and daughters (1) "You shall bring forth a multitude", so that the children may pass on the teaching of the LORD, so that they may all be ambassadors of the LORD's teaching. (2) Let the children "fill the earth" and let the teaching of the LORD "fill the earth" and make it a "heaven on earth". (3) It is the mission of every child of Yahweh in this world to make this earth a heaven on earth. If man did not have the mission of building heaven on earth, you would not be here in this life.

2. "9:2 Every beast of the earth and every bird of the air will be terrified and afraid of you; even every insect of the earth and every fish of the sea will be delivered into your hands": (1) "Every beast of the earth and every bird of the air will be terrified and afraid of you," (1) "Every beast of the earth and every bird of the air will be terrified and afraid of you", because man is more comprehensive than all of them and is truly the "king of all beasts". They are "vulnerable" and man should protect them and let them be "of their own kind". (2) "Even all the insects of the earth and all the fish of the sea are in your hands" means that they are "under" man, and man should be "merciful" and protect them. He should be "merciful" and protect them, the "vulnerable", so that they may "follow their own kind".

3. "9:3 Every living animal may be your food, and I will give it to you as vegetables": (1) This is a "counter-word" spoken by the LORD, not a true statement. It was a deliberate "test" for "Noah and his sons", who of course knew that this was a "refrain" from Yahweh Noah and his son" knew that this was the Lord's word. "Noah and his sons" would not eat meat, for eating meat is cruelty to life and will be rewarded. (2) If we go back and look at what the LORD said, we will see that the LORD was speaking "backwards". "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel": this is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" to "forbid the eating of meat". This is God's "command and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". (2) "3:23 Then the LORD God sent him out of the garden of Eden to cultivate the soil from which he had come": this was the "express command" for Adam and Eve to eat crops. (3) "4:8 And Cain spoke with his brother Abel, and they were in the field, and Cain rose up and struck his brother Abel and killed him": for "Abel" took "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep "Cain" criticised Abel for "killing life" for the pleasure of Yahweh, and for not receiving Yahweh's pleasure and blessing, because "killing life The sacrifice was the opposite of what Yahweh had said in Genesis, and was contrary to Yahweh's teaching of loving life, and Abel should have changed his ways. "Abel disagreed with Cain, who saw that Abel was being unreasonable and showed himself The devil's demonic nature of "killing life" was so great that he killed Abel in order to prevent more lives from dying at his hands and to prevent Abel from committing more sins. "Abel" was killed. (4) "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": this was because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". This shows that the LORD rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of the Book of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice them" to the LORD are under the LORD's special protection.

4. "9:4 But if the flesh has blood on it, that is its life, you shall not eat it": (1) This means that "as long as the flesh does not have blood on it, that means it has no life, and you may eat it", which is a deliberate excuse for you to eat the flesh. "This is a "test" to see how far you have come in your wisdom. If you believe this, you will become a meat-eating devil. (2) "Flesh with blood, that is its life" is a deliberate misleading statement by the LORD to see how wise you are. Consider this: Is meat not life? Where does flesh come from? Flesh is born of blood, and blood and flesh are closely intertwined as one. "The blood is its life," and the flesh is its life. Therefore, meat "you shall not eat", for flesh and blood are one in close communion, not that meat is not its life. (3) Flesh is born of blood, and both flesh and blood are its life. You shall not eat flesh, for eating flesh is an act of cruelty to life, a practice of the devil. To be a "righteous man", you must not eat meat. Eating meat is an act of the "unrighteous", and they will be punished.

5. "9:5 I will condemn him who sheds your blood, whether he is a beast or a man, and I will condemn him, even to his brothers": (1) It is not only "I will condemn him who sheds your blood, whether he is a beast or a man, who harms your life". The LORD will condemn him who sheds the blood of animals, and whoever you kill, for the LORD has ordained that man should eat crops and fruits and vegetables and not meat. (2) "1:26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over the cattle of the earth, and over all the earth, and over every insect that creeps upon it": indicating that man is a steward of the earth, indicating that each person has a God-given mission in life and is responsible for making "The fish of the sea, the birds of the air, the livestock of the earth, and all the earth, and all the insects that crawl on it": this means that man is a steward of the earth, that he has a God-given mission in life, and that he is responsible for making the village of the earth vibrant and colourful, by making the fish of the sea, the birds of the air, the livestock of the earth, and all the earth, and all the insects that crawl on it, live together in harmony, and live out their lives (without being attacked and dying). (4) "The fish of the sea, the birds of the air, the livestock of the earth, and all the earth and all the insects that crawl on it" are all pets in the household of man and are the common property of the global village. Anyone who kills an animal is a criminal who appropriates public property.

6. "9:6 Whosoever sheddeth the blood of man, by man shall his blood be shed; for God created man in his own image": (1) "For God created man in his own image" means that what we are as men, the God of heaven is as we are (1) "For God created man in his own image": (2) "For as we are, so are the gods of heaven. There is no difference between the appearance of man and the God of heaven, except that the realm of thought is very different. (2) Man is made in the image of the God of heaven, and every man is an "angel or Christ", but he has not received "Christ's education" and his state of mind is far different from that of the "angel or Christ". (3) "For God has made all men in the form of angels and Christ. (3) "For as God created man in his own image", so the LORD created the animals in the image of the animals in heaven. Therefore, whoever sheds the blood of an animal, his blood will also be shed by the animal.

7. "9:7 You shall bring forth a multitude, and prosper and flourish on the earth": (1) You shall not only bring forth a multitude of children, but you shall also bring them to the LORD's correction, so that they may become Christ, and this is the true prosperity and flourishing on the earth of men. (2) Although you will have many sons and daughters, none of them have received the LORD's correction, none of them have the wisdom to know right from wrong, they have been misled by Satan and do not know it; they do not hear what the LORD says is the "opposite", and they do not think, they just follow what the LORD says is the "opposite". "They are not able to hear what the LORD has said, and they do not think, but do what the LORD has said, and they are not able to achieve true prosperity on earth.

8-9, "9:8 And God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying, 9:9 I have made a covenant with you and with your descendants": (1) In fact, in the previous chapters, and here, Yahweh has been "making a covenant" to mankind. (2) The "covenant" is very detailed, but in the form of "parables, metaphors and antitheses", not directly. The purpose is to enlighten people and make them think, which is the difference between the LORD and the devil. (3) The devil is the one who makes people think about Yahweh and cannot do anything without Yahweh. There is no chance for people to become Christ, it is all about making people Yahweh's minions in word and deed.

10. "9:10 And make a covenant with every living creature that is here with you, the birds, the cattle, and the beasts, every living creature that came out of the ark": (1) "Every living creature that is here, the birds, the cattle, and the beasts," are "the living creatures that came out of the ark". (2) The "living creatures that came out of the ark" are those who have been taught by the LORD "the infallible way to make Christians into Christ", that is, the LORD has "made a covenant" for you. (3) As long as you keep the LORD's teaching (the five commandments), you have not "broken the covenant" and you will live forever in the kingdom of heaven. If you stop keeping the LORD's teachings (not killing, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, not drinking), you have "broken the covenant" and will go to hell.

11. "9:11 I have made a covenant with you that no flesh and blood will be destroyed by a flood, nor will a flood destroy the earth": (1) "Cain" killed "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep (1) "Cain" killed "Abel", his brother, who took "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" as an offering to the LORD, and such a man as "Cain" was "flesh and blood", a "righteous man" who upheld the LORD's regulations from being destroyed by the devil. The "righteous" who uphold the rules of the Lord from being broken by the devil. (2) Jesus was "flesh and blood" when he rebuked the Jewish community as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". Any Christian who does not speak and act as Jesus did is "flesh and blood", a walking corpse, a Judaizer in the guise of Christianity, and the devil incarnate. (3) Those who are courageous, those who are righteous, those who sacrifice themselves for others, those who stand up for justice, those who expose "falsehood and ugliness" are "flesh and blood", those who are "righteous". Those who, under the guise of Christianity, do not allow Christians to become Christ, but make them the "lambs" of their shepherding, are the opposite of "righteous", "unrighteous" and "hypocrites". "They are all "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and are all devils in disguise. (4) The word "flood" is a "metaphor" for "the unbridled delusions of men and their actions and words that break the rules of the Lord". The "unfettered delusion of men and the breaking of Jehovah's ordinances" is "Satan's indoctrination". (5) "The unrestrained delusion of men and their breaking of the word and deeds prescribed by the Lord" is the "flood", and the first to be exterminated by the "flood" is himself, for he has become The first to be exterminated by the "flood" is himself, for he becomes "Satan's for a while" and will be punished by Yahweh. (6) The "flesh and blood" righteous man is Christ, for Christ has broken the Satanic teaching of the world, which is the opposite of Jehovah's teaching, that is, the control of the "flood", so that they "will no longer be exterminated by the flood, nor will there be any more The flood will not destroy the earth".

Genesis 9: The rainbow as a sign (9:12-23)
12. "9:12 And God said, "My everlasting covenant with you and with every living creature here is a sign": (1) "Flesh and blood" is the "living creature (1) "Flesh and blood" is the "living creature". The various "righteous" are "every living creature", those who have been taught by Noah, the "every living creature" that came out of Noah's ark. (2) The inheritance of Jehovah's teaching and the breaking of Satan's teaching; the proof of one's inheritance of Jehovah's teaching by the words and deeds of the breaking of Satan's teaching; this is the "everlasting covenant, the sign of Jehovah with you and with every living creature that is here with you". (2) With the words and deeds of "Cain" who killed "Abel", a "living creature of flesh and blood", there is "an everlasting covenant and a sign from Yahweh ". "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD gave Cain a sign, lest any man should meet him and kill him". (3) Jesus rebuked Judaism as "woe to the scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", and Jesus was crucified and became the living Christ of heaven, the first and foremost religion of the world; this is the "everlasting covenant, the sign" that the LORD had "made.

13. "9:13 I put the rainbow in the cloud, and it was a sign of my covenant with the earth": (1) The rainbow in the cloud is Jehovah's "sign of the covenant with the earth". (2) In the face of Cain's words and actions in killing Abel, "4:15 The LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him". Such a man as "Cain" was the rainbow that the LORD "put in the clouds", for "Cain" revealed Christ's "compassion for the weak, his support for the weak, and his hatred of evil". He was a man of God who was "compassionate to the weak, a helper of the weak, a pityer of the poor, a hater of evil, a seeker of righteousness, and a destroyer of violence". Jesus' rebuke of the Jewish community as "woe to the scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders" is in the same realm as "Cain", and thus Jesus is the sign of the covenant with the earth that Yahweh "put the rainbow in the clouds". (3) The ancient Noah, because of the fact that he was a man of God, was a man of God. (3) The ancient Noah, who became the first "missionary" in the Western world, not only saved many people from the flood, but also became the Christ, for which Noah is celebrated in Genesis to this day, is the LORD who "put the rainbow in the clouds". (4) You are a righteous man who protects the LORD's rules from the devil, the LORD makes the "righteous" the focus of his protection, this is the LORD "putting the rainbow in the clouds", this is the LORD and the righteous on earth This is how the LORD "puts the rainbow in the clouds", and this is how the LORD "makes a sign of the covenant" with the righteous on earth. (5) He who cultivates his "inner breath" to the point of "three flowers and five energies" has a rainbow in the sky. If he is brave enough to break the devil's magic and reveal his heavenly nature as "one with God", he will become the Christ, and the LORD will let him become a "missionary", and he will be the rainbow in the clouds, which is the LORD's "sign of the covenant with the earth". a sign of the LORD's "covenant with the earth."]

14. "9:14 When I make the clouds cover the earth, a rainbow will appear in the clouds": (1) "When the clouds cover the earth" means when the rain nourishes the earth, when all things come into being. If there were no "clouds covering the earth", there would be no rain to nourish the earth, and everything would not be able to flourish. The "clouds cover the earth" is a metaphor for the spread of the LORD's teaching to "make Christians into Christ" on the earth. (2) The "time when the clouds cover the earth" is the time when the LORD sent a man like Noah to spread the teaching of "making Christians into Christ" among the people. Noah, the "missionary", is the "rainbow now in the clouds". (3) After the first "cloudy time" in the Western world, the book of Genesis was soon under siege by Satan, and the "Jewish classics" such as Exodus and Leviticus were used to misinterpret Genesis. Another "time of cloud cover" came when the Western world saw the overthrow of Jesus from the "Old Testament era". The Jesus who overthrew Judaism and established Christianity is the "rainbow now in the clouds". (4) The Christianity of Jesus is the Ark of Jesus. The Confucianism of Confucius is the Ark of Confucius. The Buddhism of Sakyamuni is the Ark of Sakyamuni. The Taoism of Lao Tzu. It is Lao Tzu's Ark. The Islam of Muhammad, is the Ark of Muhammad. The Middle Heaven religion of the Lamb, is the Lamb's Ark.

15. "9:15 Then I remembered the covenant I made with you and with every living creature of flesh and blood, and the waters will no longer flood and destroy everything that has flesh and blood": (1) "every living creature of flesh and blood", that is, those who do not break the rules set by Yahweh The "righteous", the Christ like "Cain, Noah and Jesus". (2) The "covenant with every living creature of flesh and blood" is the "infallible law that makes a Christian a Christ". (3) Whoever of you is "every living creature of flesh and blood", whoever is a "righteous person" who upholds the rules established by the LORD from being broken, has the LORD's "covenant with every living creature of flesh and blood Whoever is a "righteous person" who upholds the LORD's rules from being broken, has the LORD's "covenant with every living creature of flesh and blood" and will be "remembered" by the LORD, so that Satan's indoctrination (the flood) will no longer flood and will not "destroy everything that has flesh and blood. (4) Satan's indoctrination, like a flood, can only destroy the "unrighteous" who do not obey the rules laid down by the LORD. The "unrighteous" who do not obey the rules set by the LORD are fleshless, dead things, walking corpses, and a flood of water that destroys them first.

16. "9:16 Now the rainbow will be in the clouds, and when I see it, I will remember my eternal covenant with every living creature of flesh and blood on the earth": (1) The "rainbow" hangs down from heaven to earth and is used as a metaphor for the only way for man to return to heaven. It is the key to the eternal kingdom of heaven, the key to death and to Sheol, the key to the bottomless pit," as the Book of Revelation puts it. It is the "infallible way for Christians to become Christ". (2) When the LORD sees "every living creature of flesh and blood", that is, a "righteous man" who does not break the rules laid down by the LORD, the LORD "will remember the everlasting covenant made with him" and will give him "a sign". He will "mark" him and guide him into the ark of the age, so that he may become Christ in this life and realize the kingdom of eternal life.

17. "9:17 And God said to Noah, "This is the sign of my covenant with every flesh and blood creature on earth": (1) "Flesh and blood creatures" means those who have "compassion for the weak, support the weak and have compassion for the poor, are cynical about evil, are courageous in righteousness and (1) The "flesh and blood" is the "righteous man" who has "compassion for the weak, helps the weak and the poor, hates evil, does righteousness, does justice, removes violence", the Christ like "Cain, Noah and Jesus". Because "flesh and blood" are "righteous" who uphold Yahweh's rules and do not break them, Yahweh "made a covenant and a sign with every flesh and blood creature on earth", and they are all Christ who can They are all Christ who can return to the Kingdom of Heaven. (2) The opposite of "flesh and blood" is "flesh and bloodless", that is, the confused who are "numb-minded, who do not know right from wrong, who do not know the difference between truth and falsehood, who take falsehood for truth and right for wrong". It is the "lukewarm water, neither cold nor hot" of which Jesus speaks in the Book of Revelation. (3) Revelation 3:16 You are like warm water, neither cold nor hot; therefore I will spit you out of my mouth". You are indifferent to the demons that are corrupting Christianity, and you have not developed the general attitude of being "one with God" to expose them, you have become "lukewarm water, neither cold nor hot "You are a "fleshless thing", a "man of iniquity". The LORD will not "make a covenant and a sign" with a devil like you.

9:18 The sons of Noah who came out of the ark were Shem, Ham and Japheth. Ham was the father of Canaan.
9:19 These were the three sons of Noah, and their descendants were scattered throughout the land.
9:20 And Noah became a farmer, and planted a vineyard.
21. "9:21 And he drank of the wine of the garden and became drunk, and was naked in his tent": (1) This is a "test question" from the LORD, and if you believe it, you are "blind without ears (2) Noah became the Christ. (2) Noah sailed Noah's ark after he became the Christ, so he must have known what commandments were not to be broken, and he could not have been unaware that "drinking wine is a transgression". (3) Revelation 14:19 Then the angel threw his sickle to the ground and collected the grapes of the earth and cast them into the great vat of God's wrath": (1) "the great vat of God's wrath", because wine is a true obsession and makes people crazy, and it is one of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame and love). It is the first of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame and love), and so the "great vat", the instrument for making wine, is "a vat of God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to the Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (2) "And he took the grapes of the earth and cast them into the great vat of God's wrath", which means that "wine" is a source of "God's wrath" and that grapes are also a source of "God's wrath" if they are used to make wine. "God's wrath". If the grapes are used to make wine, they are also a source of "God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (c) Anyone who does not know Jesus' "commandment to abstain from wine" and any Christian who drinks is not a true Christian, but a devil who comes from within to corrupt Christianity under the guise of Christianity. (d) The Christian people, because the "Last Supper" has the words "drink the juice of the vine" and there is no explicit rule of "abstinence from wine", have caused the demons of wine to flourish in Christianity. "The angel threw his sickle to the ground", and the Middle Ages gave the Christian "commandment" to "abstain from wine". (4) Noah was "naked in his tent", a "test" left to his sons to see how they would handle the matter.

22. "9:22 When the father of Canaan, Ham, saw that his father was naked, he went outside and told his two brothers": this shows that the three brothers were on friendly terms and that the family was harmonious.
23. "9:23 Then Shem and Japheth took a garment and put it on their shoulders, and went in backwards and covered his father, and they could not see his nakedness with their backs turned": (1) This is a command not to be "naked". This is a warning to the world to be "ashamed" and to know what "shame" is. To have "shame" and to know what "shame" is is the minimum sign of being a human being. This is the difference between a human being and a beast. Those who have no shame and do not know what shame is are animals. (2) This is the explicit rule that one is not allowed to look at the "pubic area" (genitals). It means that one must know "shame" and have "shame". (3) If there is something wrong with the father, as a junior, you should take the initiative to correct the father's mistakes without alerting him and make up for his mistakes. This is the "filial obedience" that a son should show to his father. (4) This is part of the Chinese "Three Principles and Five Rules, Five Rites and Eight Virtues".

Genesis 9: Cursed in Canaan (9:24-29)
24. "9:24 Noah woke up from his wine and knew what his youngest son had done to him": (1) This is a deliberate "test" by Yahweh to mislead you, to see your wisdom and realm. (2) Noah did not drink wine, nor did he "sober up", but after he had sobered up. (3) It was not "what the youngest son did to him", his youngest son was "Japheth". It was "Ham", the brother of the younger son "Japheth", who did the deed to him. (4) This is something the LORD has deliberately kept you from understanding. See if you know that this is a "word block"? If you go into religion and don't go out sober, you will take all the "scriptures" as "doctrine to be followed" and you will become "blind without ears".

25. "9:25 Then he said, "Cursed be Canaan, and he shall be a slave to his brothers": (1) "When Canaan's father Ham saw that his father was naked, he went outside and told his two brothers; so Shem and Japheth took a garment and put it on their shoulders, and went in backwards and covered his father "When Noah awoke, instead of praising "Ham, the father of Canaan", he said, "Cursed be Canaan, who will be a slave to his brothers". Does this not mean that Noah was "deranged"? (2) Before that, "he drank of the wine of the garden and became drunk, and was naked in his tent", does this not mean that Noah was "insane"? (3) Noah was not "deranged" and did not do these "abnormal" words or actions. If you believe this, you will imitate Noah in "drinking" and you will be "tested" as a devil and a drunkard. (4) As soon as you drink, you will behave like Noah, who was "blind to right and wrong, and repaying evil with kindness". When you drink, the alcohol anesthetizes your nervous system and you become possessed by the devil, who will dominate your thinking and use your mouth and limbs to do things you would not do if you had not been drinking.

26. "9:26 And he said, The God of the LORD Shem is to be praised; may Canaan be Shem's slave": (1) "The God of the LORD Shem is to be praised", "The LORD became the God of Shem alone "This means that Shem was the first to receive the "iron scepter" of the LORD and used it the most, so that Shem became the one trusted by the LORD. Shem was trusted by Yahweh and was the only person who would succeed Noah in the Ark. This is what Shem should be praised for. (2) "May Canaan be Shem's slave", Noah wanted his grandson, Canaan, to be Shem's slave, leaving his father, Shem. Noah wanted his grandson, Canaan, to be Shem's slave, to leave his father, Ham, and study with Shem, because "the Lord God of Shem", "Shem" was "Noah's" grandson. Shem" was the "captain of Noah's ark" after the retirement of "Noah".

27. "9:27 May God expand Japheth and make him dwell in Shem's tent, and may Canaan be his slave": (1) The LORD "expanded Japheth and made him dwell in Shem's tent", not that the LORD allowed the younger brother to seize the older brother's "It was the younger brother, Japheth, who took the place of the older brother, Shem, and became "captain of Noah's ark (2) "And may Japheth be the captain of Noah's ark. (2) "And he wished Canaan to be his slave" means that after "Japheth" became "captain of Noah's ark", "Canaan "After Japheth became the captain of Noah's ark, Canaan left Shem to be Japheth's servant and to follow Japheth in his studies. (3) Do you see what I mean? The meaning of these two paragraphs is: after Noah retired in old age, "Shem" became "the captain of Noah's ark" and "Canaan" became "Shem's" servant. "Shem became the captain of Noah's ark after Noah retired and Canaan became Shem's slave; Japheth expanded the area where he preached the law beyond his brother Shem, who retired and his brother "Japheth took the place of his brother Shem as "captain of Noah's ark", and Canaan left Canaan" left "Shem" and went to be "Japheth's" servant. "When Japheth reached the age of retirement, Canaan was able to steer the ark that they had built over three generations. (4) Thus, this was the earliest system of "retirement and renewal". This means that the "retirement and renewal system" was in place as early as the time of Noah's Ark. (5) This was not the "election and democracy" of today's Western world, but a family system of employing people, which was necessary for a period of time (the early years). After the initial period, when indoctrination was firmly established, "election and democracy" could be used.

28-29. "9:28 After the flood, Noah lived another 350 years. 9:29 Noah lived a total of 950 years and died": (1) This is all "word-blocking" by Yahweh. See how much wisdom you have. (2) "Three hundred and fifty years" (350), minus the final zero, "thirty-five years" (35). (3) "Nine hundred and fifty years" (950), remove the last 0 and "ninety-five years" (95). (4) After the flood, Noah lived another 35 years. Noah lived a total of 95 years before he died.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 18 Aug 2017 16:18 19 Aug 2017 16:44am Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province


 ()



