Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 11) The Angel of the Lamb Trampling the Holy City
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 11: The Holy City is Trampled (11:1-6)
27-11:1, "11:1 A reed was given to me as a staff for measuring, and the word was given to me: arise and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and all who worship in the temple": (1) "A reed was given to me", which means to know what is "You do not know what kind of person is Christ, and you do not know what a "reed" (false son) is. Only when you know that to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the unique "Christ's indoctrination", and that anything else is Satan's indoctrination, do you know what it is? You know what a "reed" (false son) is. Knowing that to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the unique "indoctrination of Christ", and that anything different from it is the indoctrination of Satan, you have received the "rod of measure" (the staff of measure). The staff of measure" (the measuring stick). (2) Measure the height and width of the "temple of God" in heaven, which means to know "how high the heavens are". The "altar" was an earthen platform or platform above the level of the earth for worshipping the gods and praying for blessings. To measure the height of the altar is to know how thick the earth is. (3) To measure the "temple of the gods and the altar" is to know the "height of the sky", and if one does not know the "height of the sky", then one does not have a "measuring tape If one does not know the "height of the heavens", one does not have a "measuring tape". "A reed was given to me as a staff for measuring" is a "measuring tape". If there is no "measuring stick", one does not know "the height of the sky". (4) The "measuring stick" is to know that "those who learn Christianity are beings, but Christ is not learning Christianity, and if you want to become a Christian, you cannot learn Christianity". If you do not have this idea and concept, you will not know what you are doing, you will not be able to orient yourself, and you will be like a "headless madman", talking nonsense without boundaries. You will refuse to get off the "boat" (Christianity, sects) and you will die on the "boat" because you do not know where the "other shore" is (you will be in monasticism until you die. This is a manifestation of dying on a "boat"). Those who do not know what "the dharma of nothing and the dharma of something, the dharma boat and the other shore, the eyes like a flame, the two-edged sword in the mouth and the iron sceptre" are all dharma slaves who do not have a "measuring tape" and do not know what the sky is like.
(5) "Measure all who worship in the temple" means to know the difference between "Christ and Christians". If you don't know the difference between Christ and Christians, you don't have a "measuring tape" and you don't know "the height of heaven", so you will be ranting and raving and practising blindly. If you do not know the difference between "the sky and the earth", you will not know the "sky and the earth", and you will be practising blindly. (6) "A reed was given to me as a measuring stick", which is a metaphor for a person who learns with humility and remains unchanged until death. The "measuring stick" is a gift from the "Lamb from the land of the rising sun" (the Chinese Patriarch Bai Yang) to Christians in Western countries. "measuring tape". Christians who do not recognise the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation will not only fail to receive the "measuring tape", but will also become ghosts in a bottomless pit.

27-11:2, "11:2 Only the courtyard outside the temple shall be left without measure, for it is given to the Gentiles; and they shall trample on the holy city for forty-two months": (1) "The courtyard outside the temple shall be left without measure", indicating that if you do not have If you do not have a "measuring tape", if you do not know the "height of the heavens", and if you do not know the difference between "Christ and Christian", you will not become "Christ "You will not know how wide the "courtyard outside the temple" is, which means that you are a narrow-minded and narrow-minded person, and that you are a Christian who slanders all denominations as "unholy". (2) "For it was given to the Gentiles" shows that you in the West do not know the difference between "Christ and Christians", that you do not have a "measuring stick" and that you do not have the breadth of mind to know the difference between "Christ and Christians". It means that you do not have a "measuring tape" or a broad mind to know how wide the "courtyard outside the temple" is. The "Gentiles" are more well-grounded, broad-minded and well-rounded than you, "frogs in the well of the world, who are blinded by a single leaf and who praise themselves for their destruction". This "Gentile" is the "Lamb from the Land of the Rising Sun" (the Chinese Baisang Patriarch).
(3) The exact origin of the name of Jerusalem is not known with certainty. In Hebrew, the name Yelushalaim can be understood as a compound of yelusha (heritage) and shalom (peace). Another more common interpretation is that it combines the names of two Biblical cities: Jebus and Salem (meaning 'peace'). The name Salem appears in Genesis 14 as the residence of Melchizedek, the high priest, who blessed Abraham's arrival there. Jerusalem means 'cornerstone' or 'city', and Salem means peace, hence the name 'city of peace'. In Arabic, the name Jerusalem means holy place and is preceded by the article become, referring specifically to the holy city of Jerusalem. Likewise, the word for house, dwelling, meaning holy (person), holy (person), when taken together, means the Holy City of Jerusalem, which literally means the house of the saints, the Holy Land. (4) Quote: Satan, through his agents, succeeded in having the Gentiles invade the Church and in making these Gentiles of pagan faith the leaders of the Church (the Pope and the Catholics he represented), hence the prophecy that "Jerusalem will be trampled by the Gentiles". The prophecy that "Jerusalem will be trampled by the Gentiles" was made because "Jerusalem is being trampled by the Gentiles to this day", because they are not really "Israelites", because they have not "wrestled with God and men and won". "They were Christians who "sang hymns and prayers", and none of them became "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron". So, to this day, the holy city of Jerusalem has been trampled on by "Gentiles other than Israelites". (5) Because of their "Israelite nationality" they regard themselves as "Israelites" who "have wrestled with God and with men and have won". This is a great shame on the "Israelites" because of their ignorance! It is a shame for the nation that they are not ashamed of themselves, but are proud of themselves without shame.
(6) "They will trample on the holy city" means that the True Exposition of the Revelation of the Lamb has reached the "holy city" and has overturned everyone's perceptions. The Church's edification was overturned by the True Exposition of the Revelation, and the Church's edification was "trampled on by the Lamb like the feet of bright brass". (7) The "forty-two months" was a period of three and a half years, the culmination of the study of the Apocalypse by the people of Jerusalem.

27-11:3, "11:3 I will make my two witnesses, clothed in woolen garments, preach for 1,260 days": (1) "The two witnesses" are the "lambs" who testify to the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation. (1) The "two witnesses" were the disciples of the "Lamb" who witnessed the True Exposition of Revelation. (2) It is not true that they were "dressed in woolen garments", for the "Lamb" had "fleece" (disciples), so that there were bearers and masters of the mantle who wore "woolen garments and woolen sweaters (2) "Preach a thousand sermons. (2) "Preach for 1,260 days", like a "visiting professor", where he is responsible for solving problems and answering questions.
27-11:4, "11:4 They are the two olive trees, the two lampstands, which stand before the Lord of the world": (1) The olive is a famous tree with a long history in the world, olive oil has a history of thousands of years in the Mediterranean countries and is known in the West as "liquid It has been known in the West for thousands of years as "liquid gold, the queen of vegetable oils, the Mediterranean manna", due to its excellent natural health and beauty benefits and its ideal culinary use. It is the only woody vegetable oil in the world that is available in its natural state for human consumption. (2) The Bible's "Noah's Ark": Noah and his wife were so happy that they first released a pair of doves from the boat into the blue sky to give them freedom. But shortly afterwards, the doves returned with a bright green olive branch, which seemed to be a message: the earth had come back to life, and everything was at peace! Since then, the olive branch has become synonymous with 'peace' and the dove has been called the 'messenger of peace' and is known as the 'dove of peace'. Today, in some countries, there is always a shaking of an olive branch or the release of a dove of peace as a sign of friendship. The emblem of the United Nations also features a pair of olive branches holding the Earth. (3) The 'two olive trees' are two people who spread the 'great values' of peace and friendship. (4) The "two lampstands" are messengers of light who shine through darkness and foolishness. (5) The "Lord of the World" is the one who will inaugurate the "Last Judgement and the Wedding of the Lamb" after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, and who will preside over the White Sun of the world.

27-11:5, "11:5 If anyone tries to harm them, a fire will come out of their mouths and consume their enemies; and everyone who tries to harm them will be killed in this way": (1) "A fire will come out of their mouths and consume their enemies", indicating that they have the power to consume (1) "A fire came out of their mouths and burned up their enemies", which shows that they have the ardent righteousness to burn up evil, to break the enlightenment, and to subdue demons. (2) "Everyone who wants to harm them will be killed in this way", e.g.: those who want to harm them with guns and bullets will instead be killed by the bullets.
27-11:6, "11:6 These two have authority to shut up the heavens from rain in the day of their preaching; and they have authority to turn the waters into blood, and to strike the world with every plague at any time and at will": (1) "These two have authority", being under God's (1) "These two men had authority", having been appointed by God the Father to preach the law. (2) "In the days when they preached, the sky was closed and it did not rain", this is a metaphor, not really "it did not rain", it means that there is no interference from outside, no one can interfere, and all those who are destined can know and hear the "Baiyang Dharma It means that no one can be interfered with, and that all those who have the right can know and hear the "Baiyang Dharma" and realise the "Baiyang Dharma and universal sentient beings. (3) "There is also the power to turn water into blood", which is also a metaphor, and "water" is wisdom. This is a metaphor for the water of the mouth that speaks of the "Baiyang Dharma", in exchange for the bloodline of the "Baiyang Dharma". This means that the lineage of the Baiyang Dharma has been passed on here. (4) The phrase "all kinds of calamities attack the world" is an inverted phrase, which means that to attack the world for inappropriate words and actions that produce "all kinds of calamities" because of randomness and lack of observance of rules is to It is a way of correcting many of the misconceptions and blind spots of monasticism by promoting the teaching of "making Christians into Christians" through the words and deeds of "only preaching the law of insight and breaking down evil sects in the world". By opening people's eyes and increasing their wisdom, it avoids the occurrence of calamities caused by "wrong as right and false as true" and reduces the chances of "all kinds of calamities attacking the world".

Revelation 11: The bodies fall in the street (11:7-8)
27-11:7, "11:7 And when they have finished their testimony, the beast that came up out of the bottomless pit will make war with them, and will overcome and kill them": (1) They tell the story of the infallible indoctrination of "making Christians into Christ" and (1) They tell the reason for the "five religions as one", and the time when they have finished testifying to the "white sun of the Lamb". (2) The "beasts that came up from the bottomless pit" are sinful souls who have served their time in hell and who, in life, were highly visible "fathers and priests". The more they were known in Christianity, the greater their influence, the greater their sin. Their "words, deeds and practices" (e.g. hymns and prayers, various church systems and doctrines; the founder of a sect) are still being handed down and practised by Christians as "doctrine" today, which means that they are still misleading and harmful to the public. (3) "That which has never been done is the same as that which has never been done. (3) "The beast that comes up out of the bottomless pit will fight against them and win, and kill them" is a reversal of the ancient doctrine of the words and deeds of the "popes, fathers and priests", which have been handed down to this day, because their words and deeds do not allow "Christians to become Christ". (3) The magic of "Christians becoming Christ". (4) This means that the "last judgment, the end time judgment" has begun in full force.

27-11:8, "11:8 And their bodies fell in the streets of the great city, which is spiritually called Sodom, and Egypt, where their Lord was crucified": (1) After the man "in the jumper" had preached in Jerusalem on the Bible (1) After the "trampling" of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation by those "clothed in wool" in Jerusalem, the people of the holy city were enlightened, and many had "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in their right hand, two-edged sword in their mouth, face like a blazing sun, hating the Nicolaitans, having received the iron sceptre of They knew that the "fathers and priests", who were so well known in history, were in reality "the incarnation of Satan" who had corrupted the "teaching of Christ". "It was in this way that "their bodies" were "poured out in the streets of the great city" to be spat upon. (2) Sodom was a sexually open city where male lust was indulged in, where homosexuality was not taboo, where there was no human morality, where lust was widespread and where lust was rampant. Genesis 19:24 Then the LORD sent down brimstone and fire from the LORD in heaven with Sodom and Gomorrah, and destroyed those cities and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, even those growing on the earth. (3) A place where there is no wisdom, where demons and evil spirits "blaspheme and blot out" justice and morality, and where there is no human decency and morality, will eventually be put to death by heavenly beings, "a city called Sodom according to the spirit. (4) The word "Egypt" means a place of great sorrow for doing what one wants to do, for acting against heaven, for bringing about one's own destruction. (5) The "fathers and priests" who are so well known in history are in fact Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, "their Lord", a demon like Satan. The "place of crucifixion" of Jesus in the past is today the place where they, "Satanic demons", have been eliminated by God. (6) They murdered Jesus here, and today the messenger of the Lamb avenges him in this form. This is the cosmic law that "good and evil are rewarded". This is the "Last Judgement, the Last Judgement" presided over by the "Lamb".

Revelation 11: Three and a half days of resurrection (11:9-14)
27-11:9, "11:9 From every people, tribe, and tongue, and every nation, their bodies were seen for three and a half days, and their bodies were not allowed to be laid in the graves": (1) "from every people, tribe, and tongue, and every nation", indicating (1) "From every people, tribe, tongue, and nation", which shows that the "Baiyang correction" of the "Lamb" was global and not a small group at all; it shows that the "Last Judgment" was a global event. (2) It is not true that the "viewing of their bodies for three and a half days" is a metaphor for the fact that in a short period of time people knew that they (the "Fathers and priests", who are well known in history) were the "incarnation of Satan", which was reviled by everyone. (3) "And they were not allowed to put their names on the list. (3) "And they were not allowed to put their bodies in the tombs", indicating that they were "abandoned in the wilderness" without resting place because of the wrath of God. (4) The ancient demons will be judged in the "last days" of the world, after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, and will suffer the judgement and retribution they deserve.
27-11:10, "11:10 And those who dwell on the earth rejoiced and were glad for them, and gave gifts to one another, because these two prophets had afflicted those who dwell on the earth": (1) "These two prophets" were "Gentiles in (1) "These two prophets" were Gentiles "in woolen garments", messengers sent by "the Lamb" to "trample down" Jerusalem. (2) The reason for the "suffering of those who dwell on the earth" is that it is as painful to have them accept the "five religions of the family" of the Middle Kingdom and to correct the false traditions and blindness that have been handed down for over a thousand years as it is to have the "sores" removed. It is as painful as removing a "poisonous sore" and requires great courage to overcome the "demonic barrier and the barrier of knowledge". (3) Those who receive the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation of the Middle Kingdom are "those who dwell on the earth" for the first time. For the first time, the "earth-dweller" has abandoned the "indoctrination of the faithful" under the guise of Christianity, escaped from Satan's cave, and accepted the indoctrination of becoming "a man whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright bronze, and who has received a rod of iron. The indoctrination of the "Christ" had caused them to "suffer". However, they were fortunate enough to know the truth at the Last Judgement, so that "they rejoiced and gave gifts to one another". (4) Those who have received the "unity of the three religions, the five religions, and the return of the mother to her roots" of the Zhongtian religion, the Baiyang religion, are the second "earth dwellers". The second time the "earth dwellers" abandon the ugly Christian idea that "there is only one true God and all other sects are unholy", there will be temporary "suffering". However, they were fortunate enough to encounter the "White Sun Buddhism" and to learn many unheard of truths, so that "they rejoiced and gave gifts to one another".

27-11:11, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "11:10 All the world rejoiced at the death of the two prophets, because the prophets rebuked their sins, called them to repentance, and said that judgment was coming. Sinful people abhor those who remind them of their sins and urge them to repent. They hate Christ and his followers (cf. 1 John 3:13). When you submit to Christ and confront sin, you will also provoke the world to hate you. But remember that the suffering you face today pales in comparison to the great reward of that day": (1) "The whole world rejoiced at the death of these two prophets", indicating that Satan does not want "prophets ", let alone Gentile "prophets" in "jumpers" recognized by Jerusalem. In fact, it was not the "two prophets" who died, but "the beast that came up from the bottomless pit", but the devil said that he was "rejoicing over the death of the two prophets". This is the devil's usual "bewitchment by falsehood". (2) It is not that "judgment is coming" at all, but that it has already begun. (3) "Sinful people hate those who remind them of their sins and urge them to repent" because people who are not sinful have become "poor sinners who have killed Christ" by entering Christianity; those who "remind them of their sins and urge them to repent Those who "remind them of their sins and urge them to repent", who do not allow Christians to become "Christ with eyes like a flame, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", but instead make them "confess their sins and repent", are They are all Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, and are all incarnations of the devil, Satan. (4) "They hated Christ and his followers" because they were rebuked as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". "Christ and his followers" never "reminded them of their sins and urged them to repent", but made them "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron (5) To become "Christ with eyes like a flame, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright bronze, and with a rod of iron. (5) To become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is to "obey Christ". You have become a "priest's lamb" who "sings hymns and prayers", a "poor sinner who has killed Christ", and you have "obeyed Satan ".

27-11:12, "11:11 And after these three days and a half, when anger had entered into them from God, they stood up; and those who saw them were terrified": (1) "After these three days and a half" means after a few days, a short period of time. It is not really "three and a half days". (2) "God" (Father, God, Allah, Mother) is the common mother of all gods and devils. They are the yin and yang of the Tao, both of which are "unborn, undying, undiminished and undefiled". "They are "the beasts that come up from the bottomless pit, their corpses". The fact that "there came into them anger from God, and they stood up" indicates that there are those who continue to pass on "Satan's indoctrination", and who regard "Christian indoctrination" as "Christ's indoctrination". (2) The "Christian indoctrination" is being promoted as "Christ's indoctrination". (3) Seeing that the "Christian teaching" (Satan's teaching), which had been overthrown by the "messenger of the Lamb" who was "clothed in a jumper", was being promoted again, "those who saw them were terrified". Those who saw them were afraid" because they knew that the "incarnation of Satan" was with them, had never left them, and would continue to be with them forever. (4) The various "incarnations of Satan" around us are the teachers and companions of "Christians becoming Christ", and without them the world would not have the wisdom to know right from wrong, and Christians would not be able to become Christ who would subdue demons.

27-11:13, "11:12 And the two prophets heard a great voice from heaven, saying to them, "Come up here! And they went up in the clouds into heaven, and their enemies saw them": (1) "And the two prophets heard a great voice from heaven, and said to them, Come up here", meaning: You have successfully completed your mission and can "return to heaven You have successfully completed your mission and can "return to heaven". (2) "So they went up in the clouds" and returned by air to the "land of the rising sun" and reported to the "Lamb" about the "forty-two months of trampling on the holy city and the 1,260 days of preaching". (3) The "Lamb" reported to the "Lamb" that "they had trampled the Holy City for forty-two months and preached for 1,260 days". (3) The Lamb, "their enemy", is "the beast that came up from the bottomless pit, their corpse", and is taking "Christian, Jewish, demonic indoctrination" for "Christian indoctrination". The "Christians" who promote "Christ's indoctrination". (4) The Lamb and "their enemies", that is, "God and the Buddha and the devil", are the yin and yang of the Tao, both "unborn, undying, undiminished, undefiled, undefiled". They are the yin and yang of the Way, both "unborn, undiminished, undiminished, undefiled, undefiled".
27-11:14, "11:13 And it came to pass in those days that the earth shook greatly, and the city fell down a tenth, and seven thousand died because of the earthquake; and the rest were afraid and gave glory to God in heaven": (1) The divine fax of the Word, which saves the wise "from darkness to light (1) The divine Word is sent down to save the wise from "turning from darkness to light"; and the hijacking is sent down to destroy the stubborn, the foolish, the wicked and the walking dead. This is the "way of robbery and surrender". (2) "Glory to the God of heaven" because "the God of heaven" is the sovereign of the universe and because "he who obeys heaven prospers and he who disobeys heaven perishes".
27-11:15, "11:14 The second plague is past, but the third is coming soon": the plague will come one after another.

Revelation 11 The seventh angel blows the trumpet (11:15-19)
27-11:16, "11:15 And the seventh angel blew the trumpet, and a great voice came from heaven, saying, The kingdoms of the world are become the kingdoms of my Lord and of Christ the Lord; and he shall reign forever and ever": (1) The "Christ the Lord" here is not Jesus, but "the Lamb". "My Lord and Christ the Lord" are "the Father, the Mother and the Lamb", not "the Father and Jesus". (2) "The kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our Lord and of Christ" because the Baiyang teaching of the "Lamb" has been accepted by the elite and has become the dominant international culture of "universal acceptance". (3) "He will be the Lord and the kingdom of Christ". (3) "He will reign forever and ever", because the Lamb has succeeded in creating the Baiyang world with the teachings of "three religions in one, five religions in one, all dharma in one, and mother to mother" (Baiyang Buddhism). It has become a truth that is universally accepted by wise people.
27-11:17, "11:16 And the twenty-four elders who sat on their seats before God fell on their faces to the ground and worshipped God, saying: (1) "The twenty-four elders who sat on their seats" is a metaphor for the many holy ones, all the holy ones. The reason for the use of "twenty-four" is to relate to the "twenty-four Chinese solar terms" and to show the "common ground" for the "five religions". common ground". (2) "bowing down to the ground and worshipping God" indicates that the "Heavenly Father and the Old Mother" are the common mother of all the gods and goddesses who gave birth to the universe and are the origin of the universe.

27-11:18, "11:17 We thank you, O Lord God Almighty, who was and is, for you! For you reign and reign": (1) "We thank you" because with you we have come into being. If it were not for you, there would be no us. If there is anything for which we are thankful, it is you, for it is you who have given birth and nurtured us. (2) In the days before the Lamb, the world was hindered by the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and did not have a sober mind or a vision. (3) Although "Christianity, Confucianism and Islam" and "Christianity, Confucianism and Islam" are not the same, they are not the same. (3) Although "Christianity and Islam" know that you are "the one true God, Allah", they all reject "Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism" and cannot avoid their own "fragmentation". "(4) "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism" are not the same as "Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism". (4) The disciples of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam do not have the fraternal idea of "one family, one mother, one root", which means that you have not really become "the one true God, God, the ruling king". (5) The Lamb (5) The Lamb has created the Bais Yang world with the Bais Yang religion of "five religions, one family, one mother, one root", and "the Lord God, the Almighty, who was and is" has become "This is the manifestation of the fact that "you have become the king of the five religions". (6) "You have become the king of the five religions", and we have all moved from "rejecting other religions" as "a frog at the bottom of a well" to "having five religions We have all gone from being "frogs in the bottom of the well" who "rejected other religions" to being wise people who have "five religions, one family, one mother and one root" and who think in terms of universal love.

27-11:19, "11:18 The wrath of the Gentiles has come, and your anger has come, and the time has come to judge the dead; and the time has come for your servants, the prophets and the saints, and for those who fear your name to be rewarded, both great and small; and the time has come for you to corrupt those who corrupt the world": (1) The "Gentiles" are nations other than Israel, "the nations of the Lamb in the land of the rising sun". The "foreign nations are angry" because the "Lamb of the land of the rising sun" is angry, because the "Lamb" is carrying out God's "teaching of the Lamb Anything that contradicts, slanders, or does not accept the "Lamb's teaching" (the five religions and the mother to the roots) will make the "Lamb angry" and the majority of those who accept the "Lamb's teaching" will also be angry. The majority of the Gentile nations who have accepted the "lamb's correction" will be angry. (2) The "wrath of the Gentiles" is the "wrath of the Lamb", and your (God's) wrath has come there. (3) "The time has come for the judgment of the dead" because in 2015 "the Lamb made Christians Christ's baiyan Buddhism" ended the "end times" of more than a thousand years and opened the "post-apocalyptic era". In 2015, the "Baiyang Buddhism of the Lamb making Christians into Christ" ended the thousand-year-old "End Times" and opened the "Post-End Times" (the era of Baiyang Buddhism). On April 4, 2017, the Lamb explained the Book of Revelation, and it became known as "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", which is the unique "indoctrination of Christ", and that the "fathers and priests", who are so well known in history, are actually corrupting the "fathers and priests". "This shows that the "Lamb", when interpreting the "Apocalypse", is the only one who has been able to do so. This means that the time has come for the "Lamb" to interpret the Book of Revelation, and for "the judgment of the dead". "The exposition of the Book of Revelation by the Lamb is a sign of the Last Judgment, the Last Judgment.
(4) "Your servants the prophets and the saints" are those who have come to God as Christ, who did not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" (with "He was not "the servant of God, the prophets and the saints". The "priest's lamb" who has become a "hymn and prayer singer" is a "minion of Satan" who has become a thief and a father. God's servants, the prophets and the saints". (5) He who has not become "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, and who has a rod of iron", has not become "an Israelite who wrestled with God and with men and prevailed", and who, though he has "the nationality of Israel", has "the nationality of Israel". Although they have "the nationality of Israel", they are "singing hymns and prayers" and are "ministers' lambs", that is, they have become "minions of Satan" who confess that they are the father of thieves. They are not at all "servants of God, the prophets and the saints".
(6) "All who fear your name" are "your servants, the prophets and the saints". Anyone who does not become "like Christ who came to God" is not a true "fearer of God's name". (7) Instead of Christians becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", Christians are made "priestly lambs" who "sing hymns and prayers". They are not only not "those who fear your name", but they are also those who blaspheme and abuse "your name" by their words and deeds, and are "Satan's sheep" who corrupt "Christ's teaching (7) The "incarnation of Satan" who corrupts the "teaching of Christ". (8) Anyone who does not believe in the Lamb's "three religions in one, five religions in one, and motherhood in one" Baisang teaching is not a "person who fears your name". (9) Those who believe in the Lamb's "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother" Bais Yang religion are all "those who fear your name" and are "rewarded with greatness and smallness".
(10) There are three kinds of "those who corrupt the world": those who break the commandments by "killing, stealing, prostitution and drunkenness", and those who take "Christian edification" for "Christian edification". "The other is those who do not believe in the Lamb's "three religions in one, five religions in one, and motherhood in one", the Baiyang religion. (11) For the "Last Judgment, the Last Judgment" has begun on 4 April 2017, and the time has come for you (God) to corrupt those who corrupt the world.

27-11:20, "11:19 At that time the temple of God in heaven was opened, and in his temple appeared the ark of his covenant, followed by lightning, voices, thunderbolts, earthquakes, and great hail": (1) "The temple of God in heaven was opened, and in his temple appeared the ark of his covenant", God's The "ark of the covenant" represents God's infallible indoctrination "to make Christians into Christ". In "Old Testament" times, those in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant" and presiding over God's indoctrination were the "Jewish priests", all incarnations of the devil, Satan. Jesus overthrew the "Old Testament" era and opened the "New Testament" era by calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". "The ark of the New Covenant" and the one who presides over God's teaching is "Jesus Christ". (2) After the death of Jesus and the cruel persecution of Christians, the "Catholic papacy" began during the reign of Constantine the Great (272-337), and to this day the person in charge of the "ark of the covenant" who presides over God's teaching is The "Nicolaitans, whom Jesus hated". (3) Since the "Last Judgement" began on 4 April 2017 with the Lamb's exposition of the Book of Revelation, the person in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant" and presiding over the divine correction is "The Lamb from the land of the rising sun". (4) You have nothing to do with the Lamb, you have not received the Lamb's teaching of "five religions, one family, one mother, one root", and you have not received God's teaching of the White Sun, you will not be protected by God, nor will you be able to go to heaven and live forever. You will sink and die in the subsequent "lightning, sound, thunder, earthquake and great hail".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 June 2017 22:04 pm 7 June Edited 23 July at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









