Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 30 Jacob deceives his maternal uncle
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 30 Two concubines bear children (30:1-24)
30:1 When Rachel saw that she did not give Jacob children, she was jealous of her sister, and said to Jacob, "Give me children, or I will die."
2. "30:2 And Jacob was angry with Rachel, saying, It is God who told you not to bear children; shall I reign in his stead?" : (1) Remember, everyone, this is the devil slandering and insulting the LORD. (2) Because you have done so much evil in your past life, you have driven out all others and left no one to live, and in this life you will be "barren and barren". Understand? Everyone has had more than one life, they have had countless past lives, but you don't know it now, you will know it when you become Christ.
30:3 And Rachel said, "Here is my ambassador Pella, that you may lie with her, and cause her to bear a son at my knee, and I will have children through her."
30:4 So Rachel gave her maid, Pella, to her husband as a concubine, and Jacob lay with her.
30:5 and she conceived and bore Jacob a son.
6. "30:6 And Rachel said, "God has done me injustice, and has heard my voice, and has given me a son. Therefore he called his name Dan (note: which means "to do justice")": (1) Remember, this is the devil compelling people under the guise of the LORD. (2) The fact that Rachel was pregnant and gave Jacob a son is not at all an injustice to you, "Rachel", or a son to you, but you think that the LORD has heard your voice and has given you an injustice. "You think that the Lord has heard your voice and has given you justice.
30:7 Rachel's daughter, Pella, conceived again and gave Jacob a second son.
30:8 Rachel said, "I have fought greatly against my sister and have prevailed." So she called his name Naphtali (note: meaning "contend").
30:9 When Leah saw that she had ceased to bear children, she gave Sephardic daughter to Jacob as a concubine.
30:10 And Zephaniah, Leah's maid, bore a son to Jacob.
30:11 Leah said, "Hooray!" So he called his name Gad (note: which means "fortunate").
30:12 And Sephardah, Leah's maid, gave Jacob a second son.
30:13 And Leah said, "Blessed am I, and all the women will call me blessed!" So she called his name Asher (note: which means "blessed").
30:14 When it was time to cut the wheat, Lupin went out into the field and found the windfalls, and brought them to his mother Leah. Rachel said to Leah, "Please give me some of your son's windfalls."
30:15 Leah said, "Is it a small thing that you have taken away my husband? And are you going to take away my son's windfalls?" Rachel said, "For your son's windfalls, that he may sleep with you this night."
16. "30:16 And it came to pass in the evening, when Jacob returned from the field, that Leah came out to meet him, saying, "Sleep with me, for I have indeed hired you out with the windfalls of my son. And that night Jacob slept with her": (1) Do you see? This is the bad nature of women. (2) Leah and Rachel had no semblance of sisterly affection, neither had the cultivation of forgiveness, and the slightest thing was a matter of calculation, as if the women of two nations shared one husband.
30:17 God promised Leah, and she conceived and gave birth to a fifth son to Jacob.
30:18 Leah said, " God has given me value, for I have given my husband my ambassador daughter." So he called his name Issachar (note: which means "worth").
30:19 And Leah conceived again, and gave birth to a sixth son to Jacob.
30:20 And Leah said, " God has given me a great reward, and my husband will live with me, because I have given him six sons." So she named him Zebulun (note: which means "to dwell with").
30:21 Then another daughter was born to him, and he called her name Dinah.
22. "30:22 And God thought of Rachel and promised her that she might bear children": (1) All these words in the guise of Yahweh are a deliberate "word block" to get you to take Yahweh to heart and become an idol for you to worship. If you believe this, you will be a fool. If you believe it, you will take it for what it is and you will become a slave of the devil. (2) It was not at all that her request was "granted", but that her thinking had improved as she grew older, and as she changed her thinking, she changed her situation.
23. "30:23 Rachel conceived and bore a son, and said, "God has taken away my shame." : (1) When Rachel knew what shame was and corrected her mistake, the Lord removed her shame and let her conceive and bear a son. (2) If she had not known what shame was and had not been able to correct her mistake, the LORD would not have been able to remove her shame and would not have allowed her to conceive and bear a child. (3) You must be sober and sensible and wise, and know what shame is, that is, you must always check your words and actions to see if you have gone too far, and you must always adjust yourself.
30:24 And he called his name Joseph (note: it means "to add"), which means, "May the LORD add another son to me."
True Commentary on Genesis 30 Jacob and Laban set the price (30:25-36)
30:25 After Rachel had given birth to Joseph, Jacob said to Laban, "Please send me away, that I may return to my native land.
30:26 Please give me my wife and my children, whom I have gained by serving you, and let me go; you know how I have served you."
30:27 And Laban said to him, "If I have found favor in your sight, please remain with me, for I have reckoned that the LORD has blessed me for your sake."
30:28 And he said, "Please set your wages, and I will give them to you."
30:29 Jacob said to him, "You know how I serve you, and how your livestock is in my hands.
30:30 In the beginning of my future you had very little, but now you have become great and numerous, and the LORD has blessed you as I have gone along. Now when shall I raise up a house for myself?"
30:31 Laban said, "What shall I give you?" Jacob said, "Nothing you need to give me, but one thing, and if you grant it, I will still shepherd your flock.
30:32 Today I will go through your flock and pick out every bit of sheep, every spotted and black one, and every spotted and bitten one of the goats; and the first class of these will be my wages in the future.
33. "30:33 Come and see my wages afterward, and every goat that is in my hand that is not a little spotted, and every sheep that is not black, it will be considered stolen by me; so that my righteousness may be proved." (1) For all the sheep that are spotted, speckled and black, and all the goats that are spotted and speckled, have been singled out, and there is little chance that any more lambs of this colour will be produced; and from now on, if there is any more "that are not spotted or black", they are yours, Laban. If there are any more "striped, spotted or speckled", the first class ones will be charged to me, Jacob. (2) This is fair to you, for without the "striped, somewhat spotted" in the flock, there is little possibility of the "striped, somewhat spotted" being born.
34. "30:34 And Laban said, "Yes, I would rather do as you say." : (1) The ignorant Laban was fooled. Laban, think about it, if it were true that there was almost no possibility of a "striped, dotted, or spotted" as you think, wouldn't Jacob have gotten no wages at all? Would Jacob have been so stupid? (2) Since Jacob dared to say this, he must have had some idea of how to produce "striped, dotted and spotted" lambs. (3) Jacob was cheating his maternal uncle so that he could build up his family.
30:35 And on that day Laban took the male goats with stripes and spots, and the female goats with spots and spots and mixed white stripes, and the black sheep, and put them under his sons
30:36 and set himself three days' journey apart from Jacob. And Jacob shepherded the rest of Laban's sheep.
Genesis 30 Jacob deceives his maternal uncle with a trick (30:37-43)
30:37 And Jacob took the shoots of the poplar, and of the almond, and of the maple, and stripped the bark to a white stripe, so that the branches might show themselves white.
30:38 and put the barked branches against the flock, in the gutters and in the water troughs where the sheep drank; and when the sheep came to drink, the males and females cooperated.
30:39 And the sheep matched the branch against the sheep, and they gave birth to striped, dotted, and spotted ones.
30:40 And Jacob divided the lambs, and set Laban's sheep opposite the striped and black sheep, and put his own sheep in a separate place, that he might not mingle with Laban's sheep.
30:41 And when the flock was fat and matched, Jacob put branches in the gutter, and made the sheep match against the branches.
42. "30:42 But when the sheep were thin and weak, he did not put in the branches. Then the thin ones went to Laban, and the fat ones to Jacob": (1) Do you see? Can such a Jacob be considered a righteous man? Do you remember the relationship between "Laban and Jacob"? What was the relationship between "Laban and Jacob"? (2) If a man like Jacob becomes an icon for Westerners to follow, it means that Western society will be a society of thieves and robbers, where people are "deceitful and take advantage of each other and repay each other with kindness".
43. "30:43 Then Jacob became exceedingly rich, and got many flocks, servants, camels and donkeys": (1) Jacob, as a liar who took refuge in his uncle's house, did not repay his uncle's kindness; even though Laban had given him two daughters, he did not treat Laban as his father, and cheated by despicable and shameless means, so that he had possessions , showing that Jacob was still a liar and devil-like. (2) Western society, instead of judging Jacob, treats such a liar as a "prophet of the Lord", which is a distortion of the values and outlook on life in Western society, and will certainly give birth to a troubled society.
This is a distortion of the values and outlook on life in Western society, and is bound to give birth to an unstable society. [Chapter 29: Jehovah created demons such as Abraham, Isaac and Jacob to demonstrate various "works of magic", so that we can learn from them after pointing out their mistakes. This is how Yahweh teaches us by "thinking backwards"].
Posted by Li Huaiju on 2 Sep 2017 11:38am 2 Sep 18:50 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article