Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary 8 The Priests Scandalize Jehovah
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
8:1 After that, David attacked the Philistines and subdued them, and took the power of the capital from under them (note: the original reads "the chewing ring of the mother city").
8:2 And he attacked the Moabites, and made them lie down on the ground, and measured them with cords, and he who measured two cords killed them, and he who measured one cord kept them. Then the Moabites submitted to David and paid him tribute.
8:3 And Hadadezer the son of Rehoboam king of Zobah went to the great river, to take back his kingdom. So David attacked him and
8:4 and captured seventeen hundred of his horsemen and twenty thousand of his foot soldiers; and he cut off the hoofs of the horses that drew the chariots, but left a hundred chariots of horses.
8:5 When the Arameans from Damascus came to help Hadadezer king of Zobah, David killed twenty-two thousand of the Arameans.
8:6 So David set up a fortified camp in the land of Aram in Damascus, and the Arameans submitted to him and paid him tribute. Wherever David went, the LORD gave him victory.
8:7 He took the golden shields that Hadadezer's servants had taken, and brought them to Jerusalem.
8:8 And King David took a great deal of brass from the cities of Bethel and Beeroth, which belonged to Hadadeisheth.
8:9 When King Terah of Hamah heard that David had defeated the whole army of Hadadezer
8:10 So he sent his son Joram to King David to ask his peace and to bless him, because he had defeated Hadadeisheth. (It turned out that Dauai and Hadadeisheth had often fought against each other. Joram brought vessels of gold, silver and bronze.
8:11 And King David sanctified these vessels, and the gold and silver which he had received from the nations, and offered them to the LORD.
8:12 from Aram, from Moab, from Ammon, from Philistia, from the Amalekites, and from what Hadadezer the son of Rehoboam king of Zobah had plundered.
8:13 And David returned from slaying 18,000 men of Aram (or Edom, see the title of Psalm 60) in the valley of the salt, and he made a great name for himself.
8:14 And he set up fortified camps throughout the land of Edom, and all the Edomites returned to David. Wherever David went, the LORD gave him victory.
8:15 And David was king over all Israel, and did justice to all the people.
8:16 Joab the son of Zeruiah was marshal; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahithophel was historian.
8:17 Zadok the son of Ahithophel and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar as chief priests; and Seraiah as clerk.
8:18 Benaiah the son of Jehoiada ruled over the Kerethites and the Pelethites. All the sons of David were leaders.

Expository section.
10-61. (1) "8:1 After that, David attacked the Philistines, ruled them over, and took authority over the capital from under them", Q. Is this true? (2) "8:2 And he attacked the Moabites, and made them lie down on the ground, and measured them with cords, and he who measured two cords killed them, and he who measured one cord kept them. Then the Moabites submitted to David and paid him tribute". Why did they "measure one cord and keep it"? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) To kill those who resisted, so that those who remained could no longer resist.
10-62. (1) "8:3 And Hadadezer the son of Rehoboam king of Zobah went to the great river, to take back his kingdom. So David attacked him, 8:4 and captured seventeen hundred of his horsemen and twenty thousand of his foot soldiers; he cut off the hoof tendons of the horses that were pulling the chariots, but left a hundred chariots of horses", Q: Is that so? (2) "8:5 When the Arameans from Damascus came to help Hadadezer king of Zobah, David killed 22,000 of the Arameans", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-63, [Explanation of "Devotional Version":] (1) "8:1-5 And in the covenant which God made with David there was this promise, that all the enemies would be defeated and would no longer oppress Israel", Q: Is that so? (2) "God will help David to defeat the hostile nations in order to fulfill his promise", Q: Is this true? Answer: This is shallow and boring "ass-kissing"! Isn't that what all kings do? Who can be a king if God does not help?
10-64, (1) "8:6 David set up a fortified camp in the land of Aram in Damascus, and the Arameans submitted to him and paid him tribute", Q: Is this true? (2) "Wherever David went, the LORD gave him victory", Q: Is this true? (3) "8:7 And he took the golden shield which Hadadezer's servants had taken, and brought it to Jerusalem", Q: Is that so? (4) "8:8 And King David took a great deal of brass from the cities of Bethel and Beeroth, which belonged to Hadadisheth", Q: Is that so? Answer: yes. The tone of "the LORD gave him the victory" is disgusting, it is the devil who kidnapped the "LORD" who said. Yes. Yes.

10-65, (1) "8:9 When King Terai of Hamah heard that David had defeated the whole army of Hadadezer, 8:10 he sent his son Joram to King David to ask his peace and to bless him, because he had defeated Hadadezer. (It turned out that Dauai and Hadadeisheth had often fought against each other. Joram brought vessels of gold, silver and bronze. 8:11 And King David sanctified these vessels, and the gold and silver which he had received from his rule over the nations, and offered them to the LORD", asking, "Is this so? (2) "8:12 And all that came from Aram, and Moab, and Ammon, and Philistia, and the Amalekites, and all that was plundered from Hadadezer the son of Rehoboam king of Zobah," were they offered to "the LORD"? Are these not all "idols"? Does this not mean that Jehovah worships "idols"? Answer: (1) How could anything that was won in battle be given to the LORD? "Did Jehovah desire these things? (2) "The vessels of gold, silver and bronze, and the gold and silver that he gained from his rule over the nations, he sanctified and offered to the LORD", does this not mean that the LORD was an insatiable, murderous, wealthy bandit? "He sanctified all the gold and silver that he received from the nations and offered it to the LORD" is the devil using the pen of the "priests" (priests and ministers) to scandalize and abuse the LORD.
10-66, (1) "8:13 And David returned from slaying 18,000 men of Aram (or "Edom", see Psalm 60) in the Valley of Salt, and he made a great name for himself. 8:14 And he set up a fortified camp over all the land of Edom, and all the Edomites returned to David." , Q: Is that so? (2) "8:15 And David was king over all Israel, and did justice to all the people. 8:16 And Joab the son of Zeruiah was marshal; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahirub was historian; 8:17 and Zadok the son of Ahithophel and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar were chief priests; and Seraiah was clerk; 8:18 and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada had dominion over the Cherethites and the Pelethites. The sons of David were leaders. All the sons of David were leaders", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-67. [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "8:15 David was loved by all the people (3:36), not because he pleased men, but because he wanted to please God", Q: Is that so? (2) "8:15 exercising and interpreting the law fairly, administering punishment with mercy in mind, respecting the rights of the people, and recognizing man's duty to God", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) This is all modern day demons (Jewish preachers) confusing right and wrong. It is common sense that if you do not "please men" you will not be "pleasing to the people", but the devil is making it impossible to distinguish between right and wrong. A faint-hearted ruler who "pleases God" will only chill the hearts of the people and will not "please them" at all. Only when he is "pleasing to the people" can he be "pleasing to God". (2) "Knowing one's duty to God", one becomes the servant of the devil (the Jewish missionaries).
10-68, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "8:15 What is praiseworthy about David's pursuit of righteousness? It was a command of God (Deut 16:18-20) and a characteristic of God (Deut 32:4)". (2) "The law of God is for a righteous society", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) David's pursuit of righteousness was commendable because he was sober and did not listen to the nonsense of the "priests", which was neither a "divine command" nor a "divine characteristic". (2) The "God of Judaism" is a selfish and self-serving opposite of "righteousness", because the "God of Judaism" makes people respect the "priests". (2) The "law of God" is the "law of the priests", for the "law of God" was made by the priests, the "pope of the church". The "law of God" is the "law of the priests" because the "law of God" was made by the priests, the "pope of the church". The "law of God" is a tool produced by the priests to uphold the system of the "united pope" under the guise of "building a righteous society".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





