Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 17) The Lamb Triumphant (Jesus speaks of clarity of mind)
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 17 The punishment of the great adulteress (17:1-5)
27-17:1, "17:1 And one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and said to me, Come here, and I will show you the punishment of the great adulteress who sits on the waters of the congregation": (1) "Adulteress", a woman who commits adultery, usually refers to a woman who violates (1) "Adulteress" means a woman who commits adultery, usually a woman who violates the ethics of the family by having sex with a man or woman other than her husband. (2) A "great whore" is a woman who has no shame, who has no desire for a man, who accepts any man, who actively seduces and has intercourse with the opposite sex, and who is worse than a beast. (3) Water, representing wisdom. The "great whore sitting on many waters" is a woman who has all kinds of tricks up her sleeve, who takes the initiative to learn different positions from others, and who gives away her body and soul to any man in various ways and under various names. (4) The "great adulteress who sits on the waters of the congregation" does not refer exclusively to women, but is unfaithful to Jesus, passing on as "Christian doctrine" what Jesus did not do, and introducing into Christianity as "Christian doctrine" the various doctrines of other denominations. They are "priests, pastors, and missionaries" who are unfaithful to Jesus, who pass on the words and deeds that Jesus did not do as "Christian doctrine", and who introduce various teachings of other denominations into Christianity as "Christian doctrine". (5) Such a situation is not only found in Christianity, but also in other religions, where "teachings that are not of the Lord" become doctrines instead. For example, the Buddhist practice of burning incense and kowtowing, chanting the Buddha's name, praying for blessings, eliminating karma, doing the Liang Huang Confession, shaving one's head, playing with the Buddha's beads, and overtaking, etc., which the Buddha did not do, are all "Buddhist doctrines". The Taoist practice of replenishing the treasury, worshipping the taiyas, stepping on the Big Dipper, writing talismans and reciting incantations, giving prayers, eliminating disasters and praying for blessings, and overcoming the dead, etc., which the Taoist ancestors did not do, are all "Taoist doctrines". (6) The "great adulteress sitting on the waters" is a servant who is possessed by "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons" and then dominates the mind, for "the spirits of demons go out to the kings of the world". "Therefore, in all religions there are "great adulteresses who sit on the waters of the world".
(7) In the Sutra of Universal Consciousness, spittle, pus and blood, fluid and saliva, phlegm, tears and essence, small and large conveniences, all return to water. What is "on the many waters" is human "essence", that is, human "essence and spirit", that is, the consciousness and spirit of this life (the life-soul, the body, and the magus). Because of the "nature of food and sex", all the gods of knowledge have a lustful nature and are therefore "great adulteresses sitting on the waters of the world". (8) There are many such "antiphons" as "the great adulteress who sits on the waters of the world", but they are actually the yang (boy), the gods of knowledge in this life (the soul, the body, the magus), which the Chinese Taoists call "Fuxi (9) "The Great Succubus". (9) "The punishment of the great adulteress", who in this life has been a barren woman and does not know how to go to a wise teacher to cherish her spiritual training, will be punished by the fall into hell as long as she does not become a "son of God" like Jesus, and cannot return to heaven.

27-17:2, "17:2 The kings of the earth committed adultery with her, and those who lived on the earth became drunk with the wine of her fornication": (1) Many of the "priests of Old Testament times" were there before there were kings, and they were all kings who were "united in church and state". The "Jewish priests" after the kings did not hide their "hatred of the kings" and so the "Old Testament" contains many lies that vilify the kings. The Jewish priests were kings because they could portray kings and compel kings in the name of God. (2) In Old Testament times, the kings (priests) of the earth committed adultery with "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons", giving rise to the "Old Testament". After Jesus, the kings of the earth (church groups) committed adultery with the "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons", giving rise to the "priests, ministers and missionaries", the Nicolaitans, whom Jesus hated. (3) The "priests, pastors and missionaries" of the Christian community are "kings" who commit adultery with the "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons". They are "kings" because they do not allow Christians to become "Christ with eyes like a flame, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, with a rod of iron", but make them "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them. Instead, they make Christians "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them. This is the mentality of the "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons", so that they, the demons of the beast, can feel a sense of achievement and majesty.
(4) Because a man like Jesus comes along once every few thousand years, and those who are wise are a minority, those who do not commit adultery with the "great adulteress sitting on the waters" are a minority. Because the ignorant cannot resist temptation, they go with the flow and indulge their desires. So it is the majority who commits adultery with the "great adulteress sitting on the waters". The situation arises when "the dweller on earth gets drunk on the wine of her adultery", and when the majority becomes dominant, there is a "church group". (5) To pass on as "Christian doctrine" what Jesus did not do, and to promote as "Christian doctrine" the various doctrines of other denominations introduced into Christianity, this is what happens when "the kings of the earth (church groups) commit adultery with her". This is the ugly state of affairs resulting from the "kings of the earth (church groups) committing adultery with her". (6) Christians are unaware of the fact that "church groups" pass on as "Christian doctrine" what Jesus did not do, which is a sign that "the earthly dweller is drunk with the wine of her fornication This is a manifestation of the "drunkenness of the earth-dweller in the wine of her fornication".
(7) In the Tantras, the heart is the earth, the nature is the king, and the king dwells on the earth. The "king on earth" is the self-nature from heaven (the genesis, the dharma body, the one who is not different from God, Ge Ge). When the God of Knowledge in this life joins the Master and practises the "non-dual method of seeing the mind and the nature", he realises that the God of Knowledge in this life (the soul of life, Magog) has seen the God of Life (the Self, Gog) and knows who he is on earth, and the God of Life (Gog) and the God of Knowledge (Magog) are "one in heaven". "The "kings of the earth" have committed adultery with her. Because the "king of the earth" prefers silence, is subtle and passive, and is therefore "feminine", he is actually the "queen of the earth", known to the Chinese Taoists as "Nuwa". " The king of the earth commits adultery with her", but actually "he commits adultery with the queen of the earth, Fuxi with Nuwa". (8) When "the kings of the earth committed adultery with her", the God of Knowledge became the core of the God of Knowledge without being revealed, and the God of Knowledge in this life took on the divine powers that the God of Knowledge originally had, and the human body took on the infinite divine power of healing and saving people as Jesus did during his lifetime, and became the "Christ" (the Son of God, the one who is no different from (the Son of God, the one who is not different from God). He will testify by calling the Jewish Church "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (9) If those who live on earth study religion and do not know who the "kings of the earth" are (and do not realize "life and mind"), they are "drunk with the wine of her fornication "and is condemned to the punishment of hell. He will live in vain in this life and go back to reincarnation. This theoretical method is called in China "the non-dual righteousness of clarity of mind"; it is the "iron rod" that Jesus spoke of. (10) The "Chinese Lamb" has popularised this "non-dual method of seeing the mind and the nature" of becoming the Christ (the Son of God, the heavenly immortal) throughout the world, which in China is called the "three stages of the Long Hua Hui". It is the "marriage supper of the Lamb" in the Book of Revelation.

27-17:3, "17:3 And I was moved by the Holy Spirit, and the angel took me into the wilderness, and I saw a woman riding on a vermilion beast with seven heads and ten horns, and a blasphemous name all over its body": (1) "The vermilion beast" is (1) The "great red dragon" is Satan the devil, or the "spirit of demons" of the same kind. The colour "vermilion" is the brightest, the most attention-grabbing, sexually arousing and maddening. A religious person dressed in red is "a woman riding on a vermilion beast", "a great adulteress sitting on the waters", or a slave possessed by "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons". The minion who is possessed by "three unclean spirits, spirits of demons". (2) The "seven heads" indicate that this is a demon with "seven passions and six desires", the opposite of the "Christ who is dead in heart and alive in mind; who does not move in disgrace, who does not mourn". (The "seven passions": joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire, are the seven emotions. If the six gates are not closed, there are six desires. (3) "There are ten horns" indicates that this is a devil with a "cross" in his hand, who "presses to death" against the masses. The "cross" has become the symbol of Christianity, and everyone in the church group who has the "priesthood" is a walking, clothed beast with "ten horns on his head", for this is not allowing Jesus to rest, and is exposing him. Jesus is not resting in peace, he is being exposed, he is slandering and ridiculing Jesus. (4) The "priests, ministers and missionaries" with the "cross" in their hands, the Nicolaitans, whom Jesus hated, were "beasts with seven heads and ten horns", for they did not allow Christians to Instead of Christians becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", they made them "lambs" to be "pastured" by them. (5) This is the mentality of the "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons", so that they, the demons of the animal way, can feel a sense of achievement and majesty. (6) The "priests, pastors, and missionaries", the "priesthood", and the various rules and rituals, were not done by Jesus, but were imposed on him (Christianity) by them, so that they "had blasphemous names all over their bodies". The name of the priesthood".
(7) "The angel took me into the wilderness", which means that it is not a place with the "kings of the earth", but another place with the air, for the "wilderness" is full of boundless air. The "wilderness" is full of boundless air. (8) The "vermilion beast" is a human lung; a normal human lung is vermilion in colour; all animals have the same lung function. (9) Because the lungs breathe, there is a "soul". The "spirit" is feminine, the "woman riding on the vermilion beast". There is also a "man" (masculine) who is the "soul" (the soul of life, the spirit of knowledge, the body of retribution) that lives in the liver. (10) The "prana" is in charge of the physiological activities of the human body, and the imbalance of the prana's activities manifests itself in the seven emotions (joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire), the "seven thoughts and ideas"; these are the "seven heads that the beast has ". (11) The lungs are divided into lobes: the left lung has two lobes and the right lung has three lobes, making a total of five lobes. Each lobe has an "inlet and outlet" (trachea and bronchus), making a total of ten "inlet and outlet" lobes. The "trachea and bronchi" are like the "antlers". Therefore, "the beast has ten horns".
(12) "Profane" means "offensive, disrespectful". Because of their ignorance, they have fallen into a demonic trap, not knowing what is right and what is magic, and thinking that "chanting hymns" is "honouring God", but in fact they are using the "teaching of the faithful" to obliterate the "teaching of Christ". "If you do not honour God, you are "having a blasphemous name all over your body". (13) The spirit in the human body is also the yin, the sunken and turbid air of the earth, which is attached to the visible mortal body. When there is prana, there are "seven emotions and six desires", which pollute the pure elemental spirit, and prevent it from revealing its original nature as "the same as God", so "there are profane names all over the body". If one learns Buddhism or monasticism, the absence of the "seven emotions and six desires" means that the "prana" is eliminated, and one will not be afraid of life and death. and one who is willing to die.

27-17:4, "17:4 The woman was dressed in purple and vermilion, adorned with gold, precious stones, and pearls; and she had a golden cup in her hand, and it was full of abominations, the filth of her fornication": (1) Religious people are "dressed in purple and vermilion". (1) Religious people "dressed in purple and vermilion" are great adulteresses who "ride on vermilion beasts" and are "great adulteresses who sit on the waters of the congregation". (2) "Clothed in purple and vermilion" are those who have become legal religious men of the state; they do not refer exclusively to Catholicism. (3) "adorned with gold, precious stones and pearls", indicating that they were far above the ordinary people, that they had a legitimate "priesthood" and that their reputation was "a disguised betrayal of Jesus". Their reputation was earned by "selling Jesus in disguise"; it does not refer exclusively to Catholicism. (4) The "golden cup in their hands" indicates that they have the privilege of "shepherding" the "lambs" (Christians) and that they are a group of demons who have kidnapped Jesus and made him the instrument of their demagoguery. (5) "The cup is full of abominations, the filth of her fornication", which are the various rules laid down by the Christian "ecclesiastical group".
(6) To indicate the office and status of a bishop, there are special symbols in the liturgy: the gown, the high crown, the sceptre, the ring of authority, the chasuble. The dress - the colour of which varies according to the level of status worn - is (i) Pope: dressed in white, also known as a white bishop. (ii) Cardinal: dressed in red, also known as a cardinal. (iii) Archbishops and bishops: dressed in purple, also known as purple bishops. (d) The sceptre - The sceptre is the pastoral staff of the bishop, representing his status and pastoral duties. A bishop may use the sceptre in all liturgical contexts, except that he must wear a high crown when using it, and both at the same time. Only one bishop may use the sceptre when celebrating a common service. The sceptre may be used in the diocese under his own jurisdiction, but outside his own diocese it may only be used with the permission of the bishop of that diocese. When the sceptre is held, the upper rounded end of the sceptre is directed towards the parishioners, or towards the object to be consecrated. The material is either gilded silver or made of wood with inlaid decoration, with a pointed lower end and a semi-circular or rounded upper end. Pope Paul VI changed the sceptre to a crucifix, and some bishops followed suit. (v) The ring of authority - Ancient peoples wore rings as seals to sign contracts; they also symbolised authority, so the bishop's ring of authority was a sign of authority and covenant. The ring is no longer used as a seal on official documents, but there is still a ring of authority in the liturgy of the consecrated bishop. It is common for Catholics to kiss the ring of authority when they salute a bishop; however, this custom has gradually disappeared. The ring of authority is decorated with precious stones and motifs, mostly from the Middle Ages. After the initiative of several recent popes, they no longer have jewelled motifs and are the same as the usual rings used by ordinary people, but slightly wider. (f) The high crown - The high crown is the bishop's vestments, a hat worn after the liturgy, and is made up of two triangular pieces of stiff fabric, covered with gold or decorated with precious stones, about thirty centimetres high, with two fluttering bands at the back, which hang down the back. The high crown symbolises the courage and fighting spirit of the bishops who, without fear of hardship, carry the priests and the faithful to all darkness and sin on earth. It is generally worn by bishops when sitting on the throne, preaching, blessing the faithful and processions. (vii) The Little Round Hat - The origin of the Little Round Hat is related to the rite of the haircut. Before the reform of the liturgy of the Second Vatican Council, the first step in entering the priesthood was to receive the rite of the haircut, in which the bishop cut a circle on the top of the head of the chosen one, so that he wore a small round hat to protect him from the cold. This evolved into the liturgical dress. Now that the rite of haircutting has been abolished, the bishop still maintains the custom of wearing the mitre; in addition, when performing the rite, the mitre may be worn under the high crown. The chasuble should be removed only before the Eucharist, hence the Latin term "to God alone". The bishop should therefore take off his hat before the recitation of all the thanksgivings and the explicit offering of the Blessed Sacrament. (Source: Chinese Catholic Heritage Museum)
(7) The dust and pollutants in the air enter the lungs with the respiration of the lungs, and with age the lungs become enriched, and the more they are enriched the more the colour of the lungs deepens. (8): The "Five Organs" corresponding to the "Five Elements" are: lungs, liver, kidneys, heart and spleen. "Gold, precious stones and pearls belong to the "gold" element, so "the woman is adorned with gold, precious stones and pearls". (9) The lungs are open to the nose, and the nasal cavity is the outermost part of the lungs. If the cold air hurts the lungs and the lungs become diseased (or rhinitis), the nose will be stuffy, the chest will be stuffy and suffocating, and the nose will run because it is "full of abominations"; it will also cough and spit out phlegm. The "runny nose and phlegm" are "the abomination in the golden cup", "the filth of her fornication"].

27-17:5, "17:5 And it was written on her forehead, saying, "Mystery! Babylon the Great, the mother of the adulteresses and all the abominations of the world": (1) "It was written on her forehead", referring to the "priesthood order", which is common to all Christian denominations; the "priesthood order", which is common to all Christian denominations The "priesthood order" is the name written on the forehead of the "great adulteress sitting on the waters of the congregation". (2) "A mystery", is it a mystery? It is a great mystery! If you can think, if you are a normal person, if you can calm down a little, you will see through this great mystery that you are blind to! (3) "Babylon the Great" is the whole of Christianity (all Christian denominations), which has a powerful, magnificent, impregnable appearance, but is in fact "a shambles". If you are a righteous man, you can subvert it and destroy it "without bloodshed". You don't have to go to war, you can overthrow the whole of Christianity with your pen and your books. (4) "To be the mother of all whores and abominations in the world". There is nothing more "lascivious and abominable" than the Christian community, for under the guise of Christianity they do not allow Christians to be "eyes like flames, mouths with two-edged swords, and eyes like flames". Under the guise of Christianity they do not allow Christians to become "sons of God with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in their mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", but rather they make them "lambs" to be "pastured" by them. Could there be a more obscene and abominable group of people than those who "sell Jesus" for fame and fortune, and then use their fabricated doctrines to obliterate Jesus "so that Christians may become the indoctrination of Christ"? There is no one else! (5) Lenin of the Soviet Union (1870-1924) killed 80,000 "Orthodox preachers". Because Lenin saw through the "mysteries" of the Orthodox Church.
The three gods in the liver are called the "cool spirit", the "fetal light" and the "ghostly essence". The lung is the son of the spleen, the mother of the kidney, under the "seven spirits" such as infants, the name: corpse dog, corpse, bird Yin, swallowing thieves, non-toxic, in addition to obscenity, to prevent odor, is also the seven names. The "corpse dog" and "corpse fury" are the two eyes. The two ears are the "bird yin" and the "swallowed thief". The two nostrils are the "non-poisonous, non-obscene". "The two nostrils are the mouth and tongue. (7) Got it? Is it a mystery? A mystery! This is something that can only be seen after one has become a "son of God", a "microscopic anatomy of the human body" that cannot be seen with "scientific instruments". Science" can only see a very small part of the universe. The universe is an invisible "Babylon". (8) If one cannot eliminate the "seven passions and six desires", one will not be able to rejuvenate the "prana" and will not have the vigour to become a "son of God". "God blesses and God loves you", so that the "woman", the "seven spirits", becomes "the mother of the adulteresses and all the abominations of the world. (9) The ancient "out of the world" is a symbol of the "out of the world". (9) The ancient method of "exiting the world", of refining all the dross, is to see through all illusions in order to return to the "pure and dry" realm of the immortal spirit, that is, to "eliminate the body and complete the soul", that is, to achieve To be "unmoved by ruin, unmoved by sorrow and unmoved by happiness". To achieve "no movement in ruin and no sorrow" means that there are no more "seven emotions and six desires", no more external manifestations of the "seven spirits", that is, the "seven orifices" are closed. The seven orifices are closed (no eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind), and one is not confused by external illusions, but is in the realm of pure spirit.

Revelation 17: The mystery of the woman and the beast she rides is explained (17:6-13)
27-17:6, "17:6 And I saw the woman drunk with the blood of the saints and with the blood of those who testify about Jesus. And when I saw her, I wondered greatly": (1) The "priests and ministers" of the church group, under the guise of Christianity, do not allow Christians to become "sons of God with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in their mouths, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron "Instead, they make Christians "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them, a "woman drunk with the blood of the saints". (2) Under the guise of Christianity, the "priests and ministers" of the Church group do not allow Christians to become "sons of God with eyes like a flame, with a two-edged sword in their mouths, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron". The "indoctrination of Christians to be the indoctrination of Christ" is obliterated by the "indoctrination of the faithful", such as the "singing of hymns and prayers, charity", etc., which is "the blood of the woman who is drunk with the blood of those who testify about Jesus". (3) The notorious Romanist's "teaching of the Christians to be Christ" is "the blood of the woman who is drunk with the blood of the witnesses of Jesus".
(3) St. Thomas Aquinas, of Roman fame, said that if a person believes in heresy, after the second admonition she must be handed over to an earthly official to be destroyed. In 1895 the Pope declared that the assassination of a corrected religious would atone for the assassination of a Roman. Another pope also decreed that anyone who killed at the order of a priest would not be guilty of murder. Since the establishment of the Jesuit order in Rome in 1540, more than 1,900,000 Reformed (Reformed and Christian) believers have been killed in Rome alone. (4) The Reformed Church allows for the use of the Eucharist in the national languages and, gradually, in a more flexible form, quotes from the Psalms, scripture lessons, prayers, etc., which the faithful participate in chanting. Some denominations have also compiled special books for public worship, such as the Anglican Book of Common Prayer and the Reformed Prayer Formulas. The singing of hymns by the whole congregation is also a feature of the Protestant worship service. The logo of the "Chinese Evangelical Church" has a "cross" on it, so the "Reformed Church" was a split from the Catholic Church and did not really carry out a reformation. It is also a "beast with seven heads and ten horns". (5) The followers of the Reformed Church (Protestantism, Anti-Romanism, Anti-Romanism, Anti-Christianism, Vowed Anti-Christianism, Reformation, Protestantism, etc., also often referred to directly as "Christianity") are neither "saints" nor "witnesses to Jesus". They are one of the "three great denominations" of world Christianity, and are the result of the adulterous Christianity of "three unclean spirits, the spirits of demons". The Catholic, Reformed, and Orthodox Churches are the three major church groups, all of which are "great whores sitting on the waters of the congregation".
(6) When one comes to Christianity and becomes a Christian, one does not want to become a "son of God" like Jesus, who called the Jewish Church "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", but one who wants to be "blessed by God". "and did not have the courage to take on the general attitude of the "Son of God" (Christ) who rebuked the Jewish Church, much less the general attitude of taking on Christ as if he were dying, so that no Christian became a Christ, but Christians became "Judaizers, minions of Satan "So "the woman was drunk with the blood of the saints". (7) The "witnesses for Jesus" are those who, like Jesus, have rebuked the Jewish Church, which practised the "Old Testament", for being "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". The "Son of God". After Jesus, there was not a single "son of God" like Jesus, who called the Jewish Church "scribes and blind leaders who were hypocrites", but minions who hoped for the "blessing of God". "None of them had the courage to take on the role of "Christ", so "the woman was drunk with the blood of those who testified about Jesus". (8) "When I saw her, I wondered greatly". This is a woman who is so powerful that whoever cannot overcome the "seven passions" will fall into hell. What is the power? Vigour is the boldness and decisiveness with which things are handled. "Boldness and decisiveness are the result of systematic training in both the external and internal elixirs. The "external elixir" is the martial art of "external training of sinew and bone" and refers to behaviour in general. "The "inner elixir" is the internal martial art and cultivation of learning, which refers to connotation. The extraordinary behaviour of a person with connotation is courage. To do what most people are afraid to do is to have courage.

27-17:7, "17:7 The angel said to me, "Why are you surprised? I will tell you the mystery of the woman and of the seven-headed, ten-horned beast that carries her": (1) The "woman" is feminine, a metaphor for the devil incarnate. The "seven heads" also represent various kinds of delusions, indicating that the mind is disordered, not concentrated, and unable to "concentrate on one thing". Those who are not concentrated and do not know what it means to be "indoctrinated into Christ" are those who have been misled by the "satanic group", and they are all "beasts with seven heads". (2) The "seven-headed, ten-horned beast" is a beast with "seven passions and six desires that give birth to ten evils". It is a metaphor for those who use the "cross" as a Christian symbol, who are all walking corpses possessed by "three unclean spirits, spirits of demons", who are all minions worse than animals, who are all "ten-horned beasts". (3) Today, the cross is a Christian religion. (3) Today, the cross is a symbol of Christian faith and no longer a symbol of pain and shame, which means that Christians are all minions who have been given "ecstasy" by the "great adulteress sitting on the waters of the congregation" and are all beasts of prey who have turned right into wrong, false into truth and right into wrong. (4) Catholics and Orthodox Christians (4) Catholics and Orthodox wear crosses or crucifixes on their chests to strengthen their faith, for cleansing purposes or to commemorate the death of Jesus to save all mankind, stating that the "cross" is "three unclean spirits, demonic spirits" used to discredit the teaching of Jesus and to "prevent Christians from becoming Christ". "(5) In the case of monasticism, the "cross" is used for cleansing or to commemorate the death of Jesus for the salvation of all mankind.
(5) In monasticism, the primary spirit (Buddhahood, Dharma, Gog) is passive, while the consciousness spirit (the soul, the body, Magog) is active, and "the woman" is masculine. "The seven-headed, ten-horned beast that carries her is the lung. (6) The consciousness of the human being (the soul, the body and the magus) can be divided into two parts, the yin and the yang, of which the soul is the yang and the body is the yin (the woman). This essence is not only semen, but also includes all kinds of material bases in the human body, because semen is the essence of the material in the human body. If there is no hard body, how can there be a soft body? When the material base of the human body (a strong body) is well built and alive (with the "external elixir"), then the elemental essence appears. Only when there is a vital essence does the vital energy emerge (so that we can cultivate the 'inner elixir'), and then we can refine the vital energy and transform it into the spirit, and when these three are united, we will have the appearance of the 'three flowers'. It is not enough to reach this step, it is not yet the "Tao", so there is still "refining the spirit and merging with the void, refining the void and merging with the Tao". (7) The soul is dispersed: when the spirit of awareness is taken away by the "black and white impermanent beings" or the "bull-headed and horse-faced beings" of hell, the soul is dispersed, the person stops breathing and the spirit is dispersed through the "seven orifices". When the human body is traumatised and bleeding, the liver is deprived of blood and the soul cannot live in peace, so the spirit of awareness is driven out of the body. Because the human body is an organism, no matter where it is hurt, the whole body will be affected. If a person is poisoned, the liver is the first to be poisoned, and the "bleeding from the seven orifices" is a sign that the "spirit" has been dispersed after the "soul has flown".

27-17:8, "17:8 The beast you saw, which was there before but is not now, will come up from the bottomless pit and will return to the depths. And every one that dwelleth on the earth, whose name is not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, shall wonder at the beast which was, and is not, and shall be again": (1) "The beasts which thou sawest, which were before", they were "the priests of Judaism in the days of the Old Testament They were the "priests of Judaism in Old Testament times", who, under the guise of Jehovah, used all kinds of vile and shameless words and deeds to achieve their intention of ruling the people, but in reality it was Satan who spread "ecstasy" through their mouths. (2) "Not today" is the tenth anniversary of the death of Jesus, which was not available at that time. After the Catholic era, the "cross" became the symbol of Christianity. (3) The words "will come up from the bottomless pit and will return to the depths" and "will come up from the bottomless pit and will return to the depths" indicate that they are "sons of the devil who are born of the way of the devil". They are "three unclean spirits, demonic spirits" who are the opposite of the "sons of God", who came out of hell and cannot be transformed into Christ, but can only return to hell.
(4) "Those whose names are written in the book of life" are those who became "sons of God" in life and became Christ who returned to heaven after death. "Whoever lives on earth and whose name has not been written in the Book of Life since the foundation of the world" is one who has not become the Christ (the Son of God). (5) "Seeing the beast that was, and is not, and will be again", this is "past, present, and future", which is the theory of "three lives of cause and effect". The past did not become Christ, and the present life did not become Christ, for if we do not grasp this life, we will only sink into the bottomless pit in the future. (6) "And it shall come to pass," why is this? Because only those who were "written in the book of life" "before" (in the past) will be able to grasp this life and overcome their demons, join the Master and become Christ. It is a matter of God who should be the one whose name is written in the Book of Life. This is the reason why we "choose the man".
(7) "The beast you saw" is "the seven-headed, ten-horned beast", which is the God of knowledge (soul, life, and body). The "previous existence" is the "habit" of the previous life. Habits are material desires, which can be good or evil. (8) "Not now, but will come up from the bottomless pit". The nature endowed to man is called endowment, which is pure evil without goodness. There are roots in the endowment, and the habits of the past life are the endowment of the present life. The habits of previous lives will slowly emerge as one ages in the bottomless pit of the human world. (9) If one can dissolve one's innate nature (anger, hatred, resentment, annoyance, annoyance), one's nature is complete. If you cannot, then you will be able to trigger them at the first touch, as if you are possessed by a ghost, so they are called the "five ghosts" and cause disturbances in the house. They are also called the "five poisons", which cause illness and death. It has the deepest roots and is not easily removed. If one cannot subdue them, it is difficult to be a good person. The Buddha said, "If karma follows us, it will lead to delusion and ignorance". It is difficult to attain the path, and one will return to sinking."]

27-17:9, "17:9 Here the wise mind may think. The seven heads are the seven mountains on which the woman sits": (1) "The mind of wisdom" is the elemental spirit (Self, Dharma, Gog) that comes from heaven. The "mind that can think" is the God of knowledge in this life (the soul of life, the body of the Buddha, and the Magog). The human body, which eats, drinks, sleeps and has four stages of "birth, old age, sickness and death", is the body of change (incarnation). (2) Joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire are the seven expressions that everyone has, and the "seven thoughts and ideas" that ordinary people often have, the "seven heads". (3) The "seven mountains on which women sit" are the "yin gods and seven pranas" of the yin nature. The lungs have breath and prana, and in the living body there is prana, which is attached to and used by the God of Consciousness, and the God of Consciousness is born from prana. The prana is also the yin, the essence of the spirit of consciousness. If the spirit of consciousness does not cease to exist, then the transformation of the vasanas will never cease. The "yin spirit" can be divided into seven parts, the seven prana (corpse dog, fuyao, bird yin, swallowing thief, non-poisonous, obscene, smelly lung), which are in charge of the physiological activities of the human body, and the unbalanced activities of the seven prana manifest in the seven emotions (joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil, desire). According to Taoism, the liver contains the soul and the lungs the spirit; the liver spirit has three and the lung spirit has seven; therefore, it is called the three souls and seven spirits.

27-17:10, "17:10 Seven kings again; five have fallen, one remains, and one has not yet come; when he comes, he must remain for a while": (1) The "seven spirits", the seven orifices that can supply the lungs with qi, are the Without these "seven", the lungs would not be able to work properly, and therefore they are "also the seven kings". They are therefore "also the seven kings", that is, the kings in charge of the seven orifices. (2) At night, when the lungs are at their lowest capacity, only the "two nostrils" are sufficient for the intake of air, and when the eyes are closed, the bedroom is quiet, and when the mouth is closed, the "five orifices" are closed. The "prana of the five orifices" is in the lung sleep (collection). During the day, the body moves, the lung capacity increases, and all the other "five orifices" are opened to assist the "two nostrils" in taking in air. This is how "the five have been poured out, one is still there and one has not yet arrived". (3) When the consciousness gods (the soul of life, the body of retribution, and the magus) emerge from the human body, the body must first have the "seven spirits". If the lungs do not breathe for the time being, there is no "seven bodies" and the God of Knowledge cannot remain in the body, it is a stillborn child.

27-17:11, "17:11 And the beast that was, and is not, is the eighth; and he is numbered with the seven, and is sunk": (1) "The beast that was, and is not," is the Self from heaven (the Godhead, the (1) "The beast that was and is not" is the Self from heaven (the God, the Dharma, the one who is not different from God, the Gog). Because the elementary gods are "not different from God" and are "immortal", they were "there before". "The reason why it is not there now is that you have not been able to see your teacher, you have not been able to see your life, you have not been able to see your nature, and you do not know who your God is. (2) When a person is born, with the breathing of the lungs, he or she has a soul (the soul of life, the spirit of knowledge, the body of retribution, and the magus), and when he or she becomes a living body, the spirit enters the body and becomes the "king of the earth". Since there are seven kings (seven vasanas), the spirit that comes from heaven is the eighth. (3) The spirit that comes from heaven is "in the same line with the seven (seven spirits)", and is on a human body. If the spirit of knowledge in this life does not become "Christ", it will fall into hell. If the spirit of knowledge does not become "Christ", the spirit of the firstborn cannot "return to his home in heaven", but will fall into hell with the spirit of knowledge, so that "he too is numbered with the seven, and returns to sinking". 所以 "不生不灭，不垢不净，不增不减 "说的就是元神。

27-17:12, "17:12 The ten horns you saw are the ten kings, who have not yet received the kingdom, but they will receive power with the beast for a time, the same as the king": (1) With the "ten horns" (the ten evils), they will be judged and punished by the ten temples of hell. (1) With the "ten horns" (the ten evils), one is judged and punished by the ten Hades of Hell. The ten kings of hell are: the first king of Qin Guang, the second king of Chu Jiang, the third king of Song Di, the fourth king of Wu Guan, the fifth king of Senla, the sixth king of Bian Cheng, the seventh king of Taishan, the eighth king of the city, the ninth king of Equality, and the tenth king of the Wheel of Fortune. (2) The "ten horns you see" are the ten "inlet and outlet channels" of the five-leaf lung. When the spirit descends to earth to become a new individual, and comes to earth once to complete its mission, it is experiencing a "calamity", because human beings have "the suffering of birth, old age, sickness, death, eating, drinking and sleeping", which is a real suffering compared to the holiness of heaven. The "calamity". When one comes to the "five turbid and evil worlds", one has not learnt enough to be comprehensive, and one's speech and behaviour have inadvertently created sinful karma. Therefore, as long as they have lungs and breathe, they have the "seven emotions and six desires" and are subject to the punishment of the "ten kings" (the ten kings of hell). (3) They have not yet joined a wise teacher, they have not seen through the evils of the "church group", they have not escaped from the "church group", they do not know what "righteousness and magic" are, they have not He does not know what "righteousness and magic" are, does not have "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron", and cannot become the "Christ" (the Son of God, the Great Sage) and receive the "blessing of the Lord". (4) The wisdom of man is made up of the wisdom of the Lord. (4) The wisdom of human beings is dominated by the God of the Origin (the mind). When we realise that we have made a mistake and blame ourselves, it is the God of the Origin (the Self, the Dharma, the Gog) who is complaining about the God of the Knowledge (the Soul, the Body, the Magog). The God of Knowledge in this life is active and dominant, and the fact that the God of Origin has asked the God of Knowledge to love religion is only a guide, but the God of Knowledge has to have the wisdom to choose for himself. When the God of Knowledge in this life (the soul, the body, and the magus) has attained great wisdom, and has attained the state of the God of Origin (the same as God, the Dharma body, and the Gog), and has "eyes like flames, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron", then he has "attained authority with the beasts "He becomes "Christ" and is no longer under the authority of the "ten kings", he has no more "ten horns" and is "the same as the He is "the same as the king".

27-17:13, "17:13 With one accord they gave their power and authority to the beast": (1) The soul of life (the God of knowledge, the body of Christ, the Magus), which dwells in the liver, and the "seven spirits" of the lungs, with one accord they gave their power and authority to the God of the firstborn (the one who is not different from God, the Dharma body, and the Gog), and who gives everything to see the God of the firstborn (the realization of "seeing the mind and the life"), so that they can become the Christ; only by becoming the Christ who has fulfilled his mission can they realize the kingdom of eternal life. (2) If one does not see the "beast" (God, Gog) in this life, one has not become the Christ, and one has failed to join the Teacher, and will be judged and punished by the King of the Ten Temples. This life is a waste of time, and you will be reincarnated again. (3) The method of seeing the "beast" (Yuan Shen, Ge Ge) is called "the non-dual method of seeing the mind and the nature" in Buddhism, "the golden elixir of life and the unity of heaven and man" in Taoism, and "the way of the golden elixir of life and the unity of heaven and man" in Confucianism. In Confucianism, it is called the "knowledge of heaven's destiny" through the "cultivation of the body and nature". (4) All three Confucianists lived to be 84 years old, and all three religions have well-developed teachings on the way to see the "beast" (the God of God, Gog), which is not found in Christianity. Jesus lived only 30 years, and they were all killed before they could perfect their "indoctrination into Christ". Why is this the case? Because of the "legalistic movement", because the conditions were not there. (5) The literal meaning of the word "Jehovah" is that the Christianity of Jesus had to come to China in response to the Chinese indoctrination, to come to China for further training in order to fill in the gaps in the doctrines that Jesus did not speak, and to make Christians into Christ. Another meaning is that the Christianity of Jesus will come to respond to the indoctrination of China and will come to the Lamb of China for further study to fill in the gaps in the doctrine that Jesus did not speak, so that Christians may become Christ. (6) It is the Christian religion which does not reject Christianity and which treats it as a "family" that is the place where Christianity will come to harmonize with the teaching of China, for it is the only denomination of the Lamb in China which carries forward the teaching of the White Sun, the denomination of the Lamb which "unveils the seven seals".

Revelation 17: The Victory of the Lamb (17:14-18)
27-17:14, "17:14 They will fight against the Lamb, and the Lamb will overcome them, for the Lamb is Lord of lords and King of kings. He who is with the Lamb, he who is called and chosen and faithful, will also triumph": (1) The Chinese Lamb from "the land of the rising sun" "unveiled the seven seals" and truly expounded the Book of Revelation when the Chinese Lamb's True Exposition of the Bible reached the Christian nations. When the Chinese Lamb's "True Exposition of the Bible" reached the Christian nations, the whole Christian religion was aghast, and of course they would not recognize the Chinese Lamb's exposition of the Book of Revelation. All the "Christian church groups" do not stand aloof from the "trampling" of the "Chinese Lamb", but they "fight the Lamb" in various ways. However, apart from some Christians, many wise people support the Chinese Lamb's interpretation of the Book of Revelation, because in a world dominated by wise people, all wise people "share the same feelings and are heroes". Therefore, the result of the Church group's "battle with the Lamb" was unexpected. The "Church group" did not expect the upper classes of the Western countries to fall to the "Chinese Lamb". (2) The Chinese Lamb will definitely win over their "devilish group" in the guise of Christianity, because the Lamb's opinions are well founded and not just imaginary rhapsodies, so they can make people go from being "enlightened" to "convinced". (3) The wise Westerners have the ability to make a difference. (3) Wise Westerners will know that the Chinese Lamb is only a spokesman for the "Lord of Lords and King of Kings" (God), an angel sent by God to educate the West, a messenger to bring the Christian nations from ignorance to reason and civilization, and that Western society should accept the "teaching of the Lamb (4) "With the Lamb" is the word of God.
(4) "Those who are with the Lamb", those who support the Chinese Lamb's interpretation of the Book of Revelation, are wise, sane and sober people who are the elite of Western society, the called, chosen and faithful "candidates for Christ, the preparatory Christ". (5) Those who are "with the Lamb", those who support the Chinese Lamb's interpretation of the Revelation, will also be victorious in the battle against the Christian "church groups", for they are the forces of righteousness in the world. (6) Those who "differ from the Lamb" and who do not agree with the Lamb's interpretation of the Book of Revelation are a devilish group, and they will also lose, for they are the evil party in the world. The eternal theme of the universe is that evil does not triumph over good.

27-17:15, "17:15 And the angel said to me, "The multitude of waters in which you saw the adulteress sitting is a multitude of people, a multitude of nations, and a multitude of directions": (1) not being high-minded, not doing noble things, not keeping the five commandments (killing, stealing, adultery, delusion, and wine), giving free rein to the "seven passions and six desires" (2) The "adulteress" is a woman who sits in the chair of the "adulterer". (2) The "many waters on which the adulteress sits" are the "many people, many nations, many countries, many parties", the "vulgar, short-sighted, vile, nasty" thoughts of "most people, ordinary people". The "multitude of the waters where the adulteress sits" flow together into a "vast sea of people".

27-17:16, "17:16 The ten horns and the beast that you saw will hate the adulteress and make her cold and naked, and will eat her flesh and burn her up with fire": (1) "The adulteress" is not a woman, but the life-giving soul of every human being (the God of knowledge, the (1) The "adulteress" is not a woman, but the soul of every human being (the god of knowledge, the body of God, the Magus). (2) The "ten horns" are the seven spirits of the lungs, which have breath. The "beast" is the self-nature from heaven (the genesis, the dharma, and the gog), and since no Christian knows the "three bodies" (the dharma, the dharma, and the incarnation), we have used "beast" as a substitute for the time being. The purpose is to leave you to guess. (3) Because of the vile and shameless nature of the "adulteress", the devil has put chains around your necks and led you into slavery in the devil's cave (church) with the mere words "God loves you, Jesus loves you". This adulteress, who cannot respect herself and has no shame, believes the devil's lies and expects to be "blessed by God" by "singing hymns and prayers". You are a Christian! Don't you even think that "God, who did not bless his only son Jesus", will bless you, poor wretch? "You are not even a Christ, and there are more than two billion Christians like you. You are all "lowlifes" who have been sold by the devil for not even a penny. (4) When the "ten horns and the beast" saw how "shameless" the person in this life was (the soul, the knowledge of God, the body, and the Magog), they were disappointed over and over again and became angry, so that they could turn him back, punish him for his sins, expose him to scandal, and bring him into disrepute. To "make her cold and naked" is to "make her cold and naked".
(5) If you kill an animal and eat its flesh, it will have a grievance, and it will ask the King of the Ten Temples for permission to report its grievance. The Yin Law of Hell clearly states that if you eat a bite of pork, you will be punished in the Pig Hell after death, where the pig (prison officer) with a copper mouth and steel teeth will eat ten bites of your flesh. Each bite will make you bleed and scream until the meat is finished and only the skeleton is left, then the punishment will stop at night to allow you to regain your human form and continue to be eaten by the pig the next day. The length of time you have to suffer in this hell depends on how much pork you ate during your life. The rest of hell (chickens, ducks, geese, fish, etc.) is the same, and you will be punished tenfold for whatever you have eaten. (6) There is no detailed explanation of the "Buddhist and Confucian journeys to hell", except for the Taoist Luan Tang, where the whole thing is written in great detail. Just as Western industrial civilization predated the East, so China's "reform and opening up policy", established in December 1978, has now surpassed the West in many areas by studying the West. The same applies to religious thought, which is not always "closed and locked up", but has to learn from other religions in time to make up for its shortcomings. Christianity has ignored the existence of others and regarded all denominations as "unholy", and the result of its own "blindness" is that it has taken "the Jewish doctrine that Jesus overthrew" as "the Jewish doctrine that Jesus made Christians into Christians". The result of Christianity's own "blinders on" is that it takes "the Jewish doctrine that Jesus overthrew" as "the indoctrination of Christians into Christ" without knowing it. Such a "teaching of the faithful" as "the singing of hymns and prayers and charity" has become the "Christian teaching of Jesus", and such an absurd idea has ruled the West for nearly two thousand years. This is the triumph of ignorance over civilisation, and it is the sorrow of the Western world! It is a disgrace to the whole of human society!
(7) Christians, who did not become "unchristian Christians" because they "sang hymns and prayers" during their lifetime, have all gone to hell because they took the "edification of the faithful" as the "teaching of Christ" during their lifetime. They are all criminals in hell, and will have to serve many years in different hells, where the punishment of hell (fire) will be used to "burn up" their sins. "burned up". (8) There is a category of people who cannot be "burnt up with fire" because they have invented a certain kind of magic that has been handed down to this day and beyond (e.g. "hymns and prayers"), and they keep on sinning and their sins keep on increasing. So, it is a "life sentence", with no "day of release" at all. Such a situation is called "a scourge for the ages". For example, the "Jewish priests" of the "Old Testament", whose words and deeds have been handed down by "Christians" to this day, are ancient people, but their words and deeds remain in the "Old Testament". Although he is an ancient man, his words and actions in the "Old Testament" continue to harm modern people today, so that he keeps on sinning and his sins keep on increasing. (9) How can such a "problem" be solved? God needs to send modern man (the Chinese Lamb) to overthrow his demonic heresy, so that no one will believe in his "Satanic indoctrination", and only then will he be "released from prison". When Jesus overthrew the Jewish order that practised the Old Testament and discouraged others from believing in the "nonsense of the priests of the Old Testament", he was trying to save those whose words and deeds remained in the Old Testament. The ancient Jewish priesthood, which is the original meaning of the phrase "love your enemies". To rebuke with the "two-edged sword of the mouth" "all those who do not allow Christians to become Christ are devils" is Christ "loving your enemies". Jesus rebuked the Jewish Church as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and this is what Jesus meant by "loving your enemies". (10) If you do not know what "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" are that Jesus rebuked, then you are "loving your enemies", and you are pure "Satan's minion, Satan's spokesman, Satan's incarnation You are pure "Satan's minion, Satan's mouthpiece, Satan's incarnation, Satan's devil".

27-17:17, "17:17 For God made the kings to be of one mind to do his will, and to give his kingdom to the beast, until all God's words were fulfilled": (1) God made the kings to be of one mind to do his will to "turn from evil to good, and to build a heaven on earth together for the common good (1) God made the kings to be of one mind to do His will that all men should "turn from evil to good and from the world to build a heaven on earth. (2) To be like Jesus, "the Son of God who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright bronze, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", is to "give his kingdom to the beast The son of God, with a face as bright as the sun, who hated the Nicolaitans and had the iron sceptre, "gave his kingdom to the beast. He who has not become "the son of God, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, and who has received a rod of iron," has not "given his kingdom to the beast. (3) To be "a son of God with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is to have followed God's "teaching to become Christ", that is, "the word of God has been fulfilled (4) You have become "a son of God". (4) If you have become a Christian who "sings hymns and prayers and does charitable works", you have not followed God's "teaching to be Christ", but you have followed Satan's "teaching to be a Jew and a minion of Satan". You have followed Satan's "teaching to become a Jew and a slave of Satan", which is "the fulfillment of Satan's words".

27-17:18, "17:18 The woman you saw is the great city that rules over all the kings of the earth": (1) "The woman you saw" does not refer to any one person, but to all people, to every person's knowledge of God (the soul, the body, the Magog). (2) "The kings" refers to the lord of all things on earth. "The woman is the great city that governs the kings of the earth", which means that all the kings of the earth are included in the knowledge of man, and that man is the ruler of the world. If there were no man, there would be no world, and even if there were, no one would know about it. Therefore, God says, "Within the three worlds (heaven, earth and man), man is the most precious. (3) Instead of honouring himself, man "burns incense and chants hymns" to the dead of old and expects the blessing of the God of heaven, which is a manifestation of man's lack of confidence that he is "the sovereign ruler of heaven and earth. He cannot be "the great city that rules over the kings of the earth", he is not as responsible as "the woman", and he certainly cannot be Christ, who is "one with God", but only a "respectful, worshipping Christian". They can only be "respectful, worshipping Christians". (4) Man is originally "a great city over the kings of the earth", but he does not have the self-confidence and responsibility of a ruler, yet he is happy to be a "Christian who respects God and worships the Lord". This is the "bad nature" of man, the sadness of human nature. It is this "bad nature" that leads the "spirits of demons" to penetrate everywhere, and to stuff hordes of Christians into devils' caves and hells".

Explanation of this article Note: In fact, every day the demons interfere with my exposition of the Book of Revelation, and the day before yesterday, and the day before that, there is a tendency to increase. Yesterday, on the morning of 27 June 2017, the demonic barrier was felt to be very heavy, and the demonic group organized a powerful formation to interfere with me (and make me think nonsense), because this is the core of the Book of Revelation. By noon, the websites (Liang Shan Wuji Palace, Xingtai Wuji Palace and Longyao Wuji Palace) could not be opened, leaving only one Zhongtianist website. I was worried that the Zhongtian Church website would not open either, so I posted this article to Tencent Space last night after ten o'clock. I was so tired that I lay down without practicing, but couldn't sleep.
The first time I got up at five o'clock on the 28th to practice, I didn't practice well either, so I went to cook. 28 morning, after cooperation with the space provider, I analyzed the website system, and several websites were opened. 28 afternoon 17:41:10, all four websites could not be opened. The space provider said the system was attacked by hackers, and the space provider's server room automatic protection facility was activated, temporarily masking the four websites (which will automatically open in a few hours), and then parsed to open them. This is the devil holding us back because he (Satan) will reluctantly withdraw from the "magic age" that has ruled mankind for over a thousand years, but the sovereign ruler of the universe is God.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 25 June 2017 29 10:25 Edit 27 July Xuanwu Mountain (Monkey Ancestor Peak), Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









