Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 47 Israel will inherit Satan's teachings forever
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down and worship those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) The "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.

Genesis 47 Joseph sends his five brothers to Pharaoh (47:1-6)
47:1 And Joseph went in and told Pharaoh, "My father and my brothers have come from the land of Canaan with their flocks and their herds and all that they have, and are now in the land of Goshen."
47:2 Joseph picked out five men from among his brothers and led them to Pharaoh.
47:3 Pharaoh asked Joseph's brothers, "What do you do for a living?" They said to Pharaoh, "Your servant is a shepherd of sheep, even our fathers were shepherds of sheep."
4. "47:4 And they said to Pharaoh, "There is a great famine in the land of Canaan, and the servant's flock has no grass to eat; therefore we have come to dwell in this land. Now let your servant dwell in the land of Goshen, I pray you." (1) "There was a great famine in the land of Canaan", indicating that the "Israelites" lacked the right spiritual food for their minds that would nourish their origins, and that the result of "heavenly inspiration" led to Famine. You Israelites say everything as "how is God, how is God" and blame "God" for everything, which means that your hearts are extremely empty and hungry. If you have the thought of "contentment and happiness", you will not have the emptiness and hunger in your hearts, and you will not say everything as "what about God". (2) Natural disasters usually occur in one region, and although Egypt and the land of Canaan where the "Israelites" lived were both in the same region, they were in two very different situations because of different beliefs, and this was Jehovah telling everyone which region's God was the true Jehovah and which region's God was Satan in the guise of Jehovah. (3) The fact that the Egyptian Pharaoh who believed in the sun god received an early warning of the coming famine shows that Pharaoh was a righteous man, otherwise he would not have received any warning, that the sun god Pharaoh believed in was a good god who saved people, and that there were "prophets of the sun god" in the kingdoms that believed in the sun god as well. (4) If God had not given Joseph inspiration, Joseph's mind would have gone blank and he would not have been able to interpret his dreams at all. The reason why Joseph was asked to interpret the dreams was not that Joseph was wise, but that God gave Joseph the inspiration to interpret the dreams, so that his family could come to know the kingdom of the Sun God, so that they could reflect on their own misconceptions of faith, not to stigmatize any faith outside of theirs as "unholy", and to give them the opportunity to cut off their national inferiority. (5) We know from the "interpretation of Joseph's dream" that "God is just and unselfish". The Chinese define "God" in this way: "To be upright and selfless is called God. God stands for "just and unselfish", and a just and unselfish God does not deal with anyone! (6) We know from the Old Testament that the Jewish "LORD" is all about "accepting bribes and bending the law" and is the opposite of "just and unselfish" The "narrow, selfish, mean and cruel" image of the devil, which is why Jesus gave his most precious life to awaken us! (7) If you read the Bible and do not know that Judaism is a pernicious devilish group, then you, as a Christian, have become a devil. If the Bible, the Ark of Christ, does not make you a Christ who "escaped the flood", you must be buried in the "sea of religion" because you do not know where the other shore is.

47:5 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Your father and your brothers have come to you.
6. "47:6 All the land of Egypt is before you; tell your father and your brothers to dwell in the best part of the country; they may dwell in the land of Goshen. If you know what able men there are among them, send them to watch over my cattle." (1) What do you say, Israelites, what did Pharaoh of Egypt, who believed in the sun god, do to you foreign "heathens"? Pharaoh is the true "incarnation of Jehovah", do you know that? (2) "Prophets who believe in the LORD" can only be "servants" to Egyptians who believe in the sun god, do you Israelites know this? Israelites, do you say that the "chosen people of God" are the Israelites? Or is it the Egyptians? (3) The family of the "prophets of the faith in the Lord", suffering from an unprepared famine, came to Egypt and "served" the Egyptians who believed in the sun god, because you Israelites were "God's chosen people"? Because you Israelites are "God's chosen people"? Who is the true "chosen people of God", "the Egyptians or the Israelites"? Is there anyone who does not know? (4) The Egyptian Pharaoh did not slander the Israelites as "unholy" because he believed in the sun god, and he took in the Israelites who were suffering from famine. Shouldn't the Israelites examine your own faith and your attitude towards the "heathen"?

Genesis 47: Jacob lies to Pharaoh (47:7-12)
47:7 Joseph led his father Jacob into Pharaoh's presence, and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
47:8 Pharaoh asked Jacob, "What are the years of your life?"
9. "47:9 Jacob said to Pharaoh, "The years of my sojourn on earth are one hundred and thirty years; the years of my life are few and bitter, less than the years of the sojourn of my fathers on earth." (1) "The days of my sojourn on earth are one hundred and thirty years", Jacob, only the Israelites believe such a lie because you are a "prophet" of the Israelites; no sane person outside the Israelites would believe such a lie because no one else is an Israelites. Do you understand? A lifelong liar! (2) "The years of my life are fewer and more bitter than the years of my fathers who lived on earth" because you have lied more than your fathers, see? Stupid pig.

10. "47:10 And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from the presence of Pharaoh." (1) The "blessing" given by the "prophet of the Lord" (the Jewish priests) to others was to say nice things that flattered, complimented, and pleased people, that is, irresponsible "falsehoods" that would satisfy people's desires It is Satan's spreading of "ecstasy", a form of "hypnosis" in the Western world today, which allows the ignorant to become complacent after the "blessing", and allows the ignorant to become complacent after the "blessing". It can make the ignorant gloat after a "blessing" and the wise feel sick! (2) Jacob "went into the presence of Pharaoh and blessed him", and after Pharaoh asked Jacob his age, knowing that Jacob was lying and deceiving, "Jacob blessed Pharaoh again", and then "went out from the presence of Pharaoh ". What does this tell us? Is there anyone who doesn't know? Anyone who does not know what this means is a Judaizer, a devil possessed by Satan who does not know right from wrong and who takes falsehood for truth.

47:11 And Joseph did the command of Pharaoh, and gave his father and his brothers the best land in the land of Egypt, which was in the territory of Ransay, to dwell in as an inheritance.
47:12 And Joseph fed his father and his brethren with grain, and all his father's household, according to the population of each family.

Genesis 47 Joseph bartered grain for livestock (47:13-17)
47:13 And the famine was great, and all the land was cut off, even the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan, because of the famine, and all the people were faint with hunger.
47:14 And Joseph gathered all the silver of the land of Egypt and of the land of Canaan, which the people had gathered for their grain, and Joseph brought it to Pharaoh's palace.
47:15 And when all the silver of the land of Egypt and of the land of Canaan was spent, all the men of Egypt came to Joseph and said, "We have used up all our silver; give us food, I pray you; why are we dying before you?"
47:16 And Joseph said, "If you have run out of silver, give me your cattle, and I will give you grain for your cattle."
17. "47:17 So they drove their livestock to Joseph, and he gave them grain in exchange for their oxen, sheep, donkeys, and horses. And in that year, because he had exchanged all their livestock, he fed them with grain." (1) Here is evidence that Joseph was lying when he said, "All the sheep herders were hated by the Egyptians. (2) This is also evidence that "all the Israelites who shepherded the sheep were hated by the Egyptians", because the Israelites who shepherded the sheep slandered the Egyptians for believing in the sun god as "unholy" and that only their Lord was the only true God. (3) Do you see? If you do not comment on the text as I have done, you will not be able to record your thoughts and discover the Divine Principle of Jehovah hidden in the Book of Genesis by merely reading the text with your eyes.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 47 Joseph changes the land with bread (47:18-26)
47:18 That year passed, and the next year they came to Joseph, saying, "We have not hidden from my lord, but we have spent all our silver, and all our cattle have come to my lord; we have nothing left in the sight of my lord but our bodies and our fields.
47:19 How can you bear to see us dead and desolate? Buy us and our land with grain, and we and our land will serve Pharaoh. And give us seed, that we may live and not die, and that the land may not be desolate."
47:20 So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh, and the Egyptians, being driven by famine, sold every man his field, and it all came to Pharaoh.
47:21 As for the people, Joseph told them to return to their cities from this side of Egypt to the other side of Egypt.
22. "47:22 But the land of the priests Joseph did not buy, because the priests had their regular salary from Pharaoh. And they ate of the constant salary that Pharaoh gave them, so they did not sell their land." (1) Egypt believed in the sun-god, not in the Israelite "Jehovah"; the Egyptian "priests" were also of the sun-god, not the Jewish priests who believed in Jehovah. Therefore, it can be concluded that it must have been the "sun god" who gave Pharaoh the dream, not "Jehovah". (2) Joseph was able to interpret Pharaoh's dream because the sun god told Joseph the hint of Pharaoh's dream. If the sun god had not inspired Joseph, Joseph would not have been able to interpret the dream accurately, because Egypt was the place of the sun god. If the sun god had not inspired Joseph, Joseph would not have been able to interpret the dreams accurately, because Egypt was the place of the sun god. The sun god gave Pharaoh the dream and made Pharaoh a "prophet of the sun god", which led to Joseph's interpretation. If Pharaoh had not become a "prophet of the Sun God", there would have been no Joseph to interpret the dreams. (3) Egypt believed in the sun god, and there were priests of the sun god in Egypt; the Egyptians did not believe in the "Jehovah" of the Israelites, which means that "Jehovah" was not the only true god, and that there was a true god other than Jehovah, which means that the Israelites The theory that "Jehovah is the only true God" is an untenable fallacy. (4) Egypt believed in the sun god, and Pharaoh was given a clear-cut dream. The Israelites believed in Yahweh, and the "prophets of Yahweh" had no "prophetic" words or actions to prove that they believed in the true Yahweh. Those of you who read the Bible, you need to take such things to heart before you can escape from Satan's cave. If you don't have such a thought, and are afraid to even think this way, it means that you will never have the chance to escape from the devil's den.

47:23 Joseph said to the people, "I have bought you and your land today for Pharaoh. Behold! Here is seed for you, that you may plant.
47:24 Later, when the grain is gathered, you shall give one-fifth to Pharaoh, and four parts may be yours for seed for the land and for food for you and for the children of your household."
47:25 They said, "You have saved our lives; may we be gracious in the sight of our Lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants."
26. "47:26 Then Joseph made a standing order for the land of Egypt to this day: Pharaoh shall have a fifth, but the land of the priests shall not go to Pharaoh." : (1) "Joseph set a regular pattern for the land of Egypt until this day" shows that Joseph was a wise servant. Joseph's wisdom could only be exercised if he left Israel, because Israel was a nation where the "prophet of the Lord" was the only one with divine authority, and anyone else with wisdom would be suppressed and excluded by the "Jewish priests", so there was no room for wisdom. (2) The average Jew could not have even a modicum of normal human wisdom, for if you had wisdom beyond that of the "prophets of the Lord" (the Jewish priests), you would be stigmatized as a great disrespecter of God! In Israel before there was a king, the "Jewish priests" were the "kings of the church". (3) "Pharaoh shall receive a fifth" is a reward for Pharaoh's dream prompting, showing that Pharaoh was a righteous man and that he deserved it. (4) "But the land of the priests did not go to Pharaoh" because the priests were responsible for sacrificing to the sun god, which also indicates that the Egyptian sun god was a good god who rewarded good and punished evil, and who distinguished between right and wrong. This shows that the Israelites' theory that "Yahweh is the only true God" is an untenable fallacy.

Genesis 47: Jacob's last command to Joseph (47:27-31)
47:27 And the children of Israel dwelt in the land of Goshen in Egypt, where they had set up an inheritance, and were fruitful.
28. "47:28 And Jacob dwelt in the land of Egypt seventeen years; and the years of Jacob's life were one hundred and forty-seven years." : (1) Does anyone dare question the "147 years" here? If you believe it, you are only a Judaizer and a slave of the devil. (2) "147 years" is a serious violation of "human science". In ancient times, when there was a serious lack of "medical conditions", it was impossible to live to be 100 years old. He was a demon-possessed man, and the devil would have taken his "essence", so he would never have been in good health.

29. "47:29 When the time of Israel's death drew near, he called his son Joseph and said, "If I have found grace in your sight, put your hand under my thigh and treat me with love and honesty; please do not bury me in Egypt." (1) "Under the thigh" is the most hidden and undisclosed part of a person's body, the genitals, and the bloodline, which must obey the will of the people. (2) "Please put your hand under my thigh" means "private", not to be told to a third person, but only to the two people involved; it indicates an agreement with the other person, which must not be broken; it is like a vow. (3) "Some interpreters believe that the thigh is a symbol of sovereignty or authority. Putting one's hand under the thigh indicates allegiance to one's superior" is all a demonic compulsion of Judaism.

47:30 When I sleep with my fathers and my father, you will bring me out of Egypt and bury me in the place where they are buried." Joseph said, "I will do as you command."
31, "47:31 And Jacob said, "Swear to me." And Joseph swore to him, and Israel worshipped God on the head of his bed (note: or "holding up the head of his staff")." (1) It shows that the "preconceived knowledge" was deeply rooted in Israel and unbreakable, and that Satan would surely succeed him, for Satan, like Yahweh, is immortal and will "change with the times". (2) It shows that the Egyptian belief in the sun god was not accepted by the Israelites and that the Israelites did not recognise their own shortcomings, and that the devil's minions did not abandon them because the devil did not make them true "prophets of Yahweh". This shows that Israel's inertia and inferiority is a persistent problem that cannot be removed from mankind.

(1) We must not be charmed or frightened by the words and storylines in Genesis. We must look at them with a sober, rational and normal mind, and not regard the "prophets of the LORD" as "infallible and unquestionable". "If you do so, you will not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", but a minion misled by Satan. (2) The Lord has filled the Bible with a large number of Old Testament passages in order to test your strength and wisdom, to see if you have been misled by the vast amount of "counter-quotes", and to see if you have the wisdom to "think backwards" in order to understand the The test is to see if you are misled by the sea of "counter-quotes" and to see if you have the wisdom to "think backwards" to spot the "questions". If you do, you will be "Christ with eyes like a flame". If you don't, you are "blind without ears". (3) The Lord has filled the Bible with a large number of New Testament passages in order to test your strength and wisdom, to see if you know which ones are not the real Jesus, but "word games" added by the church. If you know the "test questions", you will become "Christ with eyes like a flame". If you do not, you are "blind without ears". (4) Remember: The Bible was not written by Jesus at all, but by a church group hundreds of years after his death. Do you remember that?

Li Huaizhu Published on 17 Sep 2017 16:03am 17 Sep 19:10 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






