Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 11 "The Gate of God" is also the "Gate of Hell"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 11 The Building of the City and the Tower (11:1-5)
1. "11:1 In those days the accent and the speech of all the people were the same": (1) The book of Genesis was written in the remote antiquity, largely on foot, in a time of enlightenment when the land was sparsely populated. The "Ark of Noah", of which Nimrod is the captain, was a time when there were no other people to meet. The whole of the "Euphrates and Tigris" basin was their "domain". Even if there were people in the other three Edens, they would not know about them. (2) The "people of the world" are not the people of the "four Edens of the world", but the people of the "Euphrates and Tigris" basin where Noah's ark was located. Noah's ark was located in the basin of the Euphrates and Tigris rivers. "Everywhere the descendants of Noah's Ark went was their "world". So it is normal that "the accent and speech of the people of the world were the same", which means that they were a people with a common faith and the same cultural heritage.
2. "11:2 And when they had moved eastward, they found a plain in the land of Shinar, and dwelt there": Nimrod, the "valiant hunter", when they had moved eastward, they found a plain in "Babylon "They found a plain in the land of Shinar and lived there, becoming the first group to start human civilization there.
3. "11:3 And they took counsel with one another, saying, Come, let us make bricks, and let us burn them through. And they took bricks for stones, and stone-paint for mortar": (1) The Lord sent angels down to earth to be the inventors of the people and to solve the housing problem. (2) It was not as simple as "they consulted one another and said, "Come, let us make bricks and burn them through", but after more than three years and many trials. First they added water and clay to make dry clay blocks (brick bricks), and then they burned the bricks at high temperatures to make them into bricks. (3) "Stonewash" is oil, asphalt or tar. To "use stone paint as mortar" is to use asphalt to stick bricks together tightly and build a house. (4) The practice of "internal qi training" enables one to "gather the essence and transform it into qi" in order to realize that Gog (the original spirit and dharma body) flies out of the body for Magog (the destined soul and body of retribution) to see and complete the "unity of heaven and man "The foundation for becoming Christ. The concentrated practice of "internal training of one breath" is "making and burning bricks". (5) After "gathering the essence and transforming the qi", one realizes that Gog (the primordial spirit and the dharma body) flies out of the body for Magog (the life-soul and the retribution body) to see, and completes the "unity of heaven and man" to become Christ, which means "burning the bricks through (6) Expose the fact that the baptism of Jehovah's name is being used as a symbol of the unity of Christ. (6) Exposing the true nature of the devil, who is using the guise of Jehovah to confuse people, and telling them what the devil's harmful words and actions are, so that they can understand "right and wrong, true and false. The good virtue of "true, good, beautiful and ugly" is to "use stone and paint as mortar". (7) When you spend your life in such an atmosphere, you "make bricks and burn them thoroughly, and take stone and paint for mortar; and build a city and a tower, the top of which will reach heaven", and when you die, you will live forever in the kingdom of heaven.
4. "11:4 And they said, Come, let us build a city and a tower, the top of which will reach to heaven, that our name may be proclaimed, and that we may not be scattered abroad over the face of the earth": (1) "They said, Come", the disciples on "Noah's Ark". The disciples on the Ark, they said. Let us truly practise the LORD's teaching. (2) Purity and fasting are the "walls of the city". Keeping the five precepts (vegetarianism, not killing, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying and not drinking) is the "pure fast", which builds up the "walls" of the Kingdom of Heaven. By keeping the five precepts, a city is built. To "build a city" is to "keep the five precepts". The "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" are the six gates of the city. "Colour, sound, scent and touch" are the five desires, the "five snares". "Seeing, hearing and perceiving" are the four ministers of this city. The "colour, sound, scent and touch" are the six robbers who broke the city. (3) "A tower" is the "inner breath" that Jehovah taught Noah, which was the treasure of Noah's ark. If you learn the "inner breath" and have the words and deeds of the "valiant hunter", you will become the Christ, you will be able to realize the "top of the tower to the sky", you will be able to see the LORD at any time, and you will have the power to subdue demons and heal people. (4) Learn to "practice within". (4) When we have learned to "practice our inner breath" and have the words and deeds of a "valiant hunter", we become Christ and spread our name in the world as "Nimrod and Jesus" did. If we do not fall away during our lifetime, then we will live forever in heaven and will no longer be human beings on earth, "so that we may not be scattered over the whole earth".
5. "11:5 The LORD will come and see the cities and towers that the world has built": (1) The LORD will come to "Babylon". (2) The LORD will look at the "city and tower" built by the disciples of Noah's ark, and see how they have practised the LORD's teaching of "making Christians into Christ".
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 11: Distorted Accents (11:6-26)
6. "11:6 And the LORD said, "Behold! They have become the same people, and they all speak the same language; and now that they have done this, there will be nothing they will not do afterwards": (1) And the LORD said, "Behold! In the days when Nimrod was in charge of Noah's ark, they became a people of the same faith, all of them of the same word and doctrine. (2) Now that they have done this "becoming of Christ", there is nothing that they will not do in the future to "build a heaven on earth".
7. "11:7 And we went down, and there disturbed their accents, so that their speech might be incomprehensible to one another": (1) Not really "disturbed their accents", for the accents that people have always used cannot be changed at once, so that The "change of their accent" is a "metaphor", suggesting the emergence of a satanic teaching different from that of Yahweh. (2) With Satan's indoctrination "contradicting" Jehovah's, their speech becomes incompatible with each other, and they become "enemies of each other". (3) The purpose is to make it more difficult to become a Christ, to add to the test, to set "questions". It is as if in Noah's time it was "first grade" and in Nimrod's time it was "second grade", because human wisdom, as it accumulates over time, slowly opens up and has to be taken to the next level, and cannot always stop at the "first grade We cannot stop at the "first grade" level.
8. "11:8 Then the LORD scattered them from there over the whole earth, and they stopped working and did not build the city": (1) From the "Noahic age" to the "Nimrodic age", people (1) From the time of Noah to the time of Nimrod, people grew tired of the slow and boring teaching of Jehovah, and at this time Satan's teaching was growing and improving, and as Satan's teaching was accepted by the ignorant, people who were tired of Jehovah's teaching joined in. (2) They did not confront Nimrod head-on at first, but only resisted his indoctrination in private, and then became increasingly arrogant, for their numbers kept increasing. When Satan's indoctrination was sufficient to counteract Jehovah's, "their same faith, their same speech, their single accent" was gone, and the different faiths "confused their accents and made their speech incompatible with each other". (3) Many of the disciples of the Ark of Nimrod were under Satan's spell, and "they stopped working and did not build the city", and they left the Ark of Nimrod because of Satan's colourful They left the Ark of Nimrod because their curiosity was satisfied by the variety of Satan's "works" (man-made methods), which allowed them to indulge in "prayer, prayer, meditation", a practice that was the opposite of the "Magog", and in the "Gog". (4) Satan's indoctrination is not the same as that of the Ark of Nimrod. (4) The most attractive aspect of Satan's indoctrination is that it is not necessary to "do righteousness and self-sacrifice", because many people do not have the heart to "do righteousness and self-sacrifice", but are full of selfishness and selfishness, and can, in the name of the LORD "In short, Satan's indoctrination gives those who are not righteous the "delusion of cultivation", which is "so they stopped working and did not build the city". This is the reason why they left the "ark of Nimrod" to become disciples of Satan.
9. "11:9 For the name of the city was Babel, because the LORD had disturbed the words of the world there, and had scattered the people over the face of the earth. "(1) Because Yahweh had Satan's indoctrination there, the single "ark of Nimrod" of Yahweh's indoctrination was no longer unique, and thus the words of the people of the world were disturbed. (2) The different indoctrination produced different beliefs, and the different beliefs scattered the people over the whole earth, so that they were no longer unified and centralized. (3) Therefore the name of the city of Babylon was Babel, which means "disorder". (4) "Babylon" was originally the "gate of God", a place where Christians could become the fulfillment of the eternal kingdom of Christ. Later, with Satan's indoctrination, the city of "Babylon" was called "Babel", which means "turmoil" and the "gates of hell (5) "Babylon" was called "Babel", which means "turmoil" and "gate of hell". (5) "Babylon" has a double meaning, not only as the "gate of God", but also as the "gate of hell". It is the Chinese saying, "If you do not have the right way, you will be evil", which means that if you love religion and become a disciple of it, you will become a devil if you do not become Christ. Religion is an "ark", and if it does not bring you through to become "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron", you become "dead on the ark and buried in the sea of law". "There is no such thing as being "left alone" without being Christ.
11:10 The descendants of Shem are recorded below: two years after the flood, when Shem was a hundred years old, he begat Arphaxad.
11:11 And after Shem had begotten Arphaxad, he lived another five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:12 And Arphaxad lived to be thirty-five years old, and begat Shallah. 11:13 And after Arphaxad begat Shallah, he lived four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:14 And Shalah lived to be thirty years old, and begat Heber. 11:15 And after Shalah begat Heber, she lived four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:16 And Heber lived until he was thirty-four years old, and begat Pharaoh. 11:17 And after that he begat Pharaoh, he lived four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:18 And Pharaoh lived to be thirty years old, and begat Rahab. 11:19 And Pharaoh lived after he begat Rahab two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:20 And Lahweh lived until he was thirty-two years old, and begat Zeru. 11:21 And Lahweh lived after he begat Zeru two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:22 And Silu lived to be thirty years old, and begat Nahor. 11:23 And after Silu begat Nahor, she lived two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:24 And Nahor lived to be twenty-nine years old, and begat Terah. 11:25 And after Nahor begat Terah, he lived a hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.
11:26 And Terah lived to be seventy years old, and begat Abram, and Nahor, and Haran.
[Note: These are all "psychological tests and IQ tests". If you believe them, you are "blind without ears" and a lackey of the devil.
Genesis 11 Abram leaves Ur and goes to Canaan (11:27-32)
11:27 The descendants of Terah are recorded below: Terah begat Abram, Nahor and Haran. Haran begat Lot.
11:28 Haran died in his native Ur of the Chaldees, before his father Terah.
11:29 And Abram and Nahor each took a wife: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife was Micah, the daughter of Haran; and Haran was the father of Micah and of Micah.
11:30 Sarai was barren and childless. 11:31 Terah took his son Abram and his grandson Lot son of Haran, and Sarai wife of his son Abram, and went out of Ur of the Chaldees to the land of Canaan. They went to Haran and stayed there.
32. "11:32 And Terah lived 205 years, and died in Haran": any statement about being over 100 years old is a "word game, a test question", and if you believe it, you are a "blind man without ears If you believe this, you are "blind without ears" and a servant of the devil.
(1) From "Noah's ark" to "11:9 where the LORD disturbed the words of the people of the world", it means that "Noah's ark" had completely completed its mission and the kingdom of heaven The gates of heaven were closed and no one was accepted back into heaven as Christ. Such a stage of preaching the Law and returning people to heaven is the "Lawful Movement". (2) Although Noah's Ark had completed its mission, the "faith of the LORD" remained in the world. Satan would then promote his magic under the guise of Jehovah. (3) Here onwards there was "Abram" the first "prophet of Yahweh", the first "priest of Judaism", and the first Satan in the guise of Yahweh. (4) The whole of the Old Testament (4) The whole Old Testament is a scandalous farce of the "Jewish priests", except that Jehovah does not state this directly, but uses the literary technique of "reverse thinking" to show the true nature of Satan. The reason Jehovah does this is to see which of us is wise enough to see Satan for what he is.
Posted by Li Huaiju on 20 Aug 2017 11:50 20 Aug 2017 20:00am Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
 ()Read the original article