Bible Old Testament Book 9 1 Samuel True Commentary on the Trial of Samuel Description
(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the LORD. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together in one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Note: I. Some of the inverted commas below are from the original text of the Bible, while others are from the "devotional version" of the interpretation. The answers are basically those of my disciple, Yuan Ming Di Zi (Yuan Jishun), and the more detailed parts of the explanation are edited by me.
Summary: 1. This article mentions "Eli and Samuel", two Jewish "priests". "Eli's two sons were wicked men who did not know the LORD; Samuel's sons did not practice his ways, were greedy for wealth and profit, took bribes, and abused righteousness", indicating that "Eli and Samuel" were both demonic kings of Judaism who could not educate their families well or demonstrate the "2. This article mentions the life of Saul, the first king of Israel, and his successor, the early David.

The two sons of Eli were wicked men who did not know the LORD. There were no good people in the house of the priests, but all were demons who sinned through God.
2. 4:11 And the ark of the covenant of God was taken away, and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were killed. [Illustration: The use of "burnt offerings" to blaspheme and insult "Yahweh" and to demagogue the people brought retribution.
3. 8:1-3 When Samuel was old, he made his sons teachers of Israel. The first son's name was Joel, and the second son's name was Abiathar, and they were teachers in Beersheba. His sons did not walk in his ways, but were greedy for money, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. [Note: As long as the "priests" (preachers) drink wine and eat meat, they are the embodiment of a mean and cruel demon].
4. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, and said to him, "You are old, and your son does not walk in your ways. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." [Note: Jewish "priests" in the guise of Yahweh were notoriously hated and feared by the common people].
5. 12:1 And Samuel said to all Israel, "I have granted you what you have asked of me, and have made a king for you. [Illustration: was compelled by public opinion].
6, 15:11 "I made Saul king, and I regretted it, because he turned away and did not follow me, and did not keep my commandments." Then Samuel was greatly distressed, and cried to the LORD all the night. [Note: The true nature of the devil is revealed. This is why all the "priests" (preachers) compel kings with lies and scandalize them with words].
7. 15:35 Samuel did not see Saul again until the day of his death, but Samuel grieved over Saul because the LORD regretted making him king over Israel. [Note: "regretted" because it was not his intention, but he was forced by the people to do so.

I have spent a lot of time studying this text sentence by sentence, and when I was about to finish my examination of 2 Samuel in the Old Testament, I had the following reflections on the phrase "Samuel was the last of the teachers of Israel, the first priest and prophet of the kingdom, and a model for the teachers of the people": (1) (1) "Samuel was the last of the teachers of Israel", which means that before "Samuel" Israel was ruled by a "papal" form of government, that is to say, a "church and state" political system. The political system of "church and state". The "priests", because they were the enforcers of the Mosaic Law, were kings (dictators) who were "party, government and military". Because the "priests" could do whatever they wanted in the name of "God", the people had no semblance of "democratic power", so they hated and feared the "priests". So the people hated and feared the "priests" and dared not speak out in anger. So the Israelites longed for a foreign "kingship" to replace the "unity of church and state" of the "priests". In the face of the rising public demand for "democracy", the "priests" had to take a step back, but were not willing to lose all their power and authority, so they appointed, under the guise of God The "priests" then appointed, under the guise of God, "a powerful and influential man who was desired by all" as king. In this way, not only is the king grateful to him, but he is given the power to "appoint kings" and the "priest" remains the "pope". (2) With the king governing the people of Israel, the role of the "pope", the "priest", was much diminished, for the king was "the one who is desired by all and who has the hearts of the people", and the military and political affairs were directed by the king. The priests would have been distorted by the fact that the king was "the one who had won the hearts and minds of the people" and that the military administration was directed by the king, which would have made the "pope" uncomfortable. In order to "balance the mind and satisfy the vanity", the "priests" will certainly "fault" the king, which will lead to all kinds of conflicts. It is understandable how the "priests" would treat the king in order to evaluate him.
(3) The "kings" ruled the people by the power of the state, while the "priests" ruled the people by religious ideas, so that the "kings" and "priests" had something in common and something different. They are both "leaders", but the difference is that "government and religion" are not "united", so they are "separate". The difference is that without the "unity" of "politics and religion" there would have been disagreements because of the "separation". The "priests" ruled the people with religious ideas (the prestige of God) and the "kings" with their personal charisma of "pacifying the world and benefiting the people", so that The "priests" were at a distinct disadvantage. The priests, desperate for power and prestige but repeatedly disappointed, had a distorted mentality, which is to be expected.
(4) In the Old Testament era, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (4) In "Old Testament" times, the person who recorded history was not the "king", but the "priest" who held a "hatred for the king", so that the "king" under the "priest's" pen had "water "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences.
(5) The "Christians" after the "Old and New Testaments" did not have the words and actions of Jesus against the "Old Testament" (Jewish priests), so they did not have in them None of them had the "flesh and blood of Jesus" in them, and none of them continued the "bloodline of Jesus". Not only do "Christians" not speak and act against the "Old Testament" (Jewish priesthood) as Jesus did, but they also do not know that "singing hymns and prayers" is using The "Christians" not only do not have the same opposition to the "Old Testament" (the Jewish priesthood) as Jesus did, but also do not know that the "chanting of hymns and prayers" is using "Jewish doctrine" to obliterate the "teachings of Jesus". The "Christians" would therefore accept the "Old Testament" in their hearts and promote it as "Christianity". In other words, the words and actions of the ancient "priests, prophets, teachers and missionaries" have been handed down by today's "priests and ministers" to obliterate the "teaching of Jesus", so they are all "Judaizers" who killed Jesus. They are therefore the "Judaizers" who killed Jesus.
(6) If you read the explanation in the "Spiritual Version of the Bible", you will know that today's "priests and ministers" are "priests, prophets, teachers and missionaries" of the "Old Testament" era. They are the disciples of the "priests, prophets, teachers and preachers" of the Old Testament, the "Judaizers" of the New Age under the guise of "Christianity", and not at all the "disciples of Jesus" who oppose the "Old Testament". They were not "disciples of Jesus" who opposed the Old Testament. None of them had the righteousness to avenge Jesus and overthrow the "Old Testament" again. They had all been brainwashed and suppressed by the devil to become "Judaizers" who had obliterated the "teachings of Jesus".
(7) "Jehovah and the King" is a puppet used by the "Judaizers" (priests) to promote "Jewish doctrine". Without "Jehovah and the King", the "Jewish doctrine" would not be alive and powerful. This is what we all know as the "celebrity effect, the killing of a chicken, and the holding of the son of God over his lords".

V. How many years ago was the writing of 1 Samuel completed? How old was the author? What did he do for a living? Answer: 1050 years ago. The author was 70 years old at the time. He was a member of the temple staff.

6. [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"]: "Samuel was the last of Israel's teachers, the first priest and prophet in the reign of kings, and a model for all teachers. He ruled the people by God's holy word, not by arbitrary action. Samuel anointed the first king of Israel": (1) Samuel was the last teacher of Israel's Judaism, the "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" whom the Christian Jesus rebuked. (2) When the people saw that there was a king in a foreign country, they asked the Jewish priests to explain to the Lord that He would give Israel a king, but they did not want to accept the rule of the priests as a "dictator". The king had taken away the power of the "dictator", so we can imagine how the priests would have dealt with the "power grabber", the king. (3) "The first priest and prophet in the days of the kings was a model for all the teachers", and with the kings, the Jewish priests were abdicated "dictators", whose ugly words and deeds we shall see later.
(4) In the early days of Samuel's reign, he taught the people by the "word of God" and did not teach them the difference between right and wrong, nor did he outlaw the evil tradition of the "sacrifice of life", which means that he This means that he did not escape the bare shell of the "priesthood reduced to a devil's advocate" of the ages. "Soon after he became a "priest", Samuel was driven by lust to do what he wanted. (5) This was the case with almost everyone, which is why the "leaders" had to abolish the "tenure system". (6) Although Samuel "anointed the first king of Israel", he was forced to do so at the request of the people, not because he wanted to do so, but because he was forced to do so by the people, for they knew that he was a devil who "sinned through God and compelled the people". He was forced to do so by the people because they knew that he was a devil who "sinned through God and perverted the hearts of the people" and therefore wanted a king who would defend the interests of the people instead of the dictator, the "Jewish priest".
(7) A "priest and prophet" who cannot "abstain from killing" to demonstrate God's love is a devil in disguise. If one does not know who the "Jewish priest and prophet" is, but takes him as a "model for all teachers", it means that the whole of "Christianity" is The whole "Christianity" is a group of demons who "drink wine, eat meat and speak nonsense". (8) It was because of the "Old Testament indoctrination" that the "words and deeds of Jesus" overthrew the "Old Testament", and this is the reason for the "crucifixion of Jesus". This is the reason for the "crucifixion of Jesus". (9) The "Old Testament" was originally an indoctrination that Jesus opposed, and the "Christians" did not distinguish between the "Old Testament and the New Testament" and practised the "Old Testament". This is why "Samuel" became "a model for all teachers". (10) To overturn the teaching of the Old Testament with the words and deeds of the New Testament Jesus is to be the "first hand of Jesus". Jesus died in vain if there was no direct lineage of Jesus, and this is Jesus' greatest regret.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 Mar 2017 21:04:16 Edited 3 Nov in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





