Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary 11 The priests insulted David with lies
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original Part: This scandal is the devil insulting David with lies
11:1 After a year, when it came time for the kings to go to war, David sent Joab again with his servants and all Israel into battle. So they defeated the Ammonites and besieged Rabbah. David was still living in Jerusalem.
11:2 One day, when the sun was flat in the west, David rose from his bed and marched on the flat roof of the palace, and saw a woman bathing and looking very beautiful.
11:3 So David sent for someone to inquire who the woman was. And it was said, "She is Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite."
11:4 David sent for the woman and brought her to him. It was then that she was cleansed of her menses. When she came, David went to bed with her, and she went home.
11:5 Then she conceived, and sent to tell David, "I am pregnant."
11:6 David sent to Joab and said, "Send Uriah the Hittite to me." So Joab sent Uriah to David.
11:7 When Uriah came, David asked Joab how he was, and how the soldiers were, and how the battle was going.
11:8 David said to Uriah, "Go home and wash your feet!" Uriah went out of the king's palace, and then the king gave him a portion of food.
11:9 But Uriah slept outside the palace gate with his master's servants, and did not go home.
11:10 Someone told David, "Uriah has not gone home." So David asked Uriah, "Why did you not go home, when you came up from a long way?"
11:11 Uriah said to David, "The ark of the covenant and the soldiers of Israel and Judah are living in the tents, and my lord Joab and my lord's (note: or "king's") servants are camped in the field. Shall I go home to eat and drink, and sleep with my wife? I swear before the king (note: "I swear by the king and by his life") that I will not do this!"
11:12 David commanded Uriah, saying, "Stay here today, but tomorrow I will send you away." So Uriah stayed in Jerusalem that day and the next day.
11:13 David summoned Uriah and told him to eat and drink in his presence, and made him drunk. When evening came, Uriah went out to stay with his Lord's servant, and had not yet returned to his house.
11:14 The next morning David wrote a letter to Joab, and gave it to Uriah to take with him.
11:15 And it was written in the letter, "Send Uriah forward to the extreme danger of the position, and then you will fall back and cause him to be killed."
11:16 When Joab besieged the city, he knew that the enemy had warriors there, and he sent Uriah there.
11:17 The men of the city came out and fought against Joab. Several of David's servants were slain, and Uriah the Hittite died.
11:18 So Joab sent men to tell David all about the battle.
11:19 and commanded the messenger, saying, "When you have finished telling the king everything about the battle
11:20 If the king is angry and asks you, 'Why are you fighting near the walls of the city? Do you not know that the enemy will shoot arrows from the city?
11:21 Who was it that killed Abimelech, the son of Jerubisheth (note: "Jerubbaal", see Psalm 9:1)? Was it not a woman who threw a millstone from the city and struck him, and he died in Tiberias? Why do you come near the wall?' Then you said, 'Uriah the Hittite, the king's servant, is also dead.'"
11:22 The messenger arose and came to David, and told him what Joab had commanded him.
11:23 The messenger said to David, "The enemy is stronger than we are, and has gone out into the country to fight against us, and we have pursued them until the gates of the city.
11:24 The archers shot the king's servants from the city and killed several of them, and Uriah the Hittite died."
11:25 And the king said to the messenger, "Tell Joab, 'Do not be grieved by this, for there is no certainty that the sword will devour this man or that man, but do your utmost to attack the city and to overthrow it.' With these words Joab may be encouraged."
11:26 When Uriah's wife heard that her husband Uriah had died, she wept over him.
11:27 When the days of mourning were over, David sent for her and brought her to the palace, and she became David's wife, and gave David a son. But the LORD was not pleased with what David had done.

Explanation: This lie is flawed in a number of ways
10-79, (1) "11:1 After a year, when the kings went into battle, David sent Joab again with his servants and all Israel into battle. So they defeated the Ammonites and besieged Rabbah. David still lived in Jerusalem", Q. Is that so? (2) "11:2 And it came to pass on a day when the sun was level in the west, that David rose from his bed, and promenaded on the flat roof of the king's palace, and saw a woman bathing and looking very beautiful", Q: Is that so? (3) "11:3 Then David sent to inquire who the woman was. They said, "She is Bathsheba the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Could the woman be seen bathing in the courtyard on the flat roof of the palace when the sun was flat in the west? Can you see "a beautiful face"? Did all the Israelites have "walls" in their houses in those days? Even if there were "walls", would nudes be bathed in broad daylight? (3) This was a lie used by the "priests" to slander and defame David. There was no such thing as "Uriah and Bathsheba". (4) There are many similarities in the Bible, and the LORD has left a loophole for you readers to find. If you are charmed by the "myths" in the Bible, you will believe the scriptures and not think about them, and you will not be able to detect the holes and become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". If you listen to a "priest", you will believe in the scriptures, because the "priest" is a modern "Jewish prophet", but in a different "Christian" guise. The "priest" is a modern "Jewish prophet", but in a "Christian" guise.

10-80, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version:" 11:3-4 To escape temptation: (1) Pray earnestly that God will help you to turn away from people, places and opportunities that may tempt you. (2) Meditate on the verses that address your particular weaknesses. Most temptations are rooted in human needs and desires that God can meet, but we must trust in His timing. (3) Find another Christian who is a confidant and confide in him your inner struggles and sufferings, and ask him for help when you are tempted", and ask: Is that so? Answer: Whoever does what this devil says will become a slave of the devil.
10-81, (1) "11:4 David sent for the woman and brought her in. It was then that she was cleansed of her menses. When she came, David went to bed with her, and she went home", Q. Is this true? (2) "11:5 Then she conceived, and sent and told David, saying, I am pregnant", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) There is no such thing. (2) This was the devil's priest insulting David, who was firmly established in power, with a lie.
10-82, "11:6 And David sent to Joab, saying, Send me Uriah the Hittite. So Joab sent Uriah to David. 11:7 When Uriah came, David asked how Joab was, and how the soldiers were, and how the war was going. 11:8 David said to Uriah, "Go home and wash your feet!" Uriah went out of the king's palace, and then the king gave him a portion of food. But Uriah slept outside the palace gate with his master's servant and did not go home"; Q: Is that so? Answer: There is no such thing.
10-83, (1) "11:11 And Uriah said to David, "The ark of the covenant and the soldiers of Israel and Judah are dwelling in the sheds, and my lord Joab and my lord's (note: or "king's") servants are encamped in the field. Shall I go home to eat and drink, and sleep with my wife? I dare swear before the king that I will not do this", Q. Is this so? (2) "11:13 David summoned Uriah and told him to eat and drink in his presence, and made him drunk. When evening came, Uriah went out to stay with his lord's servant, and had not yet returned to his house", Q: Is this true? Answer: There is no such thing. The devil's lie.
10-84. (1) "11:14 The next morning David wrote a letter to Joab, and gave it to Uriah to take with him. 11:15 And it was written in the letter, "Send Uriah forward to a place of great danger, and you will fall back, so that he may be killed. (2) "11:16 When Joab besieged the city, he knew that the enemy had warriors there, so he sent Uriah there. The men of the city came out and fought against Joab. Several of David's servants were killed, and Uriah the Hittite died", Q: Is this true? Answer: There is no such thing. This is a lie of the devil.

10-85, (1) "11:18 So Joab sent men to tell David all about the battle, 11:19 and commanded the messengers, saying, When you have finished speaking to the king about all the battle, 11:20 if the king is angry and asks you, saying, Why are you fighting near the walls of the city? 11:21 Who was it that killed Abimelech, the son of Jerubisheth (note: "Jerubbaal", see Psalm 9:1), from before? Was it not a woman who threw a millstone from the city and struck him, and he died in Tiberias? Why do you come near the wall of the city? And you said, "Uriah the Hittite, the king's servant, is also dead", and asked, "Is that so? (2) "11:23 And the messenger said to David, The enemy is stronger than we are, and has gone out into the country to fight against us; and we have pursued them until the gates of the city. And the archers shot the king's servants from the city, and killed some of them, and Uriah the Hittite also died", Q: Is this true? Answer: There is no such thing.
10-86, (1) "11:25 And the king said to the messenger, Tell Joab, 'Do not be grieved at this, for there is no certainty that the sword will devour this man or that man, but do your best to attack the city and to overthrow it.' May this word be used to encourage Joab", Q. Is this so? (2) "11:26 When the wife of Uriah heard that her husband Uriah was dead, she wept over him. 11:27 When the days of wailing were over, David sent for her and brought her to the palace, and she became David's wife, and gave David a son. But the LORD was not pleased with this thing that David did". Answer: There is no such thing.

10-87, [Explanation of the "Devotional Version:] "11:25 David, who had mourned deeply over the deaths of Saul and Daniel (1:3; 3:31-39), was not distressed at the loss of the faithful Uriah, a spiritual warrior. What is the reason for this? The reason is that he has become numb to his sin and no longer feels guilty about it, so he has set out to cover up his sin of adultery - to sin again". "Confess your sins to God before you lose the ability to discern them", Q. Is this true? "Confess your sins to God before you lose the ability to discern them" is the whole doctrine of "Christianity", that is, you are a normal person before you become a believer. This is the whole doctrine of "Christianity", that one is a normal person before one believes, but after one believes in "Christianity" one becomes a "poor sinner", is this the "teaching of Jehovah and Jesus"? Answer: (1) The slander was fabricated by later generations, and was the work of rivals. David did not even know the man "Uriah", it was the "priests" who slandered David with lies. The wise king was so popular that the "priests" became unimportant and were left out of the picture, so that every "priest" had a "grudge" against the king. Before there was a king, they were all "priests", but the king made the "pope" step down and lose his authority. The "priests and kings" are therefore ingrates. (2) To be a normal person "before you lose the ability to discern sin", and not necessarily to have sinned, is to "confess your sins to God first", which is the devil's way of instilling "ecstasy" into the minion. "This is what the "evil gods and priests" want: to be a sinner at all times before them. The righteous God, Yahweh, would never allow a normal person to become a psychopath who "has to confess his sins to God first", and therefore Judaism is truly a "demonic religion". (3) To be a normal person before you become a believer and to become a "wretched sinner" after you become a "Christian" is not the "indoctrination of Jehovah and Jesus". This is "Judaism" under the guise of "Christianity".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





