Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 9 The king-in-waiting was called "Saul"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were puppets for the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings also committed some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
9:1 There was a Benjamite named Kish, the grandson of Apheia the Benjamite, the great-grandson of Priscilla, the grandson of Zerubbabel, the son of Abel, a mighty warrior (note: or "great wealthy man").
9:2 And he had a son named Saul, who was strong and handsome, and there was none among the children of Israel like him; and his body was taller than all the people by a head.
9:3 When Kish, Saul's father, had lost some donkeys, he commanded his son Saul, saying, "Take one of your servants and go and look for the donkeys."
9:4 So Saul went through the hill country of Ephraim, and through the land of Shalisha, and found none of them; and through the land of Salem, and the donkeys were not there; and through the land of Benjamin, and still they were not found.
9:5 When he came to the land of Succoth, Saul said to his servant who was following him, "We might as well go back, lest my father worry about us instead of the donkey."
9:6 The servant said, "There is a man of God in this city, whom all men respect, and all his words are fulfilled. Why don't we go to him, or perhaps he can show us the way we should go?"
9:7 Saul said to his servants, "If we go, what can we send to that man? We have eaten all the food in our pockets, and we have no gift to give to the man of God; what do we have left?"
9:8 The servant answered Saul, "I have in my hand a quarter of a shekel of silver to give to the man of God, that he may show us the way we should go."
9:9 (In the old days, if anyone in Israel went to ask God, he said, "Let us ask the prophet!") (What is now called a prophet was once called a seer.)
9:10 Saul said to his servant, "Yes, you say, we can go." So they went to the city where the man of God was staying.
9:11 As they went up the slope to enter the city, they met some young women who had come out to fetch water, and asked them, "Are the seers here?"
9:12 The women answered and said, "Here he is. He is here before you, so go! He is coming to the city today, because today the people are going to offer sacrifices at the altar of Kew.
9:13 You will meet him as soon as you enter the city, before he has gone up to the altar to eat the sacrifice, for the people cannot eat until he arrives, but wait until he has first consecrated the sacrifice, and then the guests who have been invited will eat. Now go up, and you will meet him at this time."
9:14 And the two went up. As they were going into the city, Samuel was coming to meet them, to go up to the altar of Kew.
9:15 The day before Saul arrived, the LORD had instructed Samuel, saying.
9:16 "Tomorrow at this time I will send a man to you from the land of Benjamin, and you shall anoint him to be king over my people Israel. He will deliver my people from the hand of the Philistines; for the lamentations of my people have come up to me, and I have looked on them with favor."
9:17 And when Samuel saw Saul, the LORD said to him, "Behold! This is the man of whom I have spoken to you; he will rule my people."
9:18 Saul came up to Samuel in the gate of the city and said, "Tell me, where is the abode of the prophets?"
9:19 Samuel answered and said, "I am the prophet. Go up before me to the altar of Kew, for you will sit with me today, and tomorrow morning I will send you and tell you all that is in your heart.
9:20 As for the donkeys which you lost three days ago, do not let your heart be troubled, for they are found. Who is it that all Israel looks up to? Is it not you and all your father's house?"
9:21 Saul said, "Am I not a Benjamite, the least of the tribes of Israel? Is not my house the smallest of the tribe of Benjamin? Why do you say such things to me?"
9:22 Samuel led Saul and his servant into the hall of visitors, and made them sit at the head of the guests who had been invited, who were about thirty in number.
9:23 Samuel said to the cook, "The portion of the meat offering that I gave you to store up, you may now bring it."
9:24 So the cook brought in the leg that had been collected and set it before Saul. Samuel said, "This is what is left; put it before you and eat it! For when I invited the people, I purposely kept this meat for you until this time." On that day Saul sat down with Samuel.
9:25 The people came down from the altar of Kew into the city, and Samuel and Saul were talking on the housetops.
9:26 The next day they rose early in the morning, at dawn, and Saul was on the housetop. Samuel called to him, saying, "Get up! So that I may send you back." So Saul got up and went out with Samuel.
9:27 And when they had gone down to the corner of the city, Samuel said to Saul, "Tell the servants to go first (and they went first); stand here until I deliver the word of God to you."

Explanatory section.
9-36, "Tomorrow at this time I will send a man to you from the land of Benjamin, and you shall anoint him to be king over my people Israel. He will deliver my people from the hand of the Philistines; for the cry of my people will come to me, and I will look on them". Answer: (1) No, it was added by the author. (2) The writers of the Old Testament were all "priests" and they could only write from the point of view of protecting the authority of their "priests", which is the simplest This is "psychology" in its simplest form.
9-37: "And Samuel led Saul and his servants into the hall of honour, and made them sit in the first place among the guests who had been invited, and there were about thirty of them". Answer: At this time "Samuel" had to delegate his authority because "Saul" was more powerful than him.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited 1 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





