Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 18) Church Group Thrown Down by the Lamb
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 18: The City of Babylon Fell (18:1-3)
27-18:1, "18:1 After this I saw another angel of great power descending from heaven, and the earth shone with his glory": (1) The world is made up of five basic substances, "gold, wood, water, fire and earth", and earth, that is "(1) The world is made up of five basic substances, namely, gold, wood, water, fire and earth. (2) The "angel of great power" has interpreted the Bible's Book of Revelation to reveal a Christianity that has never existed before. (3) This "other angel of great power" is from the "land of the rising sun" and is the "Chinese Lamb" who "unveils the seven seals". (3) This "other angel of great power" is from the "land of the rising sun" and is the "Chinese Lamb" who "unveils the seven seals". If the "Chinese Lamb" was not an "angel of great authority", he could not have interpreted the Book of Revelation. There have been many attempts to expound the book of Revelation throughout history, but they have only been able to guess at the surface of the text, and have not written a series of articles, sentence by sentence, showing that they are all "blind men without ears". (4) All the expositors of the Revelation are not out of the circle of "mixing the Old Testament and the New Testament", nor do they have the sense and courage to be hostile to Judaism, which practises the "Old Testament", and they are all "warm water that is neither hot nor cold". "Therefore, neither of them could be a "Christ on the battlefield" with Jesus, who "hated the Nicolaitans", and neither of them had the full support of Jesus. If you read the Book of Revelation, you will find that only the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation by the "Chinese Lamb" is the true interpretation, and you will find that Jesus and the "Chinese Lamb" are like one and the same person. This is what the Chinese people often call "the three Buddhas of the ten directions sharing one body of law".
(5) Satan has been manipulating the Bible, and everyone who interprets the Bible has been hindered and obstructed by the "high level Satan" (who is over 7,000 years old), and can only be possessed by Satan and become a tool for Satan's misinterpretation of the Bible. "Almost all of the interpretations of the Bible are Satanic and are the opposite of the original meaning. This is because no one can truly interpret the book of Revelation without God's approval and protection until the time of the "Last Judgment and the Marriage Supper of the Lamb" and until the time of the true interpretation of the Bible. (6) To interpret the book of Revelation is to "give away the secret of heaven". The "Divine Principle" is "not to be divulged except at the right time and by the right person". Which person, at what time, what is said and what is done is all "heavenly" and ordained by God. Is my interpretation of the Book of Revelation today God's ordained? Guess what you will. (7) There is an old Chinese saying that says, "The essay was originally made in heaven, but it was obtained by chance. The meaning is: The essay was originally made in heaven, but it was only sensed by your wonderful heart and allowed to be written by your hand; it did not come to you by chance. If no one had given you inspiration, you would have had nothing to say and would not have been able to type a single word. God gives you inspiration and you write what makes people wise and become Christ like Jesus. Satan gives you inspiration and you write articles that make people lose their wisdom and become minions of Satan.

27-18:2, "18:2 And he cried out with a loud voice, saying, The great city of Babylon has fallen! It has fallen! It has become a dwelling place for demons and a den of every unclean spirit (note: or "prison". (1) The five masters of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam are all "doctorates" in a single discipline. The lamb who has received the essence of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam has received the "doctorate" of the five religions and is the Almighty. He is the "angel of great authority", as he has passed on the "Baiyang Dharma of the five religions of Zhongtianism and the return of the mother of man to her roots", and has raised the spiritual level of the whole human society. The fact that the Lamb has been recognised by the Chinese state and that Zhongtianism has become the national religion of China means that the Lamb has become an "angel of great authority" in the true sense of the word. Because the Lamb has become an "angel of great authority" recognised by the state, his voice is "loud and clear" and deafening. (2) The "angels with great authority" do not "shout out loud" with their mouths, but rather the Church of the Middle Heaven uses the written word to disseminate the Bible through computers and books, with a high degree of visibility.
(3) "Babylon" means "the gate of God". The Christian "gate of God" (the great city of Babylon) was supposed to be filled with Christ, but there has not been a single "son of God" like Jesus for nearly 2,000 years, so the Christian "Babylon" is not a true "Babylon". is not really the "right gate of God to be Christ", nor is it the "right gate of God" for Christ to enter and leave heaven, but the "gate of the evil gods" for the lustful Satan to dominate and create "minions of Satan". It is the "gate of the evil gods" where Satan is the master of lust and creates "minions of Satan". (4) The "great city of Babylon" is a metaphor for the whole of Christianity, the "ecclesiastical bloc" of Christianity, which is spread throughout the world. (5) The "great city of Babylon", which was impregnable in ancient times, "fell down" without a war, not only because the priests became sacred in the temple by making lustful devils and blaspheming God by their adulterous behaviour, but mainly because the temple (church), as such, was a "dojo". Instead of being a classroom where God's spokesman preached on how to "make Christians into Christ", it became a "Satanic indoctrination" with "hymns and prayers, charity" and so on. "Satan's indoctrination" has become a devil's den of blasphemy. (6) Today, Christianity, the "great city of Babylon" that has ruled the Western world for over a thousand years, has been overthrown by "angels with great authority" because the Chinese Lamb has exposed "Christianity" as actually "satanic". The "Christianity" was abandoned by the West after the Western world was shocked by the Chinese Lamb's revelation that "Christianity" was in fact "Satanism", and a true "Christianization of the Christians into Christ" was revealed. "was abandoned by the West, and the mighty and impregnable "City of Babylon" thus "fell! It has fallen!" . (7) The Western world learned through the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation what it really meant to "make Christians the edification of Christ", and the various Christian denominations of the Western world became "dwelling places for demons and dens of every unclean spirit" (note: or "prisons".) "prisons". And the nest of every unclean and abominable bird".
(8) The kingship of the Babylonian state was limited by three kinds: the law, the nobles and the priests. Of these, the priests were the most powerful. The king was the spokesman of the gods and his authority was delegated by the gods, who were represented by the priests. In the eyes of the common people, a human king could not be called righteous unless he received his sceptre from the priests. When the priests delegated authority to the king on behalf of the gods, there was usually a solemn and solemn ceremony. Under this theocracy, the priests had great privileges. (9) According to the Greek scholar Herodotus, during the lifetime of every Babylonian woman, she had to go to the temple of Aphrodite as a sacred temple prostitute to have intercourse with some strange men, but they were not considered as prostitutes within the temple, but were instead regarded as sacred stand-ins to perform prostitution on behalf of the goddess Aphrodite within the temple. In fact, the goddess Aphrodite represented the goddess of fertility, war and agriculture, in addition to the goddess of love, in the minds of the Babylonians, and was both a holy mother and an adulteress. She had numerous male companions, none of whom were her husbands, and she often appeared as an intersexual, sometimes as a bearded male, sometimes as a woman with her bosom exposed, and the temple prostitute was only her earthly representation. (10) The lustfulness of Aphrodite caused all classes of Babylonians to resist foreign encroachment and the Persians were able to take over easily, thus bringing about the end of Babylon. (11) Aphrodite, in Greek mythology, was the goddess of love and beauty, one of the twelve principal Greek gods of Olympus, with the Roman name Venus.

27-18:3, "18:3 For all the nations have been poured out with the wine of her evil and great wrath. The kings of the earth committed adultery with her, and the merchants of the earth were made rich by her excesses": (1) Instead of promoting "the edification of Christians into Christ", the temple (church) was devoted to "the singing of hymns and prayers, charitable works", etc., which Jesus did not do. "Instead, they promote as "Christianity" the "edification of the faithful" that Jesus did not do, which means that the "church group" has raped and kidnapped Jesus and made him their This is the "church group" that raped and kidnapped Jesus, making him their puppet to "demagogue people and harm their lives". The "church group" promotes "the indoctrination of the faithful as Christianity" and makes Christians drink "the wine of her wickedness". (2) When Christians become Christians, they want to become Christians, but when they enter the church, they can only do what Jesus did not do, such as "singing hymns and prayers, charity work", etc. They forget the original intention of becoming Christians, because they drink the "wine of her wickedness". "(3) Christianity has spread throughout the world. (3) Christianity has spread throughout the nations of the world, and for over a thousand years not a single "Christian has become Christ", all Christians have been "Christians" all their lives, and because they have not become Christ, they have been abused and killed by "church groups All Christians have been "Christians" all their lives, and because they have not become Christians, they have been abused by "church groups" and have died in hell. Today, all the nations know that they have been abused by the evil teaching of the "church group" and have awakened from the "wine of her evil", and are therefore furious with the "church group". In this way, the Christian church groups of the world "fell over".
(4) The "kings of the earth" are kings, princes and presidents, all of whom want to use the influence of God to deify themselves through the "church groups" and to get a large number of Christians to "vote" for them. "Therefore, the church group is an indispensable "vote bank" for every presidential election, and the president has to compromise with the church group in order to achieve his election, which is "the kings of the earth committing adultery with her". (5) The church group has gathered a lot of wealth by "selling Jesus and God", so the church group has various "charitable causes". (5) The church group had gathered a great deal of wealth "because she was too extravagant", so that it provided opportunities for all kinds of businessmen to make money.

Revelation 18: Glory first, then sorrow and pain (18:4-19)
27-18:4, "18:4 And I heard a voice from heaven saying, Come out of that city, O my people, lest you sin with her and suffer the plagues which she has suffered": (1) "O my people", the people who believe in God, O Jesus, the O people. (2) "Come out of that city", from the "great city of Babylon" (the church group), for all the Christian church groups "do not make Christians Christ", but "make Christians priests". They "make Christians the lambs of priests and ministers" and "chant hymns and prayers" in a farce of "unbridled joy and the opposite". (3) If you ask someone to follow you to church and "sing hymns and prayers" with you and ask for "God's blessing", you are "sinning with her", because This is not the indoctrination of "Christians into Christ" at all, but the indoctrination of "Christians into the minions of Satan". (4) The church group, by promoting the "edification of the faithful" as the "edification of Christ", commits the mortal sin of "demagoguery and harming the lives of men", and will be punished in hell. If you act as a "drummer" for a church group and "pull the strings" of the church group, you will "suffer the same plague she suffered".

27-18:5, "18:5 Because of her heinous iniquity and her unrighteousness, God has thought about it": (1) Oh, this is all a "test question". How could God have already remembered? Has He ever forgotten? Not at all. (2) The reason why the "Satanic group" has become a "church group" that commits "heinous sins and iniquities" is to see how many of you can see through the "Bible". (2) The reason why the "Satanic group" has become a "church group" that commits "heinous sins and injustices" is to see how many of you can see through the "heavenly mysteries" in the Bible. (3) Pride is the result of ignorance. To dominate by force is ignorance. Without a broad land, there is no broad vision, which is determined by the fact that "the earth produces all things". (4) All people created by God are equally pure at the beginning and can return to heaven, because the environment influences the quality of people, and ignorance creates karma and breaks the way back to heaven. Just as precious stones are only buried in a specific area, so too are high quality people in a "mineral belt". Many civilisations that predate China have suddenly become extinct, but only Chinese culture (Taoist thought) has survived for 7,000 years, and this is due to the fact that "the earth produces all things".

27-18:6, "18:6 As she has done to others, so shall she be done to them, doubly repaying her according to what she has done, doubly mixing her wine with the cup from which she mixes it": (1) This is the law of the universe, which in China is called "karma", or the Western law of "conservation of mass". (1) This is the law of the universe, which in China is called "karma" and is the Western law of conservation of mass (the law of conservation of mass and the law of conservation of energy, together known as the law of conservation of mass and energy). (2) This is God's law of "rewarding good and punishing evil". (3) "Church groups" make Christians "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them, not "Christians to be Christ (3) "Church groups" make Christians the "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them rather than "making Christians Christ". The elites of the Western world have approved and acquiesced to this "Christianity" that has ruled the entire Western world for over a thousand years. How long do you have to wait before you can return to a "civilised society"? (4) The "church group" has made Christians the "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them. The "priests and pastors" of the "church group" should be allowed to graze like "lambs", and if they do not obey, they should be disciplined by "sheepdogs". "This is how "as she treats others, so shall she be treated"; this is how "she shall be doubly rewarded for what she has done, and doubly mixed with the cup from which she mixes her wine". This is "whoever does it will suffer, and no one will take over", this is "no one is blessed but he who calls himself", this is "to do unto others as they do unto him".

27-18:7, "18:7 As she glorified herself, and as she glorified herself, and as she glorified herself in luxury, so let her be grieved, for she said in her heart, I am not a widow, but I am seated as a queen, and shall not be grieved": (1) The "church group" (Nicolaitans) (1) The "ecclesiastical group" (Nicolaitans) established a "legitimate priesthood" and "glorified themselves" with the names of "pope, bishop, priest, pastor", etc., for Christians to honour and provide for, but they did not But they do not "make Christians Christ", but "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them, so that all church groups do not glorify Jesus, but only "glorify themselves" under the guise of Jesus. Therefore, all church groups do not glorify Jesus, but only "glorify themselves" under the guise of Jesus, so they are a satanic group that slanders Jesus. (2) The "luxury" of tall church facades, opulent church interiors, costumes, props, rituals etc. derived from the "legitimate priesthood" is also legitimate. For the rest of the "how luxurious", just look at the "charity" they do. In fact, "charity" is synonymous with "luxury". (3) All the members of the church group are executioners who mislead Christians to hell, "let her suffer and mourn as she does".
(4) To be a "Christian seminary graduate pastor", qualified to "spread Christianity", is to "sit on the throne of the Queen". To be a "Christian lecturer" to a group of people in a village (or several villages) is to be "sitting on the Queen's throne". (5) Because she has a group of followers (Christians), she is "not a widow". (6) She thought that because of her "meritorious preaching" to God, he would never abandon her or send her to hell, and that she would "never be sorrowful". In reality she was preaching to Satan, but under the guise of Christianity, because he had not become Christ himself, nor would he allow Christians to become Christ.

27-18:8, "18:8 So in one day her plagues will come together, death, sorrow, and famine. She will be consumed by fire, for the Lord God, who judges her, is mighty": (1) The members of the church group, because of their different positions and different sins, will have "death, sorrow, and famine" after the "plagues come together in one day". "(2) All the Christian church groups are in the same situation. (2) Is it true that all the Christian church groups "will be consumed by fire"? Will the Western world give up this "satanic group"? Will they get used to not ruling hearts and minds for them? Would the Western world be "desolate" without Christianity, without "pastors to shepherd the sheep"? (3) The Christian church community was "burned out" by the fury of awakened Christians. This was a major intellectual revolution, a progress of enlightenment, in the history of mankind, and will go down in the annals of human civilization. (4) The use of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation to overthrow the Christian church groups and liberate Christians from the abuses of the "satanic groups", demonstrating that "the Lord God who judges her is powerful and merciful". (5) Do you want to "thank God"? Don't you always use the words "thank God" as a sign that you are "Christians who repay what you have received"? How do you "thank God"? In life, just be a good person who is honest, kind and has a clear conscience. You may not do good deeds, but you must not "cheat, deceive or do much evil". This is why God sent us down from heaven to earth to be human beings, so that we can complete our mission and return to heaven successfully.

27-18:9, "18:9 The kings of the earth, who have always practised fornication with her and have been luxurious with her, will weep and lament for her when they see the smoke that burns her": "The kings of the earth" are all power-hungry people, especially in the Western world The presidents of the Western world are "power-mad" and "power-hungry", and they are all "power-hungry", so that they can get the votes of the large number of Christians. "When he sees a Christian burning the smoke of a "church group", he will weep and wail for her, because his "vote bank" has fallen. When he sees the Christian burning the smoke of the "church group", he will weep and wail for her, because his "vote bank" has fallen, and he lacks a capable "mistress".
27-18:10, "18:10 For fear of her distress, he stands afar off and says, "Woe! Woe! O great city of Babylon, strong city! In a moment your punishment will come": (1) The "king of the earth" was afraid that the pain of the fall of the church group would come upon him, for he knew that he was an "adulterer and adulteress" with the church group, and he knew that in order to become He knows that he has said and done many things similar to those of the church group in order to become king and to keep his position as king. (2) In the face of the widespread awakening of Christians and the wave of anger, he could only "stand at a distance" and say: "Woe! How sad! What a fortified city, the church group that rules over billions of people worldwide! What a city! What a city! (3) This is what the Chinese say: "God cannot be deceived. The time has not yet come when you will not be rewarded."

27-18:11, "18:11 And all the merchants of the earth wept and mourned for her, for no one bought their goods any more": (1) The merchants who supplied the "church group" also wept and mourned for the fall of the "church group (1) Merchants who supplied the "Church Group" also wept and mourned over the collapse of the "Church Group" because no one would buy their "Christian-related" goods anymore, and many merchants in the Christian industry lost a huge source of income and had to switch to other businesses. (2) Christian goods guide: players, Bibles, books, gifts, clothing, stationery, cross-stitch, accessories, Sunday school, church supplies, household goods, piano and musical instruments.
27-18:12, "18:12 These goods are gold, silver, precious stones, pearls, fine linen, purple material, silk, vermilion material, every kind of fragrant wood, every kind of ivory vessel, every kind of very precious wood and brass, iron and alabaster vessels": these are building supplies, used for building church decorations, and belong to "hardware facilities".
27-18:13, "18:13 and cinnamon, cardamom, spices, balm, frankincense, wine, oil, fine flour, wheat, oxen, sheep, chariots, horses, slaves, and people": these are the household goods of the "church group" and belong to "software facilities".

27-18:14, "18:14 O Babylon, the fruit of your covetousness has left you! And all your delicacies and all your beautiful things have been destroyed from among you, and will never be seen again": (1) The church group "does not let Christians become Christ", but makes them "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them. (1) The church group "does not make Christians Christ", but makes them "shepherds" of their "lambs", so that the "coveted fruit" of the church group is the "lambs" of their "shepherding". Every Christian of the church group is the "coveted fruit" of the church group. With billions of "lambs" "shepherded" by the church group, the church group is really "fruitful". (2) When Christians read the True Exposition of the Revelation, they were all awakened and the angry Christians smashed all the "church groups". "You are worse than a "bankrupt beggar" because you have "swindled and cheated" and are full of evil. (3) By becoming a "lamb" "shepherded" by a church group, the church group rules the Christian's mind and everything the Christian does is owned by the church group. The "church group" has fallen, you "gates of evil" have been broken down, and "all the delicacies and splendours" you have cheated from Christians have been destroyed from your midst. There shall be no more, for the time of the Lamb's white sun has come.

27-18:15, "18:15 And the merchants who sold these goods, and were rich through her, stood afar off and wept and mourned for fear of her distress, saying": (1) Christianity rejects all "idols" and stigmatizes all denominations other than its own as "idolatry". (1) Christianity rejects all "idols" and stigmatizes all denominations other than its own as "idolatrous", but they themselves have made countless kinds of "idols". Any goods relating to Christianity are "idols", and there are many merchants who sell these goods and make a fortune from them. (2) When the "Babylon" of Christianity fell, many of the merchants who sold Christian goods had no one to buy them, and they all lost money once and for all, so they could only "stand afar off, weeping and mourning".
27-18:16, "18:16 Woe! Woe! O great city! Always dressed in fine linen, purple and vermilion, and adorned with gold, precious stones and pearls": woe, woe! O Christianity, you "great city" which has spread throughout the world, have fallen to pieces. How majestic you were, "dressed in fine linen, purple, and vermilion, and adorned with gold, precious stones, and pearls", have been overthrown by a copy of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation.
27-18:17, "18:17 And in a moment such great riches were brought to nothing. And all the ship-owners and all the sailors who went in their ships to every place, even all those who made their living by the sea, stood afar off": (1) It is "the impermanence of the world" that such great riches of the Christian church community are brought to nothing in a moment. Many things that were not expected have happened, and many things that were expected have not happened. (2) "All the shipowners and all the sailors who go everywhere in their ships" is a metaphor for all means of transport, not just "all those who work by the sea", but also those who work by road, railways, aeroplanes, etc. It is not just "all those who work by the sea", but also roads, railways, airplanes, etc., which depend on "transportation". Because there are so many Christian events that a believer must travel thousands, thousands or hundreds of miles to attend, they provide opportunities for the businessman who relies on "transportation" to make his fortune. (3) Now, without the Christian church groups, the merchants who rely on "traffic" can only "stand at a distance".

27-18:18, "18:18 And when they saw the smoke of her burning, they cried out, saying, What city can be greater than this": When the merchants, who relied on "traffic" for their business, saw the Christians burning the smoke of the "church group", they cried out, "What city can be greater than this? "What city in the world can be greater than this "Christian" city? Christianity has ruled the whole Western world for over a thousand years, and there are billions of Christians all over the world, making it the largest city in the world.
27-18:19, "18:19 And they threw dust on their heads and wept and mourned, crying out, 'Woe! Woe to you! O this great city! All who have ships in the sea have become rich through her treasures, and in a moment she has become a wasteland": (1) Those who provide transportation specifically for Christians have much less income because they are without Christians as a source of customers, their transportation is idle, they have dust, they lose money, and weep and mourn, crying out, 'Woe, woe! Christianity, the "great city" that was all over the world, has collapsed. (2) All those who have ships in the sea are enriched by the treasures that the church groups regularly "go on holiday and spend" every year. Now, without the church group's regular annual "holiday spending", their luxury boats and yachts have lost their clientele, and the "playgrounds and resorts" have become abandoned and deserted for a while.

Revelation 18: The saints rejoice because of the great city's retribution (18:20-24)
27-18:20, "18:20 Oh my God, all the saints, all the apostles, all the prophets! Rejoice in her, for God has redressed your grievances in her": (1) My God, the "great city of Babylon", "Christianity", which has ruled the Western world for over a thousand years, has been destroyed by the "Chinese Lamb". (1) The "great city of Babylon", which has ruled the Western world for more than a thousand years, has been overthrown by the "Chinese Lamb" with his True Exposition of the Book of Revelation (2) All the saints, all the apostles, all the prophets! Rejoice that "the great city of Babylon", "Christianity", has fallen, for God has done you injustice in her. (3) The creation of the "cross" as a symbol of Christianity by Christian church groups is a manifestation of "Satan's" slander and abuse of Jesus. Instead of Christians becoming Christ, Christians are made to become "lambs" to be "shepherded" by them, which is a blatant attempt by Satan to abuse Christians who adore Jesus. To make Christians "sing hymns and prayers" and to make them "sinners who killed Jesus" is Satan's way of teasing Christians and at the same time obliterating the "edification of Christ" and promoting "Satan's work". This is Satan's way of teasing Christians and at the same time erasing "Christ's edification" and promoting "Satan's edification". The humiliation that Jesus suffered for over a thousand years has finally been ended today by the "Chinese Lamb's" True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, in which God has done justice to Jesus and "all the saints, apostles and prophets".
27-18:21, "18:21 And a mighty angel lifted up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus shall the great city of Babylon be cast down with great force, and shall never be seen again": (1) "And the angel lifted up a stone like a great millstone ", a metaphor for the "magic age" which did not become the "infallible law of Christ", that is, the evening, the night. (2) "Thrown into the sea" is a metaphor for the enlightenment of the "infallible law of Christ", which put an end to the "magic age" of more than a thousand years and inaugurated the new age of the White Sun. (3) The "great city of Babylon", "Christianity", will also be thrown down with such force that it will never be seen again, for human society has undergone a profound intellectual revolution through the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, and has been raised to a higher level. This is all because God has blessed and blessed human society. Do you want to "thank God"?

27-18:22, "18:22 The sound of the lyre, of music, of the flute, of the trumpet, shall no longer be heard among you. Every craftsman shall be found no more among you. (1) When "hymns are sung" in church: the sound of lyres, music, flutes and trumpets must never be heard again among you Christians. "This is all a trick that Jesus did not play, and it is all a "delirium" that Satan is giving to Christians. (2) Because Christian church groups have all sorts of "idols" to make, all of which are intended to make Christians "lose heart, lose heart, lose heart and lose heart", there are all sorts of craftsmen who serve Christians in all walks of life. Henceforth you must never again find among you a "specialist in Christian goods". (3) To "push the mill" is to go round and round in the same place. The "sound of the grinding mill" is a metaphor for the "sound of Christian prayer". Since "Christ does not learn Christianity, but those who learn Christianity are Christians", it is only by not learning "Christianity" that one can become a Christ. As long as one is still "learning Christianity", one is "pushing the mill" in Christianity. The direct overthrow of the satanic statements of the Jewish priests of the "Old Testament" is Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" trampling on the satanic group with "feet like shining brass". (4) Christians, do you all know this? The "voice of prayer" is the nervousness of the legal slave who died on the ship of the law and was buried in the sea of law. Christianity has been overthrown by the "Chinese Lamb" with the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, and "prayer", Satan's "magic and ecstasy", must never be heard among you Christians again. 27-18:23.

27-18:23, "18:23 The light shall no longer shine among you. The voice of the bridegroom and the bride shall no longer be heard among you. Your guest merchants turned out to be the honourable people of the earth, and the nations were bewitched by your evil ways": (1) Christianity uses lights mainly in churches, "Christian church lights are designed to give devout Christians a good atmosphere to concentrate on reading the Bible", this is all a farce that Jesus did not play, this is a satanic group does not let any Christian be a proof of Christ's guilt. The tall and glorious churches have become "Christian museums", recording the historical facts of the "Satanic group" that abused Jesus and abused Christians. The "light of the church" must no longer shine among you, for human society has changed profoundly, and "mono-specialist" religions are a sign of the extreme regression of human society. (2) Weddings in churches have become evidence of the "satanic group" playing with Christians under the guise of Christianity. The sound of the vows made by the bridegroom and bride during their engagement and marriage must never be heard again among you Christians, so do not go back to the devil's den of the church. (3) Those with whom you do business, your customers and merchants, who used to be honourable people on earth, because you are a Christian, you have led all your acquaintances and friends with whom you are associated to become "minions of Satan" in a "church group". (4) After you have gone abroad, you have also spread Christianity abroad, and you have taken the "singing of hymns and prayers, charity work" and so on, which "do not allow Christians to be the indoctrination of Christ", to be the "indoctrination of Christ "You think that you will be blessed by God, but you will be punished by God.

27-18:24, "18:24 And the blood of the prophets and of the saints and of all the slain of the earth was seen in this city": (1) "This city" is all the "church groups" of Christianity ". The fact that "the blood of the prophets and of the saints and of all the slain of the earth" was seen in this city shows that all Christian "church groups" are murderous havens, for "church groups" do not (2) Only "ecclesiastical groups" are murderous, because they do not make an ordinary Christian into a Christ. (2) Only graduates of the seminaries of the "church groups" are qualified to preach, all in order to prevent ordinary Christians from becoming Christians. Which "seminary" did Jesus graduate from? Have you ever wondered? Did you know that Jesus was a commoner? What is the Christianity of Jesus? (3) I have never read the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, and I do not know what "the edification of Christ" is, nor can I see that the "church group" (in this town) has "the blood of the prophets and of the saints and of all the slain of the earth. (4) Read the true book of Revelation. (4) After reading the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and knowing what it means to "be the edification of Christ", I realized that the Christian doctrine of "singing hymns and prayers, charity", etc., is all the work of the "Satanic group "The "invisible sword of magic" is being used to slaughter "prophets and saints and all Christians on earth".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 29 June 2017 17:00 1 July 21:32 Edit 30 July Xuanwu Mountain (Monkey Ancestor Peak), Shankou Town, Longyao County






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









