Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 24 Isaac Takes a Wife
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 24 Abraham sends his servant to take a wife for his son (24:1-27)
1. "24:1 And Abraham was old, and the LORD had blessed him in all things": (1) Remember, this is a wrong statement, for all things in the universe exist only because "the LORD had blessed him in all things". Without the blessing of the LORD, there would be no universe. (2) There are many such "smokescreens", and if you find them, you are "Christ with eyes like a flame". If you believe it, you are a "blind man without ears".
2. "24:2 And Abraham said to the oldest servant who managed his whole business, "Put your hand under my thigh": (1)" (Internet source) Some interpreters believe that the thigh is a symbol of sovereignty or authority. Putting one's hand under one's thigh signifies allegiance to one's superior" is all Jewish demonic demagoguery. (2) "Putting your hand under my thigh" means "privacy" and cannot be told to a third person, but only to the two of them.
3. "24:3 I will make you swear by the Lord, the Lord of heaven and earth, that you will not take a woman from the land of Canaan as your wife for my son": (1) "(Internet source) Abraham realised the increasing debauchery and idolatry of the Canaanites and their imminent demise ", this is the Jewish devil slandering the land of Canaan, because the people of Canaan knew that Abraham was "idolatrous" and a psychotic nutcase. (2) He came here and lied and blackmailed Abimelech, king of Gerael, by calling his wife Sarah his sister. The people of the land of Canaan knew that Abraham had expelled Hagar's mother and son, thus disgusting the people of the land of Canaan. Later denied access to the well for water, Abraham gave his sheep and oxen to Abimelech before he was allowed to take the water. Abraham paid an exorbitant sum of "four hundred shekels of silver for a field" to make a burial place for Sarah. These were the things that made Abraham hate the land of Canaan, which is why "do not marry a woman from the land of Canaan for my son".
4. "24:4 You shall go to my native land and take a wife for my son Isaac." : (1) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", hello! You have another son, Ishmael, born of Hagar. (2) "16:16 When Hagar gave birth to Ishmael to Abram, Abram was 86 years old." (3) Is Ishmael also your son, and has he taken a wife?
24:5 The servant said to him, "If the woman will not come with me to this place, must I bring your son back to the land from which you came?"
24:6 Abraham said to him, "Take care that you do not bring my son back there.
7. "24:7 The Lord, the Lord of heaven, who led me out of my father's house and from the land of my people, spoke to me and swore to me, saying, 'I will give this land to your descendants.' He will send messengers before you, and from there you may take a wife for my son": (1) "The Lord, the Lord of heaven, has led me out of my father's house and out of the land of my people", and has led countless others out of their father's house and out of their land, not "only you It is not "you alone". It is your ignorance to think that "the Lord, the Lord of heaven, has led you out of your father's house and out of the land of your own people", but it is you who have gone out to wander. (2) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", hello! The LORD also "swore" to all men that "I will give this land to your descendants", because all the descendants of all men are on the earth, see? Old fogey. (3) "I will give the land to your descendants", the LORD has said this and not said it because all the descendants are on the earth, only you take it seriously because you are possessed by the devil and the devil is dominating your thinking and making a fool out of you. Because you have made Jehovah an "idol", you have a demon in your heart and are therefore possessed by the devil, understand?
24:8 If the woman will not come with you, the oath I made you take has nothing to do with you, except that you do not take my son back there."
24:9 So the servant put his hand under the thigh of his master Abraham and swore to him about it.
24:10 And the servant took ten camels from his master's camels, and all his master's goods, and got up and went to Mesopotamia, and came to the city of Nahor.
24:11 And when it was evening, and the women were coming out to draw water, he made the camels kneel at the wells outside the city.
12. "24:12 And he said, "O LORD God of my master Abraham, be gracious to my master Abraham, and give me a good opportunity today": (1) Remember, such statements are only made by Satan's minions who treat the LORD as an "idol". He does not know that he does not need to ask the Lord. He does not know that there is no need to ask Yahweh, for Yahweh ordains a man's marriage at his birth. (2) Yahweh is not the "God of Abraham" at all, but the God of all the universe. Abraham was merely a "counter-example" to Yahweh's preaching and teaching. (3) The expression "O LORD, the God of Abraham, my master" is a shameful statement made by a shameless beast.
24:13 Now I am standing by a well, and the women of the inhabitants of the city are coming out to draw water.
24:14 To whichever woman I say, 'Please bring down a flask of water and give me water to drink.' If she says, 'Please drink, and I will give it to your camels.' May that woman be the wife of Isaac, your servant, whom you have predestined to be your wife. Then I will know that you have shown kindness to my master."
24:15 Before he had finished speaking, unexpectedly, Rebekah came out carrying a flask of water on her shoulder. Rebekah was born to Pethuriel, the son of Micah, the wife of Abraham's brother Nahor.
24:16 And the woman was exceedingly handsome, and a virgin, and no one had ever been near her. She went down to the well, filled the bottle, and came up again.
24:17 The servant ran up to meet her, saying, "Give me some of the water from the bottle to drink, I pray you."
18. "24:18 The woman said, "My Lord, please drink. (1) "My lord" is a polite honorific; it is equivalent to "hello". (2) "My lord" does not mean "my master".
24:19 When the woman had given him a drink, she said, "I will fetch water for your camels again, so that they may also drink enough."
24:20 So she hurriedly poured the water from the bottle into the trough, and ran to the well to draw water, and she drew water for all the camels.
24:21 The man fixed his eyes on her, and said not a word, that he might know whether the LORD had given him access to the way.
22. "24:22 And when the camels had drunk enough, the man took a golden ring, weighing half a shekel, and two golden bracelets, weighing ten shekels, and gave them to the woman": (1) The Hebrew word for golden ring, nezem, means nose ring. From ancient times, Bedouin women wore a nose-ring, either on the cartilage on one side of the nose or on the inner wall in the middle (see Isa 3:21; Ezek 16:11,12). Among the Bedouins, the nose ring is still a traditional gift for betrothal. This gold ring weighed about five grams, and the two gold bracelets weighed 110 or 140 grams. At today's gold prices, their total value would be about $169.
24:23 Say, "Tell me, please, whose daughter are you? Does your father have a place for us to stay in his house?"
24:24 The woman said, "I am the daughter of Pekah, son of Micah and Nahor."
24:25 And she said, "We have enough provisions in our house, and a place to stay."
24:26 Then the man bowed his head and bowed down to the LORD
24:27 saying, "Blessed be the LORD, the God of my master Abraham, for he has continually treated my master with lovingkindness and honesty. As for me, the LORD led me by the way until I came to the house of my master's brother."

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 24 Laban greets his servant (24:28-31)
24:28 The woman ran back and told her mother and the men of her house according to these words.
24:29,30 And Rebekah had a brother named Laban, who saw the golden ring, and the golden bracelet in his sister's hand, and heard the words of his sister Rebekah, saying, "Thus says the man to me. Then Laban ran out to the well, and came to the man, and saw him still standing there by the well beside the camel.
24:31 Then he said to him, "Come in, you who are blessed by the LORD, why are you standing outside? I have packed the house and prepared a place for the camels."
Genesis 24 The servant explains his coming (24:32-49)
24:32 Then the man went into Laban's house. Laban unloaded the camels, fed them with straw, and took water and washed the man's feet and those who followed.
24:33 and set the meal before him, and told him to eat. But he said, "I will not eat until I have told him my business." Laban said, "Please speak."
24:34 He said, "I am Abraham's servant.
24:35 The LORD has greatly blessed my master and made him prosperous, and has given him flocks, herds of cattle, gold and silver, servants, camels and donkeys.
24:36 And Sarah my master's wife, when she was old, gave my master a son, and my master gave all that he had to this son.
24:37 My master made me swear, saying, 'You shall not take a woman from the land of Canaan as a wife for my son.
24:38 Go to my father's house, to my own people, and take a wife for my son.'
24:39 And I said to my master, 'I am afraid that the woman will not come with me.'
24:40 Then he said, 'The LORD, whom I serve, will send his messenger with you, and make your way clear, so that you may take a wife for my son in my father's house, in my own tribe.
24:41 The oath that I have made you swear has nothing to do with you, as long as you come to my own people; and if they do not give you the woman, the oath that I have made you swear has nothing to do with you.'
24:42 When I came to the well today, I said, 'O LORD God of my master Abraham, may you make my paths straight.
24:43 Now I am standing by the well, and I say to the woman who comes out to draw water, 'Give me some of the water from your bottle to drink.
24:44 If she says, Only drink, and I will fetch water for your camels. And may that woman be the wife whom the LORD has predestined for my master's son.'
24:45 Before I had finished the words in my heart, Rebekah came out, with a flask of water on her shoulder, and went down to the well to draw water. So I said to her, 'Give me water to drink, please.'
24:46 So she hastened to take the bottle off her shoulder and said, 'Please drink, and I will give it to your camels.' So I drank; and she gave it to my camel.
24:47 I asked her, saying, 'Whose daughter are you?' "And she said, 'I am the daughter of Pekah, son of Micah and Nahor.' So I put the ring on her nose and the bracelets on both her hands.
24:48 Then I bowed my head and worshipped the LORD, and praised the LORD the God of my master Abraham, for he led me in a fitting way, that I might have the granddaughter of my master's brother, and give my master's son as my wife.
24:49 Now if you would treat my master with love and honesty, tell me; if not, tell me, that I may turn either to the left or to the right."
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 24 Laban and Peturia promise (24:50-61)
24:50 And Laban and Peturia answered and said to them, "This is of the LORD, and we cannot say good or evil to you.
24:51 Behold, Rebekah is before you, that you may take her and give her to your master's son as a wife, as the LORD has said."
24:52 And when Abraham's servants heard these words of theirs, they fell down on their faces to the LORD.
24:53 At once the servants brought out gold and silver and clothes and gave them to Rebekah, and gave the treasures to her brother and to her mother.
24:54 The servant and those who followed him ate and drank, and stayed all night. When he rose in the morning, the servant said, "Please send me back to my master!"
24:55 Rebekah's brother and her mother said, "Let the woman stay with us a few days longer, at least ten days, and then she may go."
24:56 The servant said, "As the LORD has given me access, do not delay me; send me away and go back to my master!"
24:57 And they said, "Let us call the woman and ask her,"
24:58 So they called Rebekah and asked her, saying, "Are you going with this man?" Rebekah said, "I will go."
24:59 So they sent Rebekah, the sister, and her nurse, with Abraham's servants, and those who followed the servants, away.
24:60 Then they blessed Rebekah, saying, "O our sister, may you be the mother of millions! May your descendants gain the gates of the enemy's city!"
24:61 And Rebekah and her ambassadors arose, and mounted their camels, and followed the servant; and the servant took Rebekah and went away.
Genesis 24 Isaac takes Rebekah as his wife (24:62-67)
24:62 At that time Isaac was living in the south land, and had just returned from Pyrrhichaele.
24:63 When it was evening, Isaac came out to meditate in the field, and lifting up his eyes, he saw some camels coming.
24:64 When Rebekah lifted up her eyes and saw Isaac, she hurriedly got off her camel.
24:65 and asked the servant, "Who is it that has come to meet us in this field?" The servant said, "It is my master." Then Rebekah took a handkerchief and covered her face.
24:66 Then the servant told Isaac all that he had done.
24:67 Then Isaac led Rebekah into the tent of his mother Sarah, and took her as his wife, and loved her. And Isaac was comforted by this since his mother was no more.
(1) From here on, the doctrine of what the LORD says to say is diminished, and these "running accounts" are written to "dilute" what was said earlier about "Abraham's farce The purpose of these "running accounts" is to "dilute" what has been said about the "farce of Abraham" and to lead you into a "trance". (2) If you do not come out of the "trance" in style, you are a minion of Satan. If you come out of the "ecstasy" in style, you are "Christ with eyes like a flame".
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 31 Aug 2017 17:58pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain,  Read the original article

