Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (chapter 2) The church is the "Nicolaitans" II
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
27-2:15, "2:15 In the same way you have people who have obeyed the teaching of the Nicolaitans": (1) The "church of Ephesus, which obeyed the teaching of the Nicolaitans" was also present in the "church of Pergamos (1) "The church of Ephesus, which obeyed the teaching of the Nicolaitans", was also present in "the church of Bekamah", indicating that this was a widespread "demonic disorder". (2) The "priestly" missionaries of Judaism came into Christianity and became "popes, priests and ministers" of Christianity, and these "priests, fathers and ministers" were The "Nicolaitans". By allowing the "priests, fathers and ministers" to exist legally, they "obeyed the teaching of the Nicolaitans". (3) The behaviour of the "Nicolaitans", which Jesus hated, is the mainstream of "Christianity" today, showing that "Satan the Devil" has entered "Christianity". The "last judgment" after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012 will be a judgment on the whole Christian church community.
27-2:16, "2:16 Repent, therefore, and be converted! If you do not repent, I will come to you soon and strike them with the sword of my mouth": (1) By accepting the legal existence of "priests, fathers and ministers" as Christian orthodoxy, you have "obeyed the teaching of the Nicolaitans "Repent, for you do not hold to the truth as Jesus did, and you do not even rebuke them as Jesus did: "Woe to you, you hypocritical scribes! Woe to you who lead blindly", you are not qualified to be a disciple of Jesus because you have blasphemed the name of Jesus Christ. (2) The fact that you are "Christians" but do not speak and act as Jesus did means that you are Jews who are corrupting Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity, and this is why Jesus will "come to you and strike them with the sword of my mouth". (3) To "come to you and strike them with the sword of my mouth" is to reveal the "priests, fathers and ministers" as "Nicolaitans, demons and Satan" and to show them for what they are. "It is this who is the "disciple of Jesus" and who will follow him to eternal life in heaven.
27-2:16, [Explanation of the "devotional version":] "This "sword" is used by God against rebellious nations (19:15, 21) and against all sin (cf. 1:16; 2:12-note) ": Do you see? This is the devil misinterpreting the Scriptures, this is pure "demonic Satanic" speech, this is evidence that "priests, fathers and ministers" are "demonic Satan".

27-2:17, "2:17 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches! To him who overcomes, I will give the hidden manna and a white stone with a new name written on it, which no one can know but he who receives it": (1) The third time it says, "He who has ears, let him hear", lest you should cling to the surface of the text and not grasp the holy meaning within it. This is because the words of the Holy Spirit are mostly metaphorical, with "refrains, allusions, metaphors, ellipses" and so on, in order to lead you to think, and to test your wisdom. (2) Those who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers, pastors" are the "Nicolaitans", the "incarnation of Satan sitting in Satan's seat", which Jesus hated. The one who "comes to them and attacks them with the sword of his mouth" is the new "victorious" Christ. Not to "obey the teaching of Balaam", not to "eat things sacrificed to idols", not to "commit adultery", that is, not to "drink wine and eat meat", not to commit adultery, that is, not to "drink wine and eat meat". "(3) In the Old Testament, the new Christ is the "victorious" one. (3) In the Old Testament, when the Israelites were on their way from Egypt to the Promised Land, a nutritious food called "manna" appeared every morning on the ground in the wilderness, not really, but as a metaphor for "spiritual food". In John 6:31-35 Jesus tells his disciples that he himself is manna, the true bread that came down from heaven. (4) The "hidden manna" is an invisible and invisible prize of the kingdom of heaven; it is what the Chinese call "onyx", which is much more expensive than gold. Gold has a price, but stones have no price. You have become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", and you are the "hidden manna" that ordinary people cannot see. (5) You are not "victorious", you don't even know what "victorious" is, and you don't get the "hidden manna". (3) "White stone" means white jade. The name of the Buddha given by Yahweh, "the new name written on the stone", is the new name of man in heaven when he becomes the "new Christ". (6) "No one can know except he who has received", for no one else is "victorious" and cannot reach the kingdom of heaven, nor can he see it at all.

27-2:17, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The hidden manna signifies the spiritual food that the faithful believer will receive. In the same way that God gave the Israelites manna from heaven as food for their flesh when they entered the Promised Land (cf. Ex. 16:13-18), Jesus is the "bread of life" (cf. Jn. 6:51), our spiritual food that satisfies our deepest spiritual hunger." (1) Remember that such words are spoken by the "devil Satan". The "hidden manna" is not at all "the spiritual food that the faithful will receive", but a "two-edged sword" to attack the Christian community with the false name "The "Antipope", who "kept my name and did not forsake my word while he was being killed in the place where Satan dwells", is "Only such a person can receive the "hidden manna". (2) He who has not "obeyed the teaching of Balaam; who has eaten the sacrifices of idols and committed adultery", who has not allowed the legal existence of "priests, fathers and ministers", who has not "obeyed the teaching of the Nicolaitans "This is the "victorious one", and only such a person can receive the "hidden manna". (3) Those who do not become "Antipas", who attack with a "two-edged sword" the "priests, fathers and pastors" within Christianity, do not receive Jesus, the "Bread of Life". (3) Without being the "Antipas" who use the "two-edged sword" to attack the "priests, fathers and pastors" within Christianity, we have not received Jesus as the "Bread of Life", we have not received spiritual food, and we cannot satisfy our deepest spiritual hunger.
27-2:17, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "What exactly is the "white stone" and what name is written on it? There is no clear answer; but since they are related to the hidden manna, they may refer to some sign of eternal blessing or eternal life for the believer. These stones have a special significance, for each one bears the new name of every true believer in Christ, a proof that they are accepted by God and that they are worthy to receive eternal life. God will give us a new name and a new heart": (1) "What exactly are the "white stones" and what names are written on them? You have never been to heaven and you are not qualified to preach because you are "practised but not certified", yet you have no shame in talking nonsense. So you are all spokesmen for Satan, the devil. (2) "It may mean that the believer receives eternal bliss or some sign of eternal life", which is just a wild guess made by shameless people; it also shows that your so-called "spiritual version" is actually the opposite of "Christian practice". It also shows that your so-called "spiritual version" is in fact an "evil spiritual practice" which is the very opposite of the "Christian practice". (3) "Satan the Devil", stop! Each stone "does not" bear the new name of every true believer in Christ, but attacks with a "two-edged sword" those within Christianity who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers and ministers". The new name of "Antipas". Although you "truly believe in Christ", you have not received the "two-edged sword" of Jesus, let alone the "Antipas" of martyrdom, which means that you have not received You do not have the "proof of acceptance by God" and you do not have the "hidden manna". (4) God will not give a new name and a new heart to those of you who, although you "truly believe in Christ", have not received the "two-edged sword" of Jesus, because you are afraid of life and death, you are afraid to fight against the Church, you have not "kept my name". You have not "kept my name", you have "forsaken my word", you have not "been my faithful witnesses".

Revelation 2 Send a letter to Thyatira (2:18-23)
27-2:18, "2:18 Write to the messenger of the church of Thyatira, the Son of God, whose eyes are like a flame of fire and whose feet are like bright bronze, saying: (1) The Greek word "Thyatira" means: the sacrifice of incense, that is, the sacrifice filled with many forms of sacrifice; the sacrifice is the practice of (2) The Greek word "Thyatira" means: the sacrifice of incense, which is full of many forms of sacrifice; the sacrifice is the practice of the doctrine of Judaism of the "Old Testament". This Church does not refer to the Roman Catholic Church, which believes in the Virgin Mary, but the "singing of hymns and prayers" is also an act of sacrifice. (2) The "Apostle of the Church of Thyatira" is the fourth case of Christianity, which passes on as Christian doctrine what is not the "teaching of Jesus". To have "Christians" believe in the "Virgin Mary" and sing hymns and prayers are "sacrificial acts", not "Christian teaching" at all. These are "sacrificial acts", not "Christian edification" at all. These are all manifestations of the "devil Satan" corrupting "Christianity" from within.
(3) "The eye is like a flame of fire", which melts metal and removes impurities from it, as a metaphor for the great wisdom that can remove superficial falsehoods and reveal the true nature of what is inside, which words of the "priests" (priest, pastor) are The ability to know which words of the "priests" (priests and ministers) are spoken by "Satan" in the guise of God, to know which words of the "Bible" are true and which are not, to know that "priests, ministers, crucifixes" etc. are all idolatrous Satan They can know that the "singing of hymns and prayers" is not God's teaching at all, but the teaching of the faithful is used to erase God's teaching. To have such a state of mind is to have "eyes like a flame", as the Chinese say, to have "eyes of fire" that can see the true nature of demons and monsters, and to have a "mirror to see demons". (4) The yardstick for "eyes like a flame" is to know which gods are "inactive" (not idolatrous; all names are idols) and which are "demons and satans". The "law of action" (that is, the words and deeds of "idols and idol worship"). It is only with the great wisdom of "eyes like fire", with the "eyes of fire and the mirror of demons", that one is a disciple of Jesus, the "Son of God", the Christ. (5) "Feet like bright bronze" is a metaphor for the great wisdom of Jesus that can easily kick through darkness and foolishness, and for the ease with which Christ can kick through darkness and foolishness wherever he goes, showing that Christ's will is steadfast and indestructible, exuding an unbeatable and righteous spirit. The fact that you do not find any "darkness and foolishness" wherever you go means that your feet are not like "bright brass", that you yourself are in "darkness and foolishness", and that you cannot easily kick This means that you have not passed on the "teachings of Jesus" and that you are not the "Christ, the Son of God" at all. (6) If you do not become a "son of God with eyes like fire and feet like bright brass" and only "sing hymns and prayers", you are not only not a "Christian", but also a person who uses "Jewish teachings". Such a person is not only not a "Christian" but also a "demonic Satan" who uses "Jewish doctrine" to smear "Christianity" and abuse Jesus.
27-2:19, "2:19 I know your works, your love, your faith, your diligence, your patience, and that you will do more good in the end than you did in the beginning": (1) "Love, faith, diligence, patience" is a process of learning and growth. (1) "love, faith, diligence and patience", which is the process of learning to grow from an ordinary person to a Christian. (2) "More good works will be done at the end than at the beginning", which shows that the state of mind has improved and something has been done. (3) You do not know what good and evil really are until you know what it means to have "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in your mouth". If you do not become a person whose eyes are like a flame and whose mouth has a two-edged sword, you do not know what good and evil really are, and you cannot see the true evil beneath the hypocrisy. (4) If you do not know what a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader" is, you will not necessarily be doing good things, but probably ugly things. You do not know that the church dominated by "priests and ministers" is the work of the "Nicolaitans" whom Jesus in heaven hates, and that what you do is not necessarily good, but may be evil. (5) Do you not know that what "priests, fathers, pastors", "Satan incarnate sitting in Satan's seat", do can be considered good? If you do not know that "abstaining from wine and adultery" means "obeying the teaching of Balaam", you will have a misunderstanding of what is good.
27-2:19, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The believers in Thyatira were praised because they were growing in virtue. The Church should not be content just because believers are saved or can meet comfortably for worship, but we should grow in love, faith and ministry, for these are critical times and we must use our time faithfully and wisely": (1) "Meeting and worshipping" means (1) "Idolatry" (the law of works) is the opposite of the "Word of God" (non-idolatry, lawlessness as lawfulness), and is the "devil Satan" using, under the guise of Christianity It is the "devil Satan" who is using "Jewish doctrinal techniques" to obliterate Christianity under the guise of Christianity. (2) To "grow in love, faith and service" is to indulge in "idols". (3) "Time must be used faithfully and wisely", that is, to worship idols.

27-2:20, "2:20 However, there is one thing I will reprove you for, that you have allowed Jezebel, the woman who claims to be a prophet, to teach my servants, to lead them to commit adultery and to eat things sacrificed to idols": (1) "Jezebel, the woman who claims to be a prophet" (1) "Jezebel, the woman who claimed to be a prophet", was the wife of Ahab in the "Old Testament", married from the land of the Gentiles in Sidon. Jezebel enticed the people of Israel to worship Baal (1 Kings 16:30-32). Baal was a foreign god, not the God of Israel, and "Jezebel" transformed "Baal" into Israel's own "God, Jehovah" to worship. (2) The word "woman" is feminine, and is a metaphor for something that is masculine and subversive; it is a metaphor for a Jewish person who is outwardly Christian, but is actually concerned with sacrificial behaviour. Anything that does not allow "Christians to be the indoctrination of Christ" is "the indoctrination of women". (3) The Roman Catholic Church lifts Mary, the mother of Jesus, above Jesus and uses "Mary's indoctrination" to teach "Christians", i.e. "let the woman Jezebel, who claims to be a prophet, teach my servant". the woman who claims to be a prophet, Jezebel, to teach my servants". Other denominations than the Catholic Church do not allow "Christians to be Christ" and use "singing hymns and prayers" and so on as Christian doctrine, which is "allowing the woman Jezebel, who claims to be a prophet, to teach my servant". This is "allowing Jezebel, the woman who claims to be a prophet, to teach my servant". (4) Instead of allowing "Christians" to receive "the teaching of Jesus", "Christians" are allowed to receive "the teaching of Mary" (Catholicism). (4) By not allowing "Christians" to be "taught by Jesus", but by allowing "Christians" to be "taught by Mary" (Catholicism), they are "tempted to commit adultery", and it is actually Catholicism that "rapes" Christianity. Other Christian denominations, which do not allow Christians to become Christ, "tempt them to adultery" in various ways, and "rape" Christianity in various ways. (5) "Idols, idolatry, idolatrous objects, idolatrous objects, hymns and prayers, charity", etc., are all man-made "laws of being", and all have four stages of "becoming, dwelling, and vanishing". "They all have four stages, so they are all transient and false, and are not the unborn and undying reality. The Judaism that Jesus rebuked was a doctrine that confused people about the falsehood of the "law of being", saying that they were "hypocritical scribes and blind guides". The "edification of Mary, the singing of hymns and prayers" is in fact an "updated" version of the Jewish doctrine of sacrificial acts, which "Christians" do not practise Instead of practising the "words and deeds of Christ", "Christians" practise the "teaching of the religious and women", which is "eating the sacrifices of idols". (6) As a "Christian", you allow the Catholic belief in the "Virgin Mary" to exist, so that the "singing of hymns and prayers" becomes a Christian doctrine, which is "One of the things I will reprove you for".

27-2:20, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "A woman of the church of Thyatira said to the believers, "Immorality is no big deal." Her name may have been Jezebel, or John may have borrowed Jezebel's name to symbolize her sin. Jezebel was a pagan queen of Israel and was considered the most wicked woman in the world (1 Kings 19:1, 2; 21:1-15; 2 Kings 9:7-10, 30-37)": (1) Do you see? This is pure "demonic Satan". The "devotional version" of this tone is dominated by the Jewish church under the guise of Christianity. (2) Jesus did not say that he was the "Son of Mary", but the "Son of God". The Catholic Church makes "Mary superior to Jesus", and Mary is not only used to discredit Christianity and mislead Christians, but the apparent "honouring of the Mother" actually makes Mary "the most wicked woman in the world The apparent "honouring of the mother" actually makes Mary "the most wicked woman in the world", for Mary is an ordinary woman, not Christ, and she is not qualified to teach "Christians" at all.
27-2:20, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Sexual intercourse outside of marriage hurts God because the person who does so prefers to follow his own desires rather than obey God's word; it hurts the spouse because it destroys a solemn commitment in the conjugal relationship; it also hurts the person himself, because it may bring about physical illness and have an adverse effect on character. Sexual sin can destroy families, churches and societies because it undermines the integrity of these relationships. God wants to protect us from harming ourselves and others, so believers should not engage in sexual indulgence even if society allows it": (1) This is "Satan the devil" smearing true righteousness. (2) The "temptation to commit adultery" is not the "evil" of male-female relations, but the "Catholic" use of "upgraded Jewish teachings (2) The "temptation to commit adultery" is not the "evil" of male-female relations, but the "rape" of Christianity by the "Catholic Church" which replaces the "teachings of Jesus" with "upgraded Jewish teachings". All "Christians" are guilty of "evil".
27-2:20, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Pagan temples often sacrificed animals to idols, and the unburned flesh was sold in the temple marketplace. Eating food sacrificed to false gods was not wrong in itself, but it could harm Christians who were weak in faith and make them apprehensive (1 Cor 8; Rom 14:2). Jezebel was apparently concerned only with his own selfish desires and freedom, not with the needs and feelings of other believers": (1) This was "Satan the devil" smearing true righteousness. (2) The "eating of idolatrous things" is not really eating "sacrifices", but is passing on "Catholic doctrine" as "Christian doctrine". (3) The "Christians" do not really eat the "sacrifices". (3) "Christians" who do not practise the "words and deeds of Jesus", but take "doctrines other than the words and deeds of Jesus" as "Christianity", are "eating". (3) "Christians" who do not practise the "words and deeds of Jesus", but take "doctrines other than the words and deeds of Jesus" as "Christianity", are "eating things sacrificed to idols. (4) Those who have studied Christianity and have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" are the "devil Satan" who "commits adultery and eats things sacrificed to idols" and corrupts Christianity from within. The devil's son and son's son".

27-2:21, "2:21 I gave her the opportunity to repent, but she refused to repent of her adultery": (1) "She" is not a particular person, but a person who has taken the "Old Testament" teachings of Judaism as Christianity. (1) "She" is not a person, but a person who takes the "Old Testament" teachings of Judaism to be Christian. "Anyone who takes the teachings of Old Testament Judaism to be Christian is "Jezebel, the woman who claimed to be a prophet". Anyone who, under the guise of promoting Christianity, does not allow Christians to become Christ is a "Jezebel, the woman who claims to be a prophet". (2) "I gave her the opportunity to repent" means that the teachings of Jesus are in the New Testament, and if you look carefully, you will find out which are the "teachings of Jesus" and which are the "blind guides "The indoctrination of Judaism. (3) Why did she refuse to repent of her adulterous ways? Because she had "forgotten her original heart" under the spell of the "priests and ministers", she had forgotten that she had come to "learn Jesus, Christianity and to be Christ" in the first place. (4) If she does not discover that the "priests and ministers" are the "Nicolaitans" whom Jesus hated, and considers them to be orthodox, she will not "repent of her adulterous ways". Such a person would not have "repented of her adultery". He who has learned Christianity and has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" will not "repent of her adulterous ways".
27-2:22, "2:22 Behold, I will make her sick and lie down on her bed. If those who commit adultery with her do not repent of what they have done, I will also cause them to suffer great distress": (1) Jesus is not blindly merciful and will make those who "will not repent of her adultery" "lie sick in their beds", for Jesus is just God. (2) Anyone who replaces Christian doctrine with Jewish doctrine (singing hymns and prayers) is a criminal who "will not repent of her adultery" and Jesus "will make her sick and lie in bed" because she has committed "falsehood and slander against the righteous". She had committed the mortal sin of "spreading falsehood, harming the lives of others, and slandering the righteousness of the law". Although their bodies are not yet "sick in bed", their souls have already been crushed and sent to hell to be tortured. (3) The "Christians" who cannot discover what is the "teaching of Jesus" and what is the teaching of the "blind guides" of Judaism are The "sick man in bed". Christians who do not know that the church dominated by "priests and ministers" is the work of the "Nicolaitans", whom Jesus in heaven hates, are Such "Christians" are "sick and bedridden". (4) A "Christian" who has not become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" and who does not know which of the "Old and New Testaments" are Jewish teachings written by Satan is a "sick man". Such a "Christian" is a "sick man in bed". (5) The "sick and bedridden" are generally those who are unable to "repent of what they have done", and "their great suffering together" is manifested in the weeping during the singing of hymns, in the confession of being the sinner who killed Jesus, and in the persistence of the sinner who killed Jesus. The "great affliction with which they were afflicted" was manifested in the weeping during the singing of hymns, the confession of being the sinner who killed Jesus, the insistence on daily prayer and repentance, all of which are the appearance of a "criminal" in hell and not at all the "general appearance of Jesus Christ on earth" with his infinite power. (6) Christians do not become "the general appearance of Jesus Christ on earth", but rather they are all "criminals" who "confess their sins and weep and cry". They are all "Jews" who have taken Judaism for Christianity and are "adulterers" who have "raped" Christianity with Jewish doctrine. The "rapists" who "rape" Christianity with Jewish doctrine.

27-2:23, "2:23 And I will kill her party, that the churches may know that I am the one who searches the hearts and minds of men, and will repay you according to your works Each one of you": (1) "to kill her party" would entail a judgment on the whole of Christianity, with "priests and ministers" of "clerical rank" The "priests, pastors", etc., who have the "priesthood" are "her party" that Jesus "will kill", because they do not allow Christians to become Christ, they make Christians their shepherding lambs. (2) We can read many articles exposing Catholicism, and many wise people who saw the demonization of Catholicism and left, and then they formed new Christian denominations, but they did not "make Christians Christ", they all made Christians their shepherding lambs, so it is not Jesus who is "killing her party", it was the division of the devil's family. (3) Just as Judaism will not be outlawed, so all "Christian denominations" will not be exterminated by outlawing them, for "the Word is born of the Devil" and cannot be without "Satan the Devil". "Satan the Devil and Jesus Christ" are opposites, "one yin and one yang", and if there were no Satan the Devil to harm people, people would not know what Christ is to save them. (4) "I am He who searches the hearts of men", and will not look at your superficial "prayers and confessions", but your "chanting of hymns and prayers" is to treat Jewish doctrine as if it were Christianity. Your "chanting of hymns and prayers" is a sign that you are treating the teachings of Judaism as if it were Christianity, a tool for the "devil Satan" to recruit a remnant, and a sign that you "refuse to repent of her adulterous ways". (5) Which of you Christians cannot repent and expose the behaviour of "priests and ministers" as "Nicolaitans" who are hated by Jesus in heaven, and take what is not "Jesus' teaching" as "Christianity"? "You have in fact been killed by Satan, the devil, and you are all living corpses. It was not Jesus who "made her sick and bedridden, and suffered great afflictions with him", but you yourselves who rewarded yourselves according to your deeds.
27-2:23, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "We cannot hide ourselves from Christ, for he knows our hearts and minds, but he still loves us. The more we have things we don't want God to see, the more we need to confess our sins to God": (1) This is "ecstasy" according to the shameless "devil Satan". (2) Jesus does not "still love you"! Because you do not know that "priests and ministers" are the work of the "Nicolaitans", whom Jesus in heaven hates, and that you have willingly become "shepherds of priests and ministers" and You are all "priests", not "Christians" at all, and you have taken the "doctrine of the priests" for "Christianity". "You are all criminals who "rape" Christianity, you are all criminals who "refuse to repent of your adulterous ways", and Jesus will use Jesus will strike you and kill your party with the "two-edged sword" and will kick you to death with the "foot of bright brass". (3) "The need to confess your sins to God" is a "magic pill" spoken by the shameless "Devil Satan" because "Devil Satan" wants Christians to become "confessors". "wants Christians to be "weeping criminals who confess their sins", not "sons of God" who subdue demons.

Revelation 2: Hold fast until the Lord comes (2:24-28)
27-2:24, "2:24 As for the rest of you in Thyatira, all those who do not follow that teaching and do not know the deep things they always say about Satan, I say to you, I will put no other burden on you": (1) "Thyatira (1) "Thyatira" means: the sacrifice of incense, that is, the Jewish form of sacrifice which appeared in Christianity under the guise of Christianity. For example, the Catholic Church introduced the "Virgin Mary" as a sacrifice to Mary, which is not Christianity at all. The "chanting of hymns and prayers" is also a Jewish form of worship. (2) Everything does not follow from the teaching of "Jezebel, the woman who claimed to be a prophet", which means that, although the Catholic faith in the "Virgin Mary" is not allowed to exist, "hymns and prayers are sung". "He who does not know that the "chanting of hymns and prayers" is a Jewish form of sacrifice is "a man who does not know the depths of Satan". (3) The "priests and ministers" of all Christian church groups, who often speak of "profound truths", have reduced "Christians" to "weeping and confessing". (3) All the "profound doctrines" of the Christian church group of "priests" and "pastors", which they often speak of, are to reduce "Christians" to "weeping, confessing, criminals who killed Jesus", or to minions of Satan, not at all to "sons of God who have eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in their mouths, and feet like bright brass". (4) "I tell you, I will not lay any other burden on you", but you have entered "Christianity", you are "Jesus who wants to be Christ". I, Jesus, do not ask you to "sacrifice to Mary, sing hymns and prayers", I, Jesus, do not ask Mary, the ignorant Mother, to be the Patriarch, to accept the sacrifices of your "Christians", but not to make you Christians. It is not about "Christianity" to make the "Virgin Mary" the Catholic Patriarch for the edification of the world, but "other burdens have been laid on you". (5) I, Jesus, will not place on you a burden other than "to be Christ's indoctrination"; it is "the devil Satan" who places on you a burden other than "to be Christ's indoctrination in word and deed". The incarnation of "Satan" is the work of the "Nicolaitans", whom Jesus hates.
27-2:25, "2:25 But what you already have, hold on to until I come": (1) Those of you Christians who are wise and who have read through the Book of Revelation and have become aware, realise that it is not permissible to allow the "Catholicism of the Virgin Mary" to exist, and to allow the "singing of the Holy Spirit" to exist. "(1) Those of you who are wise and have read through the Book of Revelation and have become aware, realizing that by allowing the "Catholicism of the Virgin Mary" to exist and by making the "singing of hymns and prayers" a Christian doctrine, you have obeyed the teaching of Jezebel, the woman who claimed to be a prophet, and that those who are in such a state must always keep it and have faith in their own opinions He who is in this position must always hold fast to it, have faith and patience in his own opinions, and not compromise them because he is alone and unsupported. (2) If you do not compromise until you die and believe that you are right, then I will receive you into heaven when I come, because you have the "eyes of Christ like a flame"; because you have received my "eyes of fire" and You have become the "Son of God, the Christ". (3) Among Christians, those who are wise, who have read through the Book of Revelation and have become enlightened, realising that to allow the belief in the "Catholicism of the Virgin Mary and the chanting of hymns" to exist is to obey the teaching of "Jezebel, the woman who claims to be a prophet". He who is in such a position fails to keep it, does not have faith and patience in his own opinion, and compromises because he is alone and unsupported. This is not "waiting until I come", because "Catholicism is the mainstream and hymn-singing is the mainstream", and you have fallen because you are timid in the face of a powerful "demonic group". If you fall away because you are afraid in the face of a powerful "demonic group", it means that you do not have the psychological qualities to become the "Son of God, the Christ" and you will not be born forever in the Kingdom of Heaven. Those who will live forever in the kingdom of heaven are like Jesus, the "Son of God, the Christ" who dared to rebuke the "blind guides" and who died as if he had died.

27-2:25, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Satan's esoteric teachings may refer to false teachings preached by heretics, or to the "assurance" of believers who supposedly further the spiritual life of man. We should be careful to hold on to fundamental truths and to examine carefully any new teaching that leads us away from the Scriptures, the Church or fundamental doctrine": (1) This is "ecstasy" according to the shameless "demon Satan". The "profound doctrine of Satan" means the false teaching of the heretics, which is not at all a "guarantee" for believers to further their spiritual lives, but is in reality a suppression of spiritual life under the guise of elevating it and reducing believers to It is a "guarantee" that, under the guise of elevating the spiritual life of a person, it actually suppresses the spiritual life and reduces the believer to a "minion of Satan". (2) Not knowing that "priests and ministers" are the actions of the "Nicolaitans", whom Jesus in heaven hates, and that "priests and ministers" preach the "profound doctrines of Satan". (2) The "priests" and "priests" do not know that the "priests" and "priests" are speaking of "the deep doctrine of Satan". (3) Without a proper understanding of the scriptures in the book of Revelation, we will not be able to hold on to fundamental truths, which will lead us away from the theme and core of the Bible, and we will not know that the doctrines of the Church are not Christianity, nor do we know what true Christianity is.

27-2:26, "2:26 To him who overcomes and keeps my commands to the end, I will give authority over the nations": (1) Do you not know that "to allow the woman Jezebel, who claims to be a prophet, to teach my servants" is to allow "(1) You do not know that "allowing Jezebel, the woman who claims to be a prophet, to teach my servant" means allowing "the Catholic religion of the Virgin Mary, the singing of hymns and prayers", etc., to teach "Christians". You do not know the "devil Satan" in disguise, and you cannot become the new Christ "who overcomes and keeps my commands to the end". (2) You do not know that "priests and ministers" are the works of the "Nicolaitans" whom Jesus in heaven hates, nor do you know that the devil is teaching "Christians" with the "doctrine of the faithful". You do not know that the devil is teaching "Christians" with the "doctrine of the faithful" and that it is the devil's group that is tempting Christians to "commit adultery and eat things sacrificed to idols", which means that you have been misled by "Satan the devil" and that you cannot become You cannot be the new Christ, "the one who overcomes and keeps my commands to the end". (3) In short, you cannot become the new Christ "who overcomes and keeps my commands to the end" without having "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in your mouth, which is the state of Christ", and you cannot be given the authority to subdue the "devil Satan" of the nations. Satan the Devil", for unlike men, "Satan the Devil" is not limited by national boundaries, but is everywhere, pervasive and spreads throughout the void. (4) If you have "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in your mouth, as Christ has, you will be able to give God the authority to subdue the nations. That is to say: the Christ of foreigners can also subdue the "demon Satan" of Israel. As the Chinese say, "Learn one law, know all the laws, and the laws are interchangeable; there is only one truth". (5) Just as "Chinese bows and arrows and spears can kill foreigners, so foreigners' guns can kill Chinese", just as "viruses and antibiotics" have no national boundaries. Jesus gave him the authority to become the Christ, and he was able to subdue the demons of the nations. The same Christ who is the fulfillment of the religions of the nations can also subdue the Jews within Christianity.

27-2:27, "2:27 And he will rule them with a rod of iron (note: "rule" in the original is "shepherd") and will smash them to pieces like the tiles of a kiln. (1) To know what a "rod of iron" is, we must first understand what the "one true God, God" is. All the words in the Bible that have a space before the word "God" refer to the "one true God". In the Book of Genesis, "In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. And the earth was void and chaotic, and the face of the abyss was dark; and the Spirit of God was upon the face of the waters". "The creation of the heavens and the earth by the One True God, God, and the creation of the heavens and the earth out of nothing, indicates that the One True God, God "This means that the One True God is an infinite circle. "The One True God, God, is a circle of infinitesimals creating heaven and earth, which is "one life, two lives". Heaven and earth give birth to man, which is "two begets three". (2) "The spirit of God runs on the surface of the water", which means that the spirit of God is gaseous, invisible but real. All tangible things have four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destroying, and emptying", and are not a formless reality that never dies. This is why idolatry is not allowed. Therefore, the righteousness of the Dharma is "the law of inaction" and magic is "the law of action". The fact that there are "water molecules" in all things means that the "Spirit of God" is contained in all things and is the source from which all things are born, which means that the "Spirit of God" is a boundless, omnipresent circle of infinity. (3) The One true God, God, the infinite circle of O, created "heaven and earth" and also created "the Son of God and Satan". The "darkness on the abyssal side" is the "demon Satan", a kind of evil god, the evil virus that destroys life; the "light on the surface" is the "Son of God The "surface light" is the "Son of God" which is the positive antibiotic of God that protects life. (4) The "invisible God" created "all things in heaven and earth", and all things in heaven and earth have the four stages of "becoming, living, destroying and emptying", so they are all false idols. The "invisible God" is a formless reality that does not come into being, and is therefore the "one true God, God". It is not the physical body that is born forever in heaven, for the physical body has four stages of "becoming, living, dying" (birth, old age, sickness and death), and is therefore a false idol. (5) The human soul (God of Knowledge, God of Knowledge, God of Magog) is the same as the "invisible God" (the Soul of Consciousness, God of the Origin, God of Gog), and can therefore become "Christ, the Son of God". The man of this life, having the realm of God's "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword, and feet like bright brass", becomes a "son of God", and the "son of God" refutes as if he were dying The "blind leader", who never fears death, never lives and never lives, will go to heaven and live forever. This truth is a divinely determined law of the universe, hard and incomparable, the only infallible truth for eternal life in the kingdom of heaven, God's "iron rod", the Buddhist "non-dual righteousness of clarity of mind and nature" (the golden rod), the Taoist Golden Elixir, and the Confucian "knowledge of heavenly destiny". Whoever understands this truth is the Son of God, the Christ, who has the "iron rod". (6) Having received the "iron rod" is one of the major signs of Christ, the eighth sign of Christ. Without the general appearance of having received the "rod of iron" and having swept away all demons and spirits, one does not have the status of "Son of God" and is not Christ, nor can he "subdue the nations" or become He who "overcomes and keeps my commands to the end".
(7) The "tile of the kiln", with its four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction, and emptiness" (birth, old age, sickness, and death), is not a formless reality that is not born, but is a false idol, one of the many "works". It is a false idol, one of the many "laws of being"; it is a metaphor for the magic that makes people "turn their minds outward and lose their own nature". (8) To use the "law of nothing" of becoming Christ as a "rod of iron" to break the "law of something" of "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc. is to "use the "law of nothing" of becoming Christ as a "rod of iron" to break the "law of something" of "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc. The "law" is the "iron rod with which they are broken in pieces like the tiles of a kiln", and it is Christ who is "subduing the nations". (9) The various "works of the law" which "the devil, Satan incarnate", has created are like the tiles of a house (the words and deeds of the Jewish "priests"), ( The "crosses, priests, ministers", etc.) are "idols" with a name and a face, the opposite of God's "law of nothingness, the iron rod", and that is why This is why the "iron rod" is able to "smash them to pieces like the tiles of a kiln". (10) You do not know what "the one true God, God, the law of nothingness, and the rod of iron" are, nor do you know what an "idol" is that is "like the tile of a kiln", because you do not have You do not know what an idol is that is "like the tile of a kiln", because you do not have the wisdom of "eyes like a flame". You do not know what "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" are, because you do not have the great wisdom of "eyes like a flame of fire". (8) If Christians want to "receive authority from my Father" as Christ did, they must have the Christian state of having "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword, and feet like bright brass" in order to receive the "iron rod". Otherwise, he is a spokesman for "Satan the Devil".

27-2:27, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Christ says that those who overcome (those who persevere to the end and are pleasing to God) will rule over the enemies of Christ and reign with him in his judgment against the forces of evil (cf. 12:5; 19:15; 20:3-4; 2: 8-9; Isa 30:14; Jer 19:11; 1Co 6:2-3)": (1) This is "ecstasy" according to the shameless "devil Satan". "Whoever overcomes" is neither "a man who perseveres to the end" nor "one who is pleasing to God"; "whoever overcomes "is "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass". (2) Without the appearance of "Christ, whose eyes are like fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, and whose feet are like bright brass", one cannot be a "man of victory" at all, but only a "criminal who confesses that Jesus was killed by me and cries and confesses his sins". (3) To be "a man of victory", but only "a criminal who confesses that Jesus is my death and weeps and confesses his sins. (3) To become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright bronze" is to be "a man pleasing to God". (4) To know that "priests and ministers" are "Nicolaitans" who are hated by Jesus in heaven, in order to be a "man pleasing to God". (5) Those who know that those who replace Christian doctrine with Jewish doctrine (the singing of hymns and prayers) are criminals who "refuse to repent of their adulterous ways" and are "pleasing to God". (6) To allow the "Catholicism of the Virgin Mary" to exist is to obey the teaching of "Jezebel, the woman who claimed to be a prophet", and it is only those who are in such a position that are "pleasing to God (7) "The enemies of Christ".
(7) There are two kinds of "enemies of Christ", those who are "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" under the guise of God, as in the case of "Old Testament" Judaism, and those who use The other is the one who corrupts the "teaching of Jesus" by "singing hymns and prayers, the Catholicism of Mary as Lord", etc. (8) Without the realm of "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, and whose feet are like bright brass", one does not know which are the "many enemies of Christ" and is not a true Christian, not qualified to "judge the power of evil". They are not qualified to "judge the power of evil", nor can they "rule over the enemies of Christ", but can only corrupt the "edification of Jesus" under the guise of "ruling over the enemies of Christ".

27-2:28, "2:28 And I will give him the morning star": (1) Having the realm of "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright bronze" and having received the "rod of iron (1) having the state of "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth and feet like bright bronze", having received the "iron sceptre", having become Christ with "eyes of fire and a golden rod", having defeated the two enemies of Christ throughout the ages; having mastered the religions of the "nations", knowing that Yahweh has distributed "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Jeremiah He knows which of the five religions are the teachings of God and which are the demonic doctrines of "Satan the Devil", and can "subdue Satan the Devil of the nations"; such a person is the "morning star" that shines through the darkness and foolishness of the universe and breaks the enlightenment. Such a person is the "morning star" that shines through the darkness and foolishness of the universe, and breaks through the confusion and enlightenment; he is the master of the "pontifical religion", the revolutionary of the religious world. (2) Not knowing the truth, not knowing that "all divine beings have the same origin", not knowing that "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" all interpret the same "one true God" from different perspectives, but only closing their eyes and considering all foreign religions as "the one true God". He only closed his eyes and regarded all foreign religions as "idols" and "praised himself and destroyed others", thinking that only his own sect was not an "idol". Those who speak and act in such a demonic manner, with such selfishness and self-interest, and with such cruelty, are the "morning star" of Satan, the devil; they are the opposite of the "morning star" of Yahweh.
27-2:28, [Explanation of the "devotional version":] "The morning star appears before dawn, when the temperature is lowest and the darkest. Just when the world is at its coldest and most desolate, Christ will suddenly appear to expose evil by the light of truth and to bring the reward he has promised (cf. 2:28; 22:16; 2 Pet. 1:19)": (1) "The morning star appears before the break of dawn, when the temperature is at its lowest and darkest ", indicating that the "morning star" is a religious revolutionary like Jesus. No one in the realm of Jesus who attacked Judaism as a "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" was a "morning star". (2) Christ did not appear "out of the blue", but slowly reasoned with those around him to make them aware. "Christ will appear out of nowhere" is the devil's way of sending people into a nervous breakdown. (3) Without exposing the words and deeds of the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", there is no "exposing evil by the light of truth". You cannot "expose evil by the light of truth" without having the "iron rod".

27-3:29, "3:29 Let everyone who has ears hear what the Spirit says to the churches!" : (1) This is the fourth time this phrase has been said because it is important. (2) "The words of the Spirit to the churches" are not for you to "see with your eyes", but to "hear with your ears". If you do not understand the meaning of a divine word, go to a "wise teacher" and ask; if someone else cannot meet your question, "turn from the dark to the light"; be sure not to follow a "blind leader". (3) "The words of the Holy Spirit to the churches" are not for you to "see with your eyes". If you take them at face value, you will directly misunderstand the meaning of the words. For the Holy Spirit's words are mostly metaphorical, with "refrains, allusions, metaphors, ellipses" and so on, in order to lead you to think, and to test your wisdom. "In order to prevent you from reading the words and taking them at face value, which would result in a misunderstanding contrary to the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit repeatedly emphasizes that "whoever has ears, let him hear". (4) To read the text and follow the meaning of the word. (4) Those who read the text and act according to the meaning of the word "on the surface" are misunderstood in a way that is diametrically opposed to the holy meaning, and such people are "animals with eyes, no ears, and no heart" who cannot think. (5) Taking the Bible and saying that the Bible is a "handicap".
(5) Christians with Bibles, you have studied "Christianity", but if you have not become a "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the iron rod", you have not become a "Christian". You are a "handicapped man" who has "eyes, ears and a heart" and cannot think like a beast, a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader". "Do you understand? (6) Christians with Bibles, you have studied "Christianity" and if you do not know that "priests and ministers" are Jesus "who hated the works of the Nicolaitans", you are If you do not know that "priests and pastors" are Jesus "who hated the works of the Nicolaitans", you are "handicapped" like animals who cannot think and have "eyes, ears and heart", "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders". (7) Christians with Bibles, you have studied "Christianity", but if you do not know the Catholic "teaching of Mary" and that other church groups are teaching "Christians" by "singing hymns and prayers If you do not know that the Catholic "teaching of Mary" and other church groups are teaching "Christians" by "singing hymns and prayers", that is, "allowing Jezebel, the woman who claims to be a prophet, to teach my servants", you are a "beast with eyes, without ears and without a heart "You are a "handicapped person" like a beast who cannot think, a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader", got it?

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 6 April 2017 Edited 8 June Edited 19 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei Province






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







