Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 33 Jacob is not a sign of Israel
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 33 Jacob was not a symbol of Israel
(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto any of the host of the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make a pillar of the stone that you have pillowed, and pour oil on it; build an altar to God" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself, and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden, and which the LORD has clearly stated These are the words and deeds that the LORD clearly states are "not to be".
Genesis 33 Jacob was not a sign to Israel (33:1-17)
33:1 And Jacob lifted up his eyes and looked, and saw Esau coming, followed by four hundred men; and he separated the children and gave them to Leah and Rachel and the two ambassadors.
2. "33:2 And he told the two ambassadors and their children to go ahead, and Leah and her children to go behind, and Rachel and Joseph to go behind them as far as they could." : (1) "The two ambassadors and their children were in the front", if Esau was going to kill, he would kill their group first, which was the last thing Jacob liked. (2) "Leah and her children were at the back", if Esau wanted to kill, he would have killed their group first, which Jacob did not like. (3) "Rachel and Joseph were at the end of the line". If Esau wanted to kill someone, he would have killed them last, which Jacob liked. (4) It shows that after crossing the river Jacob was once again timid, he once again had fears and doubts because he knew that his brother had been a hunter since he was a child, and he feared that his brother would once again remember what Jacob had lied to him about and kill, as he did. This means that Jacob "was defeated against God and man" and had no right to be called "Israel". This means that Jacob had lost the title of "Israel".
3. "33:3 And he went before them, and fell on his face seven times before he came near to his brother." (1) Such an excessive act of humility shows that he was suspicious and timid, and that Jacob feared in his heart that Esau would punish him for being a "deserving liar". (2) It shows that Jacob was "defeated against God and against men", and that he was defeated to the hilt. This means that Jacob lost the title of "Israel" and was disqualified from being called "Israel". (3) If Jacob ever called himself "Israel" again and called himself "Israel", he would be a shameless beast. (4) The Lord first gave him the title "Israel" and then told him to act out the opposite of "Israel" and see which one of you who reads Genesis can see it. Whoever sees that Jacob's words and actions are the opposite of what "Israel" should be, is "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". Whoever does not see this is "a blind man without ears".
4. "33:4 Esau ran to meet him, and took him in his arms, and put his arms around his neck and kissed him, and they both wept." : (1) Esau was weeping from his heart, because he was a rough man who did not care about his name and was therefore innocent. Jacob wept in fear & excitement because he knew that his brother had really forgiven him for the deception he had done to him back then. (2) Jacob should have taken the initiative to mention that he had lied and cheated his brother 20 years ago because he was young and ignorant, and now he sincerely apologized to his brother, saying that he would be a good man who would never lie and cheat. However, Jacob did not do so, showing that he did not have the sincerity to rectify his mistake, because he had been lying and cheating all along, and he had to flee back this time because he had lied and cheated. (3) Do you remember that? We must not have any illusions about the devil, for they will not "change their minds and hearts"; they must continue to "lie and cheat". without them we would not know what is "false and ugly and good and beautiful".
33:5 Then Esau lifted up his eyes and saw the woman's children, and said, "Who are these that are with you?" Jacob said, "These are the children whom God has given to your servant by grace."
33:6 Then the two ambassadors and their children came and bowed down.
33:7 Leah and her children also came and worshipped; then Joseph and Rachel also came and worshipped.
33:8 Esau said, "What is the meaning of these herds of animals that I have met?" Jacob said, "It is to be gracious in the presence of my Lord."
33:9 And Esau said, "O brother, mine is enough; let yours remain yours!"
10. "33:10 Jacob said, "Otherwise, if I have found grace in your sight, I beg you to take this gift from my hand, for I have seen your face as I have seen the face of God, and you have accommodated me." (1) "I have seen your face as I have seen the face of God", Jacob's flattery went so far as to show that Jacob "was defeated in his contest with God and with men" and had no business being called "Israel He was not qualified to be called "Israel" at all. This means that Jacob had lost the title of "Israel". (2) "And you have taken me in" to become your servant. This means that Jacob himself broke off his "brotherly relationship" with his brother as a parent, and that he did not really understand what was going on when he "touched him on the thigh". This is also a sign that "his thighs became lame". (3) "And his thighs were lame" means that Esau treated him as a brother, but he did not treat Esau as his brother, but as his master; he reduced himself to the status of a servant of his brother, not his brother's brother.
11. "33:11 Take the gift I have brought to you, for God has been gracious to me and has made me sufficient. Jacob begged him again and again, and he took it." (1) The fact that Jacob did not even call out "brother" and became "master and servant" is a sign that Jacob had "lost the battle with God and man" and that Jacob was not qualified to be called "Israel" at all. This is a sign that Jacob is not qualified to be called "Israel". (2) By his humble words and actions, Jacob showed that he had completely lost the title of "Israel".
33:12 Esau said, "Let us get up and go, and I will go before you."
13. "33:13 And Jacob said to him, "I, the Lord, know that the children are young and tender, and the cattle and the sheep are in the time of suckling; if I hurry them one day, all the herd will die." : (1) Do you see? Jacob did not repent at all for lying to his brother; he was already lying to his brother. (2) A liar like Jacob would have been uncomfortable in the presence of the austerity and righteousness, so he wanted to get away from his brother immediately and remove the pressure he was facing. (3) The LORD has made it clear what "Israel" is. It was to highlight the fact that Jacob was a liar who lied and deceived everyone, and to show the shamelessness of Jacob, the "soft-headed" robber.
14. "33:14 Let my Lord go before my servant, and I will go slowly, according to the strength of the herd and the children that are before me, until I come to Seir, my Lord." (1) It is surprising that Jacob did not call out to his brother, but spoke to him in the tone of "ask my Lord, the servant", indicating that he "touched him in the pit of his thigh" and that he did not really understand what was going on. Because he would continue to lie and deceive, Goge, who is "no different from God" (the Dharma body, the primordial spirit, the self-nature), did not care about him anymore, and he was left without wisdom, and his thinking was dominated by the devil again. (2) It shows that he did not have the courage to face his brother, who was of the same parents, that he had a demon in his heart, and that he continued to lie to his brother, that "Jacob's thigh was twisted when he was wrestling", that the lie had seriously damaged the "brotherly feeling" and diluted the "brotherhood". "This is the original meaning of the phrase "and his thigh was lame".
15. "33:15 And Esau said, "Let me leave with you some of those who follow me. Jacob said to him, "Why should I? Just be gracious in the sight of my Lord." (1) If you promise to be "my lord" and make me your "servant", then you will have found grace in your sight. This means that their "brotherly affection and brotherly love" are gone, and the "brotherly relationship" has become a "master-servant relationship". (2) "He touched him in the thigh" is no longer a hint, it is a waste of time. (3) This means that "Jacob's thighs were not twisted when he wrestled", but were "cut off", and they were cut off from their parents.
33:16 So Esau set out that day and went back to Seir.
17. "33:17 Then Jacob went to Zacchaeus, and there he built himself a house and made shelters for his cattle; therefore the name of the place was Zacchaeus (note: it means "shelters")." (1) The word "Sodom" means "shed", which is wrongly understood. (2) The meaning of "cut off" is that after Jacob had "cheated Esau out of his firstborn sonship and the blessing given to him by his father", Esau wanted to kill Jacob, and after Jacob had run away for 20 years, he was estranged from his brotherly love and had no more "brotherly feeling and brotherly love". After Jacob had fled for 20 years, he became estranged from his brothers and had lost his "brotherhood and brotherhood" and had become a "master and servant", taking sides.
Genesis 33 Jacob's journey to Shechem (33:18-20)
33:18 When Jacob returned from Padan-aram, he came in peace to Shechem in the land of Canaan, and pitched his tent on the east side of the city.
33:19 and bought the land on which he had pitched his tent from Shechem's father, the son of Hagar, for a hundred pieces of silver.
20. "33:20 And he built an altar there, and called it Eloi Yisrael (note: meaning "God, the God of Israel")." (1) "Eretz Yisroel Israel" is understood to mean "dedicated to the God of Israel, the mighty God is the God of Israel, Eretz Yisroel is the name of God, and Eloi is the name of God", which is a guess from the point of view of Jacob being "Israel". Israel", which is wrong, for have you seen whether Jacob became "Israel"? He did not. He fell apart at the sight of Esau, and did not show any sign of "victory against God and man", but of "defeat against God and man", and he was defeated to the hilt. Jacob is therefore the opposite of the state of "Israel".
(2) "An altar was built there", a sign of Jacob's "idolatry", which is the opposite of Yahweh's "no idolatry" teaching. (3) Some scholars have shown that the "altar" referred to here was simply a pillar that was erected and then oil poured on it. "Pouring oil on a pillar that is erected" is an attack of insanity by Satan's minions. Vegetable oil is food, and wasting food is punishable by hell. You should have been killed by a "righteous man like Cain" because you slandered and abused the Lord who "gives birth to life and does not eat". (4) To "build an altar there" is to honour God and is a sign of "defeat against God and man". Not to "build an altar" and never to lie and deceive is to worship God from the heart, and it is a sign of "victory against both God and man". Therefore, by his words and deeds of "building an altar", Jacob showed that he was a slave who had "lost the battle with God and man", and that he was not qualified to be called "Israel" at all. (5) An altar was built there, contrary to Yahweh's teaching that "idolatry is forbidden", and the name given to the situation was: Elohim Israel, the opposite of "Israel", Israel defiled, Israel defiled, Israel insulted. Israel.
(1) Whereas "Israel" and its definition were mentioned earlier, here Jacob overturns the "definition of Israel" by word and deed. (2) This is how the LORD "turns the other cheek and turns the other cheek" and gives us a detailed definition of the word "Israel" by word and deed. (3) If you no longer understand the meaning of "Israel", you have become a devil.
Posted by Li Huaiju on 3 Sep 2017 18:15am 4 Sep 10:10 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article