Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 22 "Saul" kills the priests who help "David"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings also had some disgraceful behaviour, which was the result of the "priests" venting their "hatred of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
22:1 So David left there and fled to the cave of Adullam. When his brothers and his father's whole family heard it, they all went down to him.
22:2 And all who were distressed, and those who were in debt, and those who were distressed in heart, came together to David. And David became their leader, and about four hundred men followed him.
22:3 From there David went to Mizpah in Moab and said to the king of Moab, "Please let my parents move in and stay with you until I know what God will do for me."
22:4 David led his parents to the king of Moab. As many days as David lived in the cottage, so many days did his parents live with the king of Moab.
22:5 The prophet Gad said to David, "Do not stay in the hillfort, but go to the land of Judah." So David left there and went into the woods of Haleel.
22:6 Saul was sitting under the weeping willow tree at Ramah in Gibeah, with his spear in his hand, and all his servants standing at his right and left. When Saul heard where David and those who followed him were
22:7 Then he said to his servants who were standing on his right and left, "Hear my words, O Benjamites! Can the son of Jesse give each of you a field and a vineyard? Can he make each one of you a captain of a thousand or a hundred?
22:8 How dare you all form a party against me! No one told me when my sons made an alliance with the sons of Jesse, and no one told me when my sons incited my ministers to plot against me, as it is today, to worry about me."
22:9 At that time Doi the Edomite stood among Saul's servants and said to him, "I have seen the son of Jesse come to Ahimelech the son of Ahitub of Nob.
22:10 Ahimelech asked the LORD for him, and gave him food, and the sword with which he had killed Goliath the Philistine."
22:11 So the king sent for Ahimelech son of Ahithophel the priest and all his father's family, the priests who lived in Noble, to be summoned. And they came to the king.
22:12 Saul said, "Son of Ahithophel, listen to my words!" He answered, "Here I am, O Lord."
22:13 Saul said to him, "Why have you joined with the son of Jesse to harm me, and given him food and a sword, and asked God for him, so that he might rise up against me, as you have done this day?"
22:14 Ahimelech answered the king, "Who among the king's servants is more faithful than David? He is the king's son-in-law and counselor, and is honored in the king's house.
22:15 Have I not asked God for him from this day? Not at all! Let not the king bring guilt on me and on all my father's house; for this is not known to any servant, great or small."
22:16 The king said, "O Ahimelech, you and all your father's house are damned!"
22:17 Then the king commanded the guards on his right and left, "Go and kill the priests of the LORD, because they helped David and knew that he had fled, and did not tell me." But Saul's courtiers refused to stretch out their hands to kill the priests of the LORD.
22:18 The king commanded Dorek, saying, "Go and kill the priests!" So Doi the Edomite went and killed the priests, and on that day he killed eighty-five of the men who wore the fine linen of Ephrath.
22:19 And he killed with the sword all the men and women, the children and the milk-feeders, the oxen, the sheep and the donkeys, in Nob, the priestly city.
22:20 And Ahimelech the son of Ahithophel had a son named Abiathar, who fled to David.
22:21 And Abiathar told David about Saul's killing of the priests of the LORD.
22:22 David said to Abiathar, "That day I saw Doyle the Edomite there, and I knew that he would tell Saul. It is because of me that your father's whole family has perished.
22:23 You may abide with me and not be afraid, for he who seeks your life seeks mine. In me you will be preserved."

Expository section.
9-141, "22:2 All those who were distressed, those who were in debt, and those who were distressed in heart, gathered to David. And David became their leader, and about four hundred followed him", Q. Is that so? Answer: Yes. When a family has been in power for a long time, it is bound to be replaced by another rising family.
9-142, 22:3 And David went from there to Mizpah in Moab, and said to the king of Moab, "Please allow my parents to come and live with you, until I know what God will do for me. Answer: Yes. Wait for the time.
9-143. (1) 22:5 And Gad the prophet said to David, "Do not dwell in the mountain fortress, but go to the land of Judah", Q: Is that so? (2) "22:11 Then the king sent and summoned Ahimelech the son of Ahithophel the priest, and all his father's household, the priests who lived in Nob. And they came to the king", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "Gad the prophet" was the "Jewish priest", and his presence with David was to illustrate the importance of the "Jewish priesthood" and the fact that the early "David was guided by the "prophet". (2) Is.

9-144, 22:14 Ahimelech answered the king, "Who among the king's servants is more faithful than David? He is the king's son-in-law and counselor, and is honoured in the king's house. Have I not asked God for him from this day? Not at all! Let not the king bring guilt on me and on all my father's house; for this is not known to any servant, great or small", Q. Is this true? Answer: Yes.
9-145, "22:18 Then Doyle the Edomite went and killed the priests, and killed on that day eighty-five men who were wearing the fine linen of Ephrath. And he killed with the sword all the men and women, the children and the milk-feeders, the oxen, the sheep and the donkeys in Nob, the priestly city". Answer: Yes. For they are all demons who compel the heart and deserve death for their sins.

9-146, [The "Spiritual Version" is] (1) "And it was he himself who actually rebelled against God, and not the priests", what devil said this? (2) "The death of the priests revealed to the people the bloody truth that kings can become wicked tyrants", what devil said this? Didn't "Samuel" the priest resent that "Saul" had not killed the Philistines completely? Did not "Samuel" the priest resent that Saul and the people "had pity on Agag, and loved the good cattle, and the sheep, and the calves, and the lambs, and all the good things, and would not perish"? Why was the priest "Samuel" not a "wicked tyrant"? Answer: (1) Because the Bible was written by "priests", and the "priests" of the past and present were all on the same side, and they were all political enemies of kings. (2) Everyone was good in the beginning, and those who survived the worldly struggle were brutal.

9-147, (1) "22:20 Ahimelech son of Ahithophel had a son named Abiathar who fled to David", Q. Is this true? (2) 22:22 David said to Abiathar, "That day I saw Doyle the Edomite there, and I knew that he would tell Saul. It is because of me that your father's whole family has perished. You may stay with me and not be afraid, for he who seeks your life seeks mine. In me you will be preserved", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes. The devil, like Yahweh, is immortal, so the "Jewish priests" cannot be killed. (2) It is a lie made up by the devil's priests.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





