Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 2 (Priests) Eli's two sons were wicked
(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the LORD. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together in one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

The original part: Eli's two sons were wicked men who did not know the LORD.
2:1 Hannah prayed, "My heart is happy in the LORD, and my horn is exalted in the LORD. My mouth is open to the enemy, and I rejoice in the salvation of the LORD.
2:2 The LORD alone is holy, and there is no one like him, nor is there a rock like our God.
2:3 Let not a man boast of his pride, nor speak arrogantly, for the LORD is a God of great knowledge, by whose measure the works of man are measured.
2:4 The bow of a warrior is broken, and he who falls is girded with strength.
2:5 He who was full has become a servant for food, and he who is hungry will never hunger again. He who is barren has given birth to seven sons; he who has many sons and daughters has declined.
2:6 The LORD causes men to die, and makes them alive; he brings them down to Sheol, and raises them up.
2:7 He maketh poor, and maketh rich; he maketh lowly, and maketh noble.
2:8 He lifts up the poor from the dust, and the destitute from the dung-heap; he makes them sit with princes, and gives them a seat of glory. The pillars of the earth belong to the LORD, and he has set the world on them.
2:9 He will guard the steps of the holy people; he will make the wicked silent in the darkness. No man shall triumph by might.
2:10 He who contends with the LORD will be broken; the LORD will strike him with thunder from heaven, and will judge the ends of the earth; and will give strength to the king who is established, and will exalt the horns of the anointed."
2:11 Elkanah went home to Ramah. The boy served the LORD in the presence of Eli the priest.
2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the LORD.
2:13 This was the rule of these two priests with the people: whenever a sacrifice was offered, while the meat was cooking, the priest's servant came, with a three-tined fork in his hand, and
2:14 and thrust the fork into a pot, or a censer, or a kettle, or a pan; and the priest took all the meat that came up. And all the Israelites who went up to Shiloh, they regarded it in this way.
2:15 And before the fat was burned, the priest's servants came to the men who offered the sacrifice, saying, "Give the meat to the priest, and let him roast it! He doesn't want it cooked, but raw."
2:16 If the man who offers the sacrifice says, "You must first burn the fat, and then you may take as much meat as you like." Then the servant says, "Give it to me immediately! Or I will snatch it away."
2:17 So the sin of the two young men was very great before the LORD, because they had despised the LORD's sacrifice (note: or "they made the sacrifice to the LORD distasteful").
2:18 Then Samuel was a child, and Ephrath, who was clothed in fine linen, stood before the LORD.
2:19 His mother made him a small outer robe every year, and brought it to him when he came up with his husband to offer the annual sacrifice.
2:20 Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife, saying, "May the LORD give you descendants again by this woman in place of the children you asked from the LORD." And they went back to their native land.
2:21 And the LORD looked on Hannah, and she conceived, and bore three sons and two daughters. And the child, Samuel, grew up in the presence of the LORD.
2:22 When Eli was very old, he heard what his two sons were doing to all Israel, and that they were having an affair with the woman who waited at the door of the tabernacle.
2:23 Then he said to them, "Why do you do such things? I have heard of your wickedness from all these people.
2:24 My son, do not do this! I have heard that the wind is against you, and that you have caused the people of the LORD to sin.
2:25 If a man sins against a man, a seraph judges him; if a man sins against the LORD, who can intercede for him?" Yet they still wouldn't listen to their father, because the LORD wanted to kill them.
2:26 And the child Samuel grew up, and the LORD and the people loved him more and more.
2:27 A man of God came to Eli and said to him, "Thus says the LORD: 'Did I not appear to your grandfather when he was a slave in the house of Pharaoh in Egypt?
2:28 Did I not choose a man to be my priest among all the tribes of Israel, and make him burn incense, and offer sacrifices on my altar, and put on Ephod before me, and give to your father's house all the fire offerings that the Israelites offered?
2:29 Why do you trample on the sacrifices which I commanded to be offered in my dwelling? Do you honor your sons more than you honor me, and fatten yourselves with the good offerings of my people Israel?'
2:30 Therefore the LORD God of Israel says, 'I said that you and your father's house would walk before me forever; now I say, "Never let you do this! For he who honours me, I will regard him highly; and he who despises me, he will be despised.
2:31 The day will come when I will break your arm and the arm of your father's house, so that there will not be an old man in your house.
2:32 You will see the fall of my dwelling in the time when God will make Israel blessed. There will never be an old man in your house.
2:33 I will not destroy those who are in your house from before my altar, but those who are not destroyed will dry up your eyes and grieve your heart. All who are born in your house shall die in their middle age.
2:34 And what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, will be your proof: they will both die together in one day.
2:35 I will make for myself a faithful priest, and he shall do according to my will. I will make for him a strong house, and he will walk before my anointed forever.
2:36 And all the rest of your household will come and bow down to him and ask for a piece of silver and for bread, saying, Give me the priesthood, so that I may have some bread to eat.'"

Explanation: The whole family of the "priests" did not end up well, for they were servants of the devil.
2:1 Hannah prayed, "My heart is glad in the LORD, and my horn is lifted up in the LORD. My mouth is open to the enemy, and I rejoice in the salvation of the LORD." (1) shows that this was taught by the "priests", that "Yahweh" was an "idol" sought after by the Israelites, that all Israelites worshipped (1) It shows that this was taught by the "priests" and that "Jehovah" was an "idol" sought after by the Israelites. (2) My heart is happy because of the LORD, and it will be sorrowful because of the LORD. My horn is lifted up in the LORD, and I will bow down in the LORD. My mouth is open to the enemy; I rejoice in the LORD's salvation, and will mourn because the LORD has not delivered it. (3) The LORD has made man a Christ who is "unmoved by evil and unmourned", the opposite of being a slave to "prayer".
2:2, "Only the LORD is holy, and there is no one like him, nor is there a rock like our God." (1) Because "Yahweh" is the Supreme Being, and all things are the Taiji from which "Yahweh" is born, "Yahweh alone is holy, and there is none like him", and is the Old Mother, also called the Old Mother, who gave birth to the universe. He is the old mother of the universe, also called the Old Mother. (2) The "rock" is a type of everything in the universe, and is born of Yahweh, and the rock cannot be like our God.
2:3, "Let not a man boast of his pride, nor speak arrogantly, for the LORD is a God of great knowledge, by whose measure the works of man are measured." (1) The words of the "Jewish priests" were "proud words and arrogant speech" and they were showing the true face of Satan the devil. If you find out that the words of the "Jewish priests" are "proud words and arrogant speech" and that they are showing the true face of the devil, then you become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire You become "Christ with eyes like a flame". Do you understand? Christians, that is how the LORD "makes Christians into Christ". (2) By becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", you have shown the true face of "the LORD, the God of great knowledge". If no one has become Christ, no one will know what the "God of knowledge" really is. (3) Only by becoming Christ does he have the correct yardstick to measure human behaviour. Without Christ, there is no correct yardstick to measure human behaviour, but only a one-sided and distorted "outlook on life and values" to measure human behaviour.

2:4, "The bows of the warriors are broken, and those who fall are girded with strength." (1) Because there is Christ and the devil, there are two kinds of "warriors' bows and fallen men", one righteous and the other unrighteous. (2) The righteous warrior's bow is broken, but the warrior still has the sword and the fist, and the warrior is still a warrior. "It does not matter if the bow has been broken, but the warrior with his bare hands and fists is the true warrior. (3) The good man who falls is girded with the power of justice. The wicked do not fall and are not girded with the power of righteousness.
2:5, "He who was full has become a servant for food, and he who is hungry is no longer hungry. He who was barren bore seven sons; and he who had many sons and daughters declined." (1) "He who was well-fed has become a servant for food. He who had many children declined" because he had been transformed from a righteous man into an "unrighteous man". (2) "He who is hungry is no longer hungry. He who was barren gave birth to seven sons" because he was raised from the "unrighteous" to the "righteous" who were righteous.
2:6, "The LORD causes men to die, and causes them to live; He causes them to go down to Sheol, and causes them to go up." (1) The LORD causes the "unrighteous" to die and the "righteous" to live. (2) He causes the "unrighteous" to go down to Sheol, but he also causes Christ and the righteous to go up.
2:7, "He makes the poor and the rich, the humble and the noble." (1) He makes the "unrighteous" poor and the "righteous" rich. (2) He humbles the "unrighteous" and makes the "righteous" noble.

2:8, "He lifts up the poor from the dust and the needy from the dung heap; he makes them sit with princes and give them a seat of glory. The pillars of the earth belong to the LORD, and he sets the world on them." (1) He lifts up the poor and courageous "righteous" out of the dust, and the poor and death-dealing "righteous" out of the dung-heap; he makes them sit with princes, and gives them a seat of glory. (2) To be a "righteous man" who is willing to die is to be a "pillar of the earth" in the world, a pillar of goodness of heart. The "pillar of the earth" is the "pillar of the earth" in the world. "He has set the world on its feet", that is, he can bear the burden of its development and progress.
2:9, "He will guard the steps of the holy people; he will silence the wicked in the darkness. No man shall triumph by might." : (1) It is not just faith in Yahweh that makes a "holy people"; the "holy people" is the "Son of God", which is Christ. Christ is not protected by Jehovah; those who are protected by Jehovah are not a "holy people", they are "mortal" common people who have not been truly taught by Jehovah. What Christ is like is in the Book of Revelation. Anyone who does not understand the book of Revelation and does not know the signs of Christ is not a "holy people", but a "mortal" common people who have not received the true teaching of the LORD. Judaizers and Christians who have not understood the Book of Revelation are minions of Satan and the Devil. (2) The wicked are the Satanic demons who are not afraid of the LORD because the LORD has allowed them to exist on earth. If there were no "falsehood and ugliness", people would not know what is "good and beautiful". There would be no evil in the world if the LORD had "kept the wicked still in the darkness". It is only those who act in the darkness that are evil, so the Lord cannot "silence the wicked in the darkness". Only Christ, who is the one who smites the demons, can "silence the wicked in the darkness". (3) No man can overcome by "external, divine" power. All men are able to overcome by the power of "their own conviction of victory".
2:10, "He who contends with the LORD will be broken; the LORD will strike him with thunder from heaven, and will judge those at the ends of the earth; he will give strength to the king he has made, and will exalt the horns of the anointed." : (1) Jehovah is the old mother who gave birth to the universe, the nothing, from which all things are born, the source of all things in Jehovah, so that Jehovah is without comparison, there is nothing to compete with Jehovah. Jehovah is known in China by many names, such as Wusheng lao mu, the Buddha of Immeasurable Life, Tao, Wuji, Xiantian, etc. He is the God of the Islamic world. The Chinese Confucius said, "The Way cannot be separated for a moment, but it is not the Way that can be separated", which means that there is nothing comparable to Yahweh, nothing that can compete with Yahweh. (2) The "ark of the covenant of the LORD" made by the Jewish priests was an "idol", not the true LORD, but a competitor with the true LORD, and would be broken. (3) To treat the "ark of the covenant of the LORD" as an "idol" of the invisible and omnipresent LORD is a demonic compulsion after the devil has kidnapped the LORD, who will strike him with a thunderbolt from heaven and will judge him and send him to hell as a condemned sinner. (4) The "king" whom the LORD has "set up" is a "righteous man" who is unselfish, righteous and willing to die, a "righteous man" who represents the righteousness of the earth. Whoever is a righteous man, who is selfless, courageous and willing to die, is the one whom the Lord "gives strength to the king he has made". The "words and deeds of the righteous" are Jehovah's "lifting up the horns of the anointed". (5) The "unrighteous" who are "selfish and narrow-minded, mean and cruel" are the "priests of Judaism", and the priests of Judaism who practice the Old Testament are the spokesmen of the devil. Satan's devil "gives power to the king he has made" by mutilating animals and making "burnt offerings" to Yahweh under the guise of Yahweh, and this is the devil "lifting up the horns of the anointed one".

9-8, "2:12 Eli's two sons were wicked and did not know the LORD": (1) It means that they did not accept the LORD's correction and did not become good, upright and unselfish people. He did not know what the true teaching of the LORD was. The spreading of the "burnt offering" of Yahweh among the Israelites as a Jewish doctrine is a sign of "not knowing Yahweh" and of "knowing Satan and the devil". (2) Does the fact that the two sons of "Eli the priest" were wicked mean that "Eli the priest" was a "good" father? "The fact that the two sons of Eli the priest were wicked must mean that Eli the priest did not educate them well and that he was responsible for their failure. At least not a "good priest". (3) "Eli the priest" was a devil who insulted the LORD with "burnt offerings", which means that "Eli" was "a wicked man who did not know the LORD "It was only natural that "Eli's two sons were wicked and did not know the LORD", and this was the inheritance.
2:16, "If the man who offers a sacrifice says, "You must first burn the fat and oil, and then you may take as much meat as you like." : (1) Those who offer sacrifices are minions under the spell of the devil. If you look at the book of Genesis, you will know that "burning the fat for the Lord as an offering" is a mortal sin that deserves to be killed. (2) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": (1) "And he who kills Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold", because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD", and also killed The brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" shows that Yahweh rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills a man who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh will be protected by Yahweh. (b) "So the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". "This shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice them" to the LORD will be given priority protection by the LORD. (c) Heaven is not a place of killing, it is a source of life, a place where life is nurtured, not a "slaughterhouse" at all! The angels in heaven "eat the wind and drink the dew" and do not eat at all, for they are themselves a breath of fresh air. Jehovah is the "energy group" that gives birth to the life of the universe. Jehovah does not eat at all and is not an "animal that likes to eat meat", let alone a "beast that has to eat animals all day long to fill its stomach He is not a "meat-loving animal" or a "beast that eats animals all day long to fill its stomach". Therefore, anyone who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Yahweh is a devil who slanders and insults Yahweh, who gave birth to life, with his words and actions of "cruelty to life". (d) Anyone who kills a person who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Yahweh is Yahweh's Christ and Judge on earth, and will be under Yahweh's focused protection.

9-9, "2:24 My son, do not do this, for I have heard that the wind is against you, and that you have caused the people of the LORD to sin": (1) Because of the improper things his son did, others would be led astray by his son, so that all the people who believe in the LORD would also learn to sin. (2) "I have heard that the wind is not good for you, that you have caused the people of the LORD to sin", so that his two sons did not have to fear him, and he did not criticize his sons, for "Eli" had passed on his sons' sins to "the people of the LORD". (3) He did not dare to say that it was the sons' "bad wind and selfish greed that caused them to sin", but instead he said, "Your wind is bad and you have caused the people of the LORD to sin", because the Jews had bribed them with "burnt offerings". This was due to the perverse thinking of the Jews who used "burnt offerings" to bribe Yahweh for the remission of sins.
2:25, "If a man sins against a man, there is a judge for him; if a man sins against the LORD, who can intercede for him?" Yet they still did not listen to their father, because the LORD wanted to kill them." (1) The killing of animals already "sins against the LORD"; the "burnt offering" of the LORD who does not eat is the devil insulting the life-giving LORD. Who can pray for a person who has "sinned against the LORD" in this way? (2) Of course they still did not listen to their father, for "Eli" had transferred their sins to "the people of the LORD", and "it is not your sins that have brought you into bad wind, but you have caused the people of the LORD to sin". You have sinned", and none of the LORD's people should speak of your sins. (3) "For the LORD wanted to kill them" not because of their "bad wind" but because they "gave the meat to the priest and told him to roast it! He doesn't want it cooked, he wants it raw. Give it to me at once! Otherwise I will take it away" because they had taken "the LORD's offerings".

9-10, "What happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, may be your proof: they will both die together one day": (1) These evil words were spoken by the devil, showing his true nature. (2) No good will come to you in the end by being a slave to the devil in the guise of Jehovah, for it is the nature of the devil to harm people.
9-11, "2:35 I will make for myself a faithful priest, and he will do what I want. I will build him a strong house, and he will walk before my anointed forever": (1) This is the devil's way of preparing the ground for "Samuel" to become the priest after "Eli". (2) "Samuel" began as a "faithful priest", and in his old age he was in the same condition as the old "Eli".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited on 3 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





