Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 4 The Ark of the Covenant of God taken captive
(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original Part: The Israelites who believed in "Jehovah" were defeated by the Philistines who believed in the "God of Dagon
4:1 And the Israelites went out to fight against the Philistines, and encamped at Shechem; and the Philistines encamped at Japheth.
4:2 The Philistines took up their position against the Israelites. When the two armies fought, the Israelites were defeated before the Philistines. The Philistines killed about four thousand of their soldiers on the battlefield.
4:3 When the people returned to the camp, the elders of Israel said, "Why has the LORD defeated us today before the Philistines? Why don't we carry the ark of the covenant of the LORD from Shiloh to us, so that we may be among us to deliver us from the hand of our enemies?"
4:4 So the people sent men to Shiloh, and from there they carried the ark of the covenant of the LORD, which sat in the midst of the ten thousand armies of the second cherubim. The two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, came with the ark of the covenant of God.
4:5 And when the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the camp, all Israel shouted for joy, and the earth shook.
4:6 When the Philistines heard the shout of joy, they said, "What is the reason for the shout of joy in the camp of the Hebrews?" Then they knew that the ark of the covenant of the LORD had come into the camp.
4:7 Then the Philistines rose up in fear, saying, "A god has come into their camp." And they said, "Woe to us! Nothing like this has ever happened before.
4:8 Woe to us! Who can deliver us from the hand of these mighty gods? These are the gods who struck the Egyptians with every plague in the wilderness.
4:9 Be strong, O Philistines, and be strong men, lest you be slaves of the Hebrews, as they are slaves of you. You shall be great men, and fight against them."
4:10 The Philistines and the Israelites fought, and the Israelites were defeated and ran to their houses. Many were slain, and thirty thousand of Israel's foot soldiers fell.
4:11 The ark of the covenant of God was taken captive, and both of Eli's sons, Hophni and Phinehas, were killed.
4:12 On that day a Benjaminite fled from the line, with his clothes torn and his head covered with dust, and came to Shiloh.
4:13 When he arrived, Eli was sitting on his seat by the road watching, and was worried in his heart about the ark of the covenant of God. The man went into the city to give the news, and all the people of the city cried out.
4:14 When Eli heard the shouting, he asked, "What is the reason for this clamour?" The man came in haste to give a message to Eli.
4:15 Then Eli was ninety-eight years old, and his eyes were straightened, and he could not see.
4:16 The man said to Eli, "I came from the battle, and today I have fled from the battle." Eli said, "My son, how are things?"
4:17 The messenger answered, "The Israelites have fled before the Philistines, and many of the people have been killed! Your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, have also died, and the ark of the covenant of God has been taken captive."
4:18 When he mentioned the ark of the covenant, Eli fell backward from his seat and broke his neck at the door and died, because he was old and heavy. Eli was Israel's teacher for forty years.
4:19 When Eli's son's wife, Phinehas' wife, was about to give birth, she heard that the ark of the covenant of God had been taken captive, and that her father-in-law and her husband were dead, and she had a violent pain and gave birth.
4:20 When she was about to die, the women who were standing by said to her, "Don't be afraid! You have given birth to a male child." But she did not answer, nor did she take it to heart.
4:21 She named the child Ichabod and said, "Glory to Israel!" This was because the ark of the covenant of God had been taken captive, and because her father-in-law and her husband had died.
4:22 And she said, "Glory has left Israel, because the ark of the covenant of God has been taken captive."

Explanation: "The ark of the covenant of the LORD" was "a toy for the priests to play with their slaves"
4:3: When the people returned to the camp, the elders of Israel said, "Why has the LORD defeated us today before the Philistines? Let us rather carry the ark of the covenant of the LORD from Shiloh to us, that we may be among us to deliver us from the hand of our enemies." : (1) Why has the LORD defeated us today before the Philistines? Because you believe in the devil's kidnapped "Jehovah", not the true "Jehovah", and all your Jewish indoctrination is the devil's indoctrination which is the opposite of the true "Jehovah". Your Jewish indoctrination is the devil's indoctrination which is the opposite of the true "Yahweh". (2) The "Jewish priests" killed the animal "burnt offering" of Yahweh, which is the devil's way of abusing the "Yahweh" who gives life and does not eat, and all of you Jews are blindly following and believing. All of you Jews are blind and faithless, and none of you are sober, so you are being punished by the true "LORD". (3) Instead of studying the causes of defeat and discussing battle strategies, they looked to the "ark of the covenant of the LORD", a "toy for the priests to play with their minions", to show that Israel was a "flock of lambs to the slaughter". 4:8.
4:8, "Woe to us! Who can deliver us from the hand of these mighty gods? These are the same gods who struck the Egyptians with every plague in the wilderness." (1) Who can deliver us from the hand of these mighty gods? Our own great wisdom can deliver us from the hands of these mighty gods. The "hands of these mighty gods" are deceitful lies of the devil and are "living targets" for the achievement of Christ. If you do not fear the "hands of these mighty gods" and know that they are the "ecstasy" of the "Jewish priests", you will become "Christ with eyes like a flame ". Do you understand? Christians. (2) The rumour that "the Egyptians were struck with every plague in the wilderness" is a lie of the devil. For "Israel was defeated before the Philistines", and you Philistines defeated the Israelites, who had "a mighty God", showing that the "mighty God" of the Israelites was in vain. The rumour that "the Egyptians were struck with all kinds of plagues in the wilderness" was also a lie of the Israelites.

4:10, "The Philistines fought against the Israelites, and the Israelites were defeated and fled to their houses. Many were slain, and thirty thousand of Israel's foot soldiers fell." : (1) Why did this happen? Because the Philistines had the belief that "be strong and be great men" rather than expecting the "Philistine gods of Dagon" to defeat the Israelites. (2) The Israelites themselves were defeated, and instead of striving to be strong, they pinned their hopes of victory on the "ark of the covenant of the Lord", a "toy for the priests to play with their slaves", and everyone was unmotivated, hoping that The rumours of "the plagues that struck the Egyptians in the wilderness" have become a reality today, and they are all "lambs to the slaughter" who have drunk "priestly ecstasy" and are nervous.
9-13, "4:11 The ark of the covenant of God was taken captive, and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were killed": (1) The Israelites were defeated, and of course the "ark of the covenant of God" was taken captive and became a "trophy" for the Philistines. "spoils of war". (2) Israel's "church and state pope" was the priest "Eli", and the "ark of the covenant" was the "pope". The "Ark of the Covenant" was a token of the authority of "Jehovah". (3) "Eli's two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, came with the ark of the covenant" to the battlefield, in the vain hope that the rumours of "the plagues that had struck the Egyptians in the wilderness" would become a reality today, and "they were both killed". "This means that "the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas" were killed by "the ark of the covenant of God", and that the "Lord" they believed in was a devil who killed them. The devil who killed them.
9-14, "4:18 When he mentioned the Ark of the Covenant, Eli fell backward from his seat, broke his neck at the door and died. Eli was Israel's teacher for forty years": (1) Israel's "church and state pope" was "Eli" the priest, "ninety-eight years old, his eyes were straightened and he could not see "The fact that he has not yet abdicated shows that he is a power-hungry lackey. (2) The failure to abolish the "life-long system" of leadership is a sign of the devil's control over edification. (3) The fact that "the ark of the covenant of God was taken captive" shows that all the rumours about "the Lord showing His miraculous power" were lies. The priest "Eli" knew this secret. The priests also knew that the "Jehovah" they served was a beast of burden, and that the so-called "ark of the covenant of the Lord" was a devil's seat, not a heavenly "Jehovah" at all. "This is a secret he can only know because he is a puppet kidnapped by the devil, and if he does not become a puppet, the devil will make him and his family sick. (3) "Eli was Israel's teacher for forty years", and the devil made the "priests" play with Israel, leading to foreign invasions and a great defeat for Israel, which became a "Philistine" dependency and colony. Israel became a vassal state and colony of the Philistines.
(4) Israel's situation after the defeat: "13:19 At that time there was not a blacksmith in all Israel, for the Philistines said, "Lest the Hebrews should make swords and spears." 13:20 When the Israelites wanted to sharpen hoes, plowshares, axes, and spades, they went down to the Philistines to sharpen them.13:21 But there were files to file spades, plowshares, three-tined forks, axes, and cattle-driving cones.13:22 So in the day of battle, no one who followed Saul and Jonathan had a sword or a spear in his hand, but Saul and Jonathan his son did." (5) Israel did not reflect on "the captivity of the faith of the Lord and of the ark of the covenant of God", and the appearance of "priests" one after another shows that the devil is never far from us. It is not the devil that is powerful, it is people's delusions and ignorance that make the devil powerful. People are unable to overcome their "delusion and ignorance" and therefore become the devil's slaves. This is why the Bible has been handed down. The Old Testament of the Bible is a literary presentation of the true nature of the devil through "reverse thinking", and as a result, the Jews all understood and practised it in a "straightforward" form, and as a result, of course, they all became slaves of the devil.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on March 18, 2017 Edited November 3, 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





