Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 1 The Demon King Born in the Cave of Demons
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the LORD. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together in one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu, 30 October 2017, at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]
1 Samuel Chapter 1: Elkanah and his two wives come to Shiloh to offer sacrifice (1:1-8)
1. "1:1 And there was an Ephraimite in Ramazophel, in the hill country of Ephraim, named Elkanah, the grandson of Sofer, the great-grandson of Thoth, the grandson of Elihu, the son of Jeroham": Ephraim (אֶפְרַיִם / א ֶפְרָיִם, Standard Hebrew Efráyim, Tiberian Hebrew Ep̄rá yim / Ep̄rāyim). Second son of Joseph, born in Egypt (Genesis 41:52; 46:20), meaning "to make prosperous". His descendants were the tribe of Ephraim, one of the twelve tribes of Israel.
2. "1:2 He had two wives: one Hannah and one Vinehnah. And Binah had children, and Hannah had no children."
3. "1:3 This man went up from his city to Shiloh every year to worship and sacrifice to the LORD of hosts. There Hophni and Phinehas, two of Eli's sons, were priests to the LORD": (1) In the days of the Shishu, God established a holy work in that city, and "Shiloh" was the site of the LORD's sanctuary, the centre of all religious activity in Israel. On ancient maps of Palestine, the word "Shiloh" means "belonging to God", meaning that it represents God and reflects his attributes. "Shiloh was the place where God spoke to his people, where Samuel heard the voice of God and where the Lord revealed himself to him. (2) "Eli" was the high priest of Shiloh, and his two sons also served in the sanctuary. Both "Eli" and his sons were lazy, indulgent men who looked after their own interests. During their service, they allowed the sin of debauchery to enter the house of God. Gradually "Shiloh" became corrupt and God's people were soon filled with greed, adultery and hypocrisy.
4. "1:4 And Elkanah, on every day of sacrifice, gave the meat of the sacrifice to his wife Venna and to the children born of Venna": (1) Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable of the earth that bears seed, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel": (2) This is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" that "no meat should be eaten". (3) This is God's "command and express provision" to "eat vegetarianism". (4) Those who do not take this statement to heart and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. (5) He who kills an animal for a sacrifice to God, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God who "does not eat meat, does not kill, and is a vegetarian". (6) The Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" is the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe the righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to make them learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish, to make them become a farce that "covers their ears and makes them go against the grain". "This is the behaviour and mentality of a vile and shameless devil. (7) God says: Behold! I have given you, "mankind", all the vegetables and seeds of the earth and the fruit of every tree with its kernels for your food, and all your food is pure green food and nutritious "herbs and pills". If you keep the five commandments (killing, stealing, prostitution and drinking), you will be able to return to heaven.
5. "1:5 But to Hannah he gave a double portion, because he loved Hannah. But the LORD did not cause Hannah to bear children": (1) "But the LORD did not cause Hannah to bear children" is the devil slandering and abusing the LORD, for it was not "the LORD did not cause Hannah to bear children" at all, because It was because "Elkanah" sacrificed meat to Yahweh, who forbade killing, because he was guilty of killing himself, and that is why he "gave birth to Hannah". (2) The Old Testament is full of such slanderous and abusive texts against Yahweh. Therefore, Judaism was a devilish group, and that is why Jesus cursed Judaism.
6. "1:6 When Venna saw that the LORD did not make Hannah fertile, she became her adversary and greatly agitated her to make her angry", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. The villain gets his way.
1:7 Every year when she went up to the house of the LORD, Elkanah gave Hannah a double portion. Binah still agitated her, so that she wept and did not eat.
1:8 Then Elkanah her husband said to her, "Why do you weep and not eat, O Hannah, and are sorrowful in your heart? Is it not better to have me than ten sons?"
1:9 When they had finished eating and drinking at Shiloh, Hannah stood up. Eli the priest was sitting in his seat by the doorframe of the LORD's temple.
1:10 And Hannah was sorrowful in her heart, and wept bitterly, and prayed to the LORD
1:11 and made a vow, saying, "O LORD of hosts, if you will look on the affliction of your handmaid, and remember your handmaid with affection, and give me a son, I will make him return to the LORD all the days of his life, and I will not have to shave his head with a razor."
1:12 Hannah prayed unceasingly before the LORD, and Eli fixed his eyes on her mouth.
1:13 It turned out that Hannah prayed silently in her heart, moving only her lips and making no sound, so that Eli thought she was drunk.
1:14 Eli said to her, "How long will you be drunk? You should not drink wine."
1:15 Hannah answered, "Not so, Lord; I am a woman of sorrowful heart, and have drunk neither clear nor strong wine, but have poured out my heart before the LORD.
1:16 Do not regard your maidservant as an unseemly woman. I have prayed to this day because I have been agitated and have had too much sorrow."
1:17 Eli said, "You may return in peace, and may the God of Israel grant you what you have asked of him!"
1:18 Hannah said, "May the handmaid be gracious in your sight." So the woman went away to eat, and there was no more sorrow on her face.
1:19 Early the next morning they arose and worshipped before the LORD, and returned to Ramah. When they came to the house, Elkanah was in the same room with his wife Hannah, and the LORD was mindful of Hannah.
1:20 And Hannah conceived. The date was fulfilled, and a son was born, and she called his name Samuel, saying, "This I have asked of the LORD."
1:21 Elkanah and all his household went up to Shiloh to offer an annual sacrifice to the LORD and to pay the wish that had been made.
1:22 But Hannah did not go up, but said to her husband, "When the child is weaned, I will take him up to the LORD, that he may dwell there forever."
1:23 Her husband Elkanah said, "Do as you wish! You can wait until your son is weaned, but may the LORD fulfill his words." So the woman nursed her son in her house until he was weaned.
1:24 When she had weaned him, she took him to Shiloh, to the house of the LORD, and brought three bulls, an ephod of fine flour, and a leather bag of wine. (The child was still young.)
1:25 And when she had slaughtered a bullock, she brought the child to Eli.
1:26 And the woman said, "Lord, I dare to swear before you that the woman who stood before you and prayed to the LORD is me.
1:27 I prayed to have this child, and the LORD has given me what I asked for.
1:28 Therefore I have given this child to the LORD, that he may return to the LORD all the days of his life." So there the LORD was worshipped.
9-4, "1:14 Eli said to her, "How long will you be drunk? Is this a misunderstanding of her (Hannah's) behaviour on the part of "Eli the priest"? Or was he discriminating against her? Answer: Discrimination against her.
9-5. [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "1:11 Take heed to what you have wished in prayer, for God will recover according to what you have wished; it is a sign of bad faith to make a wish to someone and not to return it, and it may lead to trouble": (1) This is all about "demons", not "the righteous and unselfish God". Such demonic heresies are "as numerous" in the Bible. In other words, the entire Bible portrays the "righteous and unselfish God" as such a "mean and evil demon", and this is the result of the "priests" (priests and ministers) of the ages. This is the result of the records of the "priests" (priests, ministers) through the ages. (2) The true God will favour real people without reward. Demons can help people achieve unrealistic dreams, but the price they pay is permanent torment with no way out.
9-6, "1:19 Early the next morning they arose and worshipped before the LORD, and returned to Ramah. When they came to the house, Elkanah and his wife Hannah were in the same room together, and the LORD looked upon Hannah, and she conceived": (1) It was not "the LORD looked upon Hannah", it was Hannah who conceived naturally. (2) The whole Bible portrays "Jehovah" in a very one-sided and extreme way, in order to deify "Jehovah" so that people will fear and obey their "priestly" commands.
9-7. "1:24 And when he had been weaned, he brought the child to Shiloh, to the house of the LORD", how old was Samuel at this time? Answer: 3 years old.
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited 3 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
,   