Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 22 Abraham to kill Isaac
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 22 God Tests Abraham (22:1-12)
1. "22:1 And after these things, when God had come to test Abraham, he called to him, saying, Abraham! He said, "Here I am": (1) "After these things God will test Abraham", this sentence is a "test question" to see what you know about "testing Do you know what a "test" is? If you think this is where the "testing of Abraham" begins, you don't know what "testing" is, because from here onwards until "chapter 12, Abram" appears, it is The process of "testing Abraham". (2) After the "testing", God wanted to test Abraham, so that he could show all the ugly words and deeds of the "prophets", so that everyone would be familiar with the "prophets". The reason for this is that after Judaism becomes a religion, "prophets" like Abraham will appear in all the countries of the world, and they will be the embodiment of the devil in all its forms.

2. "22:2 And God said, "Take your son, your only son, Isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of Moriah and offer him as a burnt offering on the mountain that I will show you": (1) "Burnt offering" is the sacrifice of a whole animal by fire. (2) To offer his only son as a burnt offering was a way for the LORD to see how far he had gone in his "faith in the LORD". If he really carried out the LORD's command without distinguishing between right and wrong, he would have been a foolish lackey who was frightened by the "idols of the LORD". (3) The LORD made man wise to become a righteous man and Christ like "Cain, Nimrod and Jesus" and to realize the eternal kingdom of heaven, how could he give man "a sacrifice of a whole beast on fire"? Did Yahweh make the animals to "burn the whole beast as a sacrifice"? (4) If the Lord had made the animals to "burn the whole beast as a sacrifice", then "Cain" should not have killed his brother "Abel" and would not have qualified as a righteous man under the protection of the Lord. Cain" would not have killed his brother "Abel" and would not have qualified as a righteous man under the protection of the Lord. "Cain became a righteous man under the protection of the LORD by killing his brother Abel, who offered "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the lamb" as an offering to the LORD. This shows that it is wrong to kill an animal as an offering to Yahweh. It is the devil who insults Yahweh, who "gives birth to life and does not eat or eat meat", and who should be killed by the righteous to pay for the animal's life. (5) Therefore, it is not right to understand "burnt offering" as "burning the whole beast in fire as a sacrifice". It is not "Christ's satisfaction as God", but "the best consolation to the LORD, the mother of the universe, to be the Christ who smites the demons".
(6) "Mount Moriah", located in ancient Salem (Jerusalem), was the harvest field of Alonan (Araunah) the Jebusite in the days of David's reign (1 Chronicles 21:15; 2 Samuel 24:16), and David bought the land for a full price and built an altar there for sacrifice (1 Chronicles 21:27/31). Later, Solomon built the temple on the site (2 Chronicles 3:1), hence the name of the mountain. Calvary, where Jesus was crucified, was located near Mount Moriah. Therefore, "Mount Moriah" does not mean "chosen, appearing, seen by the Lord" at all. (7) "Mount Moriah" is a place where Satan, who is a pest, dwells, a place where "Christians are not allowed to become Christ", a place where there is no Christianity, a place where the devil, under the guise of Yahweh, uses magic to obliterate Yahweh's edification. (8) It is for the child to leave you, to learn knowledge, to go first to the demon-possessed to open his eyes, to learn what magic is, to be deceived and then to leave, and that is why he is to "go to the land of Moriah". (9) "On the mountain where I will show you", first go to a demon-possessed person to open your eyes, learn what magic is, be deceived and leave, then go to a wise teacher and eventually improve your state and become Christ. (10) To make the child "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is to "offer him up as a burnt offering".
22:3 And Abraham arose early in the morning, and took his donkey, and his two servants, and his son Isaac, and he chopped the wood for the burnt offering, and he arose and went to the place which God had shown him.
22:4 On the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the place from afar.
22:5 Abraham said to his servants, "Wait here with the donkey; I will go there with the boy and pay my respects, and then I will return to you."
22:6 And Abraham put the wood for the burnt offering on Isaac his son, and took the fire and the knife in his own hand, and they went on their way.
22:7 Isaac said to Abraham his father, "Father!" Abraham said, "My son, here I am." And Isaac said, "Behold, the fire and the wood are there, but where is the lamb for the burnt offering?"
8. "22:8 And Abraham said, "My son, God himself will prepare a lamb for a burnt offering. So the two walked together": (1) Do you see that? "Abraham, the prophet of the Lord, was deceiving his son Isaac with lies. (2) "God himself will prepare a lamb for a burnt offering". This is the devil insulting the "life-giving, non-eating" LORD, who "wants a lamb for a burnt offering".
9. "22:9 And they came to the place which God had directed, and Abraham built an altar there, and laid out wood, and bound his son Isaac, and put him on the wood of the altar": (1) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", a foolish pig, was going to perform the tragedy of burning his son. (2) The "burnt offering" that the LORD said was not "a sacrifice of the whole beast by fire", but "the best consolation to the LORD, the mother of the universe, to be the Christ who smites the demons". (3) The "burnt offering" of the devil is not "a sacrifice of the whole beast by fire", but "the best comfort to the Lord, the mother of the universe, to be the Christ who smites demons. (3) The "burnt offering" of the devil is "the burning of the whole beast as a sacrifice", got it? Stupid pig.
10. "22:10 And Abraham stretched out his hand and took the sword, and sought to kill his son": (1) The mechanical execution of the LORD's command, without knowing the LORD's righteousness, resulted in a foolish thing against the LORD's will. Such people are all slaves of Yahweh, the "idol". (2) Ugly slave dog Abraham, don't you think about it, did the LORD give you a son so that you could kill him to "burnt offerings" to the LORD? Is the LORD still a merciful God in that case? Wouldn't that make him a devil who eats human flesh? (3) Abraham the fool, if you kill your son, what will you tell Sarah when you get home? Wouldn't your family be in ruins? Wouldn't such a Jehovah be a devil who mutilates lives?
22:11 The angel of the LORD called to him from heaven, saying, "Abraham! Abraham!" He said, "Here I am."
12. "22:12 And the angel said, "You shall not lay a hand on this child, and not a bit of it shall harm him! Now I know that you fear God, because you have not left your son, your only son, unto me." (1) When God said "burnt offering" you did not understand or ask, and when God said "offer him as a burnt offering" you did not have the wisdom to know the meaning, but you really wanted to kill your son and burn his body, "Now I know that you fear God! "Now I know that you are a God-fearing slave. Now I know that you have made God an "idol" and you have become an idol-fearing pig. (2) The LORD is the mother and father who gave birth to us and to all things. If a child fears his or her parents, it means that the child is a thief and a disobedient and unfilial criminal. (3) Anyone who does not dare to inquire about words he does not understand and who blindly carries out the commands of the Lord is a "God-fearer", a foolish pig who has made God an "idol", a criminal who is a thief and a disobedient and unfilial person, and a slave of Satan. (4) "You did not leave your son, your only son, without me" shows that you do not know what "Jehovah and Satan, right and wrong, right and wrong" are. (5) Jehovah wants man to be wise, to become Christ and to live forever in heaven. Satan wants man to "fear" him so that he may have the majesty of a demon king.
Genesis 22: Killing the sheep instead of the son (22:13-12)
13. "22:13 And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and beheld, and behold, there was a ram, and the two horns of it were fastened in the thick of a little tree; and Abraham took the ram, and offered it for a burnt offering in place of his son": (1) "And the angel said, Thou shalt not lay hands on the boy, nor harm him at all ", Abraham should not have thought of the "burnt offering" any more, but should have returned. But he did not return, for the "burnt offering" was a deep-rooted magic in his heart, and he could not stop the demonic nature of killing life without killing it. (2) "There was a ram, and its horns were fastened in a thick tree." He should have rescued the ram and let it go free, but he did not let the ram go in its plight, showing that he did not have any compassion, but the demonic nature of killing life. (3) "Take the ram and offer it as a burnt offering in place of his son", Abraham, did the LORD approve of you doing this? Did the LORD give you permission to do this? The LORD did not give you permission, nor did He allow you to use a ram instead, but you decided to "offer a burnt offering" on your own, that is, you imposed your idea on the LORD. (4) It was common for Jewish "prophets" throughout the ages to impose their own ideas on Yahweh. What was originally the idea of the "prophet" became what Yahweh wanted. This is a manifestation of Satan's demagoguery under the guise of Yahweh.
14. "22:14 And Abraham called the name of the place "Yahweh Elohim" (note: which means "Yahweh will prepare"), and to this day men say, "In the mountain of Yahweh there will be preparation. " (1) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", did not know before he went there that there was a "ram for a burnt offering in place of his son", which means that he was a false "prophet". (2) "Even to this day men say, "There will be a preparation on the mountain of the Lord", indicating that falsehood has been spread until today. (3) The falsehood has been passed on to this day, but the true has been lost. When someone tells everyone the truth, everyone says it is false, because the false has been handed down as true for over a thousand years. This is the sadness of human civilization.
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 22 He who listens to myths is a fool (22:15-24)
22:15 And the angel of the LORD called to Abraham a second time from heaven, saying.
16. "22:16 And the LORD said, If thou hast done this, and hast not left thy son, thy only son, I will swear by myself, saying": (1) And the LORD said, If thou hast done such a foolish thing, thou wilt not even leave thy son, thy only son, to kill. (2) Do you know that you do not ask what a "burnt offering" is, and that you do not ask what the LORD does with "burnt offerings", which burn animals by fire, and that the devil insults the LORD? Did the LORD give you a son so that you could kill him today and burn him with fire?
17. "22:17 I will give you great blessings, and I will multiply your sons and your daughters as the stars of heaven and the sand of the seashore. Your children shall have the gates of the enemy": (1) "In terms of blessing" there are two categories: true and false, or small and large. (2) "In regard to blessings, I will give you great blessings", but you cannot receive great blessings from the LORD either, for great blessings need great wisdom to carry them. (3) "In regard to offspring" there are two categories: those who have children and descendants are the lesser offspring; those who are foreigners and become your disciples, and those who become Christ, are the greater offspring. (3) "I will multiply your children", but you can only multiply your family, you are not qualified to make disciples, because you are a selfish and narrow-minded type of person, you are not qualified to make disciples. You can only "harm your family". (4) "I will multiply your children as the stars of heaven and the sand of the seashore" is a "blank cheque", and it is not a "covenant" with you at all, because you do not know what a "perfect man" is. You do not know what a "perfect man" is, you are a devil's advocate yourself. (5) "Your children will have the gates of the enemy", and you will pay a heavy price because your children have not passed on the teaching of the LORD, but you have taken the teaching of the devil for the teaching of the LORD.
18. "2:18 And all the nations of the earth will be blessed by your seed, because you have obeyed my words": (1) This is a deliberate "toy" given by the LORD to the slaves of fame, and if you believe it, you are If you believe it, you are a "blind man without ears". (2) The LORD's "burnt offering" was to become "righteous like Cain, Nimrod and Jesus" and to live forever in heaven. If you take Satan's "burnt offering" of burning animals as Jehovah's "burnt offering", it will only harm your family. If the "burnt offering" of burning animals spreads to the nations and misleads the public because of you, your descendants will be killed by foreign countries because you promote magic. (3) You have taken Satan's "burnt offering" of burning animals for Yahweh's "burnt offering", and you have not listened to Yahweh's words, but to Satan's words.
22:19 So Abraham returned to his servant, and they all got up together and went to Beersheba, and Abraham stayed in Beersheba.
22:20 After these things it was told to Abraham, "Micah has borne sons to your brother Nahor.
22:21 The eldest son was Uzz, and his brothers were Gimuriel, the father of Booth and Aram
22:22 and Kisher, and Hazor, and Bildad, and Ilah, and Pethuriel (Pethuriel begat Rebekah)."
22:23 All these eight were born to Nahor, Abraham's brother, by Micah.
22:24 Nahor's concubine's name was Reumah, and she gave birth to Tiberias, Gahan, Tahjah and Maacah.
Li Huaizhu Published on 30 Aug 2017 08:05 31:40 PM Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article