Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 16 The Abramites are ridiculous
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The Bible The Old Testament, Chapter 1 Genesis, Chapter 16 The Abramites are ridiculous
[Note: (1) Genesis is the first book of the Old Testament of the Bible, and one should not think that Genesis is a Jewish classic. The book of Genesis is a "heavenly book" that predates Judaism, and was only used as a "Jewish classic" by the Jewish priests. Genesis is not a Jewish classic, as we all remember. (2) Because few people could read and write in ancient times, a few literate Jews misinterpreted, blasphemed and kidnapped the Book of Genesis, making it a tool for them to "create sins through God, to confuse people and to harm their lives", and after the Book of Genesis, they invented a huge number of demonic heresies, pretending to be classics with continuity to the Book of Genesis. This is how "Judaism" came into being. (3) Is it true that Judaism blasphemes and misinterprets the Book of Genesis? Once we know the meaning of the book of Genesis and look at the teachings of Judaism in the "Old Testament" after Genesis, it will become clear to you. The teachings of the "Old Testament" are the opposite of the teachings of God in Genesis.
(4) After becoming the Christ, Jesus understood Genesis and found that Judaism was a devilish group that had misinterpreted Genesis and kidnapped Jehovah to promote Satan's teachings, so he launched an attack on the Jewish group, which Jesus called "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". Jesus used the fact that he had been "crucified" by Judaism to prove that Judaism was a demonic group that harmed people. (5) During Constantine the Great (272-337) Christianity became the state religion of Rome, and Jesus' Christian system gave birth to the monstrosity of "Catholicism" under the imperial power, and from then on, no matter which sect of Christianity (including branches of Orthodoxy and Orthodoxy, etc.), the Christian "Christians" Christians" have lost the words and deeds of Jesus and are anesthetizing themselves with "singing hymns and prayers and doing charity", words and deeds that Jesus did not do. The Ark of Jesus has completed its mission and has been replaced by the Ark of the Devil under the guise of Christianity.
Genesis 16: Sarai slanders the Lord (16:1-3)
1. "16:1 Sarai, Abram's wife, did not give him any children. Sarai had an ambassador named Hagar, an Egyptian": (1) "Sarai, Abram's wife, did not give him children" is not all because of Sarai, but mainly because of Abram. (2) Because Abram was not wise, his mind was stagnant, and he took falsehood for truth, all of which were disobedient words and actions.
2. "16:2 Then Sarai said to Abram, "The LORD has made me barren, so I beg you to lie with my maid, or I may have children through her. Abram listened to Sarai": (1) "The LORD has made me barren" is the most scandalous and ignorant statement a Jew can make, and it is the devil slandering the LORD, for it is man himself who is the problem, not the LORD who is deliberately working against any good man. (2) Throughout Judaism, everything that is bad is because of Yahweh and everything that is good is because of Yahweh, which means that the Jewish people are all minions of Yahweh, the "idol", and are all "sick and nervous". (3) Sarai, your inability to point out Abram's faults and to advise him after he had defeated the "four kings" to become the king of the "nine kings" shows that you are an ordinary woman with no vision. Have you not met the generous Egyptian Pharaoh? Your inability to make Abram a man like the Egyptian Pharaoh shows that you are an ordinary woman. Abram was a muddlehead, and you are no better. You are "barren" because you are stagnant in your thinking and you do not give out. (4) By allowing Abram to share a room with Hagar, her envoy, Sarai was doing a major liberation of her own mind, fulfilling the beauty of Abram and Hagar, a good deed of manhood.
3. "16:3 Then Sarai, Abram's wife, gave her husband Hagar, the Egyptian, as a concubine. At that time Abram had been living in Canaan for ten years": (1) Sarai, Abram's wife, gave her husband Hagar, the Egyptian, as a concubine, in the hope that she would give Abram a child. (2) Abram had defeated the "four kings" and was unable to unite the territories of the "nine kings" to give peace to the people, indicating that he had too much of a "small people" mentality and no vision, and was abandoned by the Lord. He had lived in Canaan for ten years.
Genesis 16: Sarai's mistreatment of the envoy Hagar (16:4-16)
4. "16:4 And Abram lay with Hagar, and Hagar conceived. When she saw that she was pregnant, she despised her mother-in-law": (1) This is the "complacency" of almost every humble person who has suddenly changed his or her situation, and the "bad nature" that comes from a lack of discipline. (2) When you have just changed your situation, you can't wait to laugh at someone else as a revenge for serving her, to balance your "different" mentality, and as a result, you often end up defeating yourself, because you are "unstable".
5. "16:5 Then Sarai said to Abram, "I have been wronged because of you, and I have put my daughter in your bosom, and she has despised me when she saw that she was pregnant; may the LORD judge between you and me." (1) "When she saw that she was pregnant, she belittled me" because you have not put down your "matriarchal" stance. This means that you are unbalanced when you see that Xia A is pregnant. This is the result of an imbalance in your own mind, as you feel that you are being "underestimated" because Xiajia is not being treated with the respect expected of a "maid". You should be generous and tolerant of her "underestimation". (2) Xia A is no longer an "ambassador" and is not as respectful to you as she used to be, which is normal. It is not possible to ask Xiajia, who is no longer an "ambassador", not to "belittle" you, because you are still stuck in the old feeling of "being respected" and cannot face the elevated Xiajia with tolerance. You are not able to face the elevated Hagar with tolerance, so you have a gap in your mind. (3) "May the LORD judge between you and me" is nonsense because the LORD does not care about any of your family matters. You don't even know how to solve such a domestic matter properly, and to say "May the LORD judge between you and me" shows that you are a servant of the LORD, the "idol".
6. "16:6 And Abram said to Sarai, "Do with your daughter as you please while she is under you. And Sarai treated her bitterly, and she fled from Sarai": (1) "You may do as you please with your maid under you" is the devil's word, which shows that Abram was a beast without justice, fairness or kindness. Abram could not even take up the responsibilities of Hagar's husband, could not properly settle the affairs of his household, and was not qualified to handle the affairs of state as a king, nor could he afford to take up the office of king of state. (2) No wonder the king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the population", and no wonder Melchizedek asked Abram to give him a tenth of what he received, which shows that Abram was a brain-dead psychopath. (3) Sarai was supported by Abram in treating Hagar, an Egyptian woman who was pregnant and about to give birth, badly. Hagar, who had no family to protect her husband Abram, had no choice but to flee.
7. "16:7 The angel of the LORD met her by the fountain of water on the road to Shuar in the wilderness": (1) The "angel of the LORD" is the "angel". The "angel" came to earth and became a man of about fifty years of age. (2) "Shur" is the name of the desert, which means "wall, fortress", located east of the Gulf of Suez, opposite Egypt. (2) Hagar, an Egyptian woman who was pregnant and about to give birth, was not protected by her husband Abram and wanted to return to her home in Egypt, on the road near Egypt.
8. "16:8 Say to her, Hagar, the ambassador of Sarai, where have you come from? Where are you going? Hagar said, "I have fled from the presence of Sarai, my mother": (1) In order to prove that he was a "messenger of the LORD", the angel directly stated the true identity of Hagar and demonstrated his prophetic power in order to dispel her fears and gain her trust. (2) Since the angel knew "Hagar the messenger of Sarai", he had to know "where you came from and where you are going". (3) Hagar said, "I have been "afflicted" from the presence of Sarai, the mother of my Lord, and Abram did not protect me, so I fled.
9. "16:9 And the angel of the LORD said to her, Go back to your mother, and serve her": (1) And the angel of the LORD said to her, Go back to your mother, and go and apologize to her, and serve her afterwards. "Disobeying people makes your Gog hurt", because your Gog (spiritual, legalistic, nature) was humble in the time of the Kingdom of Heaven, and therefore, in this life you are an ambassadoress. (2) There is also something wrong with you. Although you conceived a child for Abram, you should not "despise the mother of the Lord" just because you are pregnant. It is ignorant and wrong to look down on anyone. To salute and respect others does not demean you, but rather makes you feel polite, well-mannered and generous, thus giving rise to a taller image. (3) Don't think that "bowing to others" is only for the humble, as this is a sign of ignorance. It is only the humble who "do not salute", the foolish who are uncultivated and far from civilization.
10. "16:10 And he said, "I will make your descendants exceedingly numerous, even beyond number": (1) The land is lowly. It is uncountable. (2) Your humility in "saluting and honouring others" shows that you are as broad-minded as the earth, that you are the "messenger of the Lord" who teaches people in the world, and that you have done good deeds in teaching people, and I will make your descendants exceedingly numerous, even beyond number, as a reward for you. As a reward for you.
11. "16:11 And he said, "Now you are pregnant with a son, and you may call his name Ishmael (note: meaning "God heard"), for the LORD has heard your affliction": (1) Now you are pregnant with a son, and you will give birth to a son. You may call his name "Ishmael", for the LORD has heard your affliction. (2) The LORD hears the affliction of Hagar and the affliction of all men, for on earth there is "the affliction of eating, drinking, sleeping, birth, old age, sickness and death", and this world is "a world of misery and evil. "When one comes down from heaven and becomes a man of the world, one comes to suffer from the tribulation. Therefore, Jehovah made the "ark" in all times, so that good people in all times could become Christ, leave the world, and no longer suffer as human beings, and live forever in the kingdom of heaven.
12. "16:12 He will be like a wild ass. His hand shall strike men, and the hand of men shall strike him. He shall dwell in the east of all his brethren": (1) Wild asses are divided into Asian wild asses and African wild asses, both of which are strong, hard-working and durable animals. They have great stamina, i.e. they can withstand cold and heat as well as hunger and thirst. Wild asses are the slowest moving of the equine genus, but they can go for long periods without water, something that neither horses nor zebras can match. They do not run as fast as horses or zebras, but they have a steady and enduring pace. Wild donkeys have a keen sense of sight, hearing and smell, especially the more developed senses of sight and hearing. Donkeys have been domesticated and used by humans for longer than horses. (2) "The man is like a wild donkey", indicating that the man is strong and hard-working, and if he is well brought up, he will be able to take on important tasks. (3) "His hands will attack men" indicates that he is a strong man who will quell rebellions. (4) "The hands of men will also attack him" indicates that he will have to be tempered for endurance, be tested by frustration and achieve a stalwart character. (5) "The east" is the place where the sun rises, the place where it shines first, the place where the light comes first, the first of all. "He dwelt on the east side of all his brethren" means that all his brethren were not as bright and accomplished as he was.
13. "16:13 Then Hagar called the Lord, who spoke to her, "the God who looks after men". So she said, "Do I see him here who looks after me?" (1) Hagar said to the "angel" to whom she spoke that the LORD could be called "the God who looks after men". The "God who looks after men" does not look after all men, but is the "one true God" who looks after only the "good, the righteous, the defiant, the humiliated", and who looks after only the "righteous". The "one true God" who looks only on the "righteous". (2) Can I be seen by the LORD here too? Can I see the LORD who watches over me? (3) You are a "good person, a righteous person, a person who is not afraid of violence and who endures humiliation", and you can be seen by the LORD wherever you are, because you are a full-blooded child of the LORD's teachings. When you see someone who teaches you, when you see someone who teaches you to "recognise your faults and endure humiliation", you see the LORD who looks after you. The one who teaches people to "know their faults and bear their shame" in the world is a LORD.
16:14 So the name of the well was Pyrrhichaele. It was in the midst of Kadesh and Baal.
16:15 Then Hagar gave Abram a son, and Abram called his name Ishmael.
16:16 And Abram was eighty-six years old when Hagar gave birth to Ishmael.
(1) "The LORD has made me barren" is a statement that was left in Genesis to provoke thought and then "caution" because it is a slander and abuse of the LORD by the devil, for it is not It is you who are being punished for not following the LORD's rules. (2) "The one to blame is you", not Yahweh at all! You are beasts of burden for not even understanding such a truth. (3) What is most surprising is that such an ugly and ignorant statement was copied by the Jews, who had developed this ugly habit in the "days of Moses", and who would inadvertently say "Yahweh makes," and Yahweh became a way for them to vent their grievances and to be punished. He became an "idol" for them to vent their anger and abuse at will. (4) This is the "bad nature" of the Jews, so please get rid of it and return to the civilised world. (5) The man "Abram" is the typical "antagonist" that Yahweh left in Genesis, an "ignorant clown", in order to show us his The purpose of this is to let us see his "ignorant and ugly performance" and to warn us not to follow the same path as Abram, and not to perform the same farce that Abram did.
Li Huaizhu Published on 24 Aug 2017 17:45 25 10:55am Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 ()Read the original article