Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 14 The Jewish priests were demons
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

[Note: (1) Genesis is the first book of the Old Testament of the Bible, and one should not think that Genesis is a Jewish classic. The book of Genesis is a "heavenly book" that predates Judaism, and was only used by the Jewish priests as a "Jewish classic". Genesis is not a Jewish classic, as we all remember. (2) Because few people could read and write in ancient times, a few literate Jews misinterpreted, blasphemed and kidnapped the Book of Genesis, making it a tool for them to "create sins through God, to confuse people and to harm their lives", and after the Book of Genesis, they invented a huge number of demonic heresies, pretending to be classics with continuity to the Book of Genesis. This is how "Judaism" came into being. (3) Is it true that Judaism blasphemes and misinterprets the Book of Genesis? Once we know the meaning of the book of Genesis and look at the teachings of Judaism in the "Old Testament" after Genesis, it will become clear to you. The teachings of the "Old Testament" are the opposite of the teachings of God in Genesis.
(4) After becoming the Christ, Jesus understood Genesis and found that Judaism was a devilish group that had misinterpreted Genesis and kidnapped Jehovah to promote Satan's teachings, so he launched an attack on the Jewish group, which Jesus called "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". Jesus used the fact that he had been "crucified" by Judaism to prove that Judaism was a demonic group that harmed people. (5) During Constantine the Great (272-337) Christianity became the state religion of Rome, and Jesus' Christian system gave birth to the monstrosity of "Catholicism" under the imperial power, and from then on, no matter which sect of Christianity (including branches of Orthodoxy and Orthodoxy, etc.), the Christian "Christians" Christians" have lost the words and deeds of Jesus and are anesthetizing themselves with "singing hymns and prayers and doing charity", words and deeds that Jesus did not do. The Ark of Jesus has completed its mission and has been replaced by the Ark of the Devil under the guise of Christianity.

Genesis 14: Four Kings and Five Kings at War (14:1-12)
14:1 And when Helaphim was king of Shinar, and Arioch was king of Eleazar, and Kedaroth was king of Edom, and Teodar was king of Goi'ah.
14:2 They all attacked Bilhah king of Sodom, and Belshah king of Gomorrah, and Shenah king of Bethel, and Sanhedrin king of Zebedee, and king Bilhah; and Bilhah was Zoar.
14:3 All these five kings met together in the valley of Sidon, which is the Salt Sea.
14:4 And they had served Kedar Mahomet twelve years, and betrayed him in the thirteenth year.
14:5 And in the fourteenth year, all the kings of Kedar al-mah and the kings of the confederacy came and defeated the Rephaim at Atrekhanim, and the Susites at Hamah, and the Emethites at Shavuqeletim.
14:6 and defeated the Horites at Mount Seir, where the Horites were, as far as Ilebalam, which was near the wilderness.
14:7 And they returned to Ammippah, which is Kadesh, and slew all the land of Amalek, and the Amorites, who lived in Hazarath-tahmah.
14:8 Then the king of Sodom, the king of Gomorrah, the king of Bethel, the king of Zeban, and the king of Beulah (Beulah is Zoar) came out, and set themselves in battle against them in the valley of Siddim.
14:9 that is, they fought against Kedar-ohmah king of Idaeus, against Tidhar king of Goiim, against Helaphim king of Shinar, and against Arioch king of Eleazar, four kings against five kings.
14:10 And there were many pits of stone and paint in the valley of Siddim. The kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and some of them fell into the pits, and the rest fled to the mountains.
14:11 So the four kings took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all the grain, and plundered them.
14:12 And they took Lot, Abram's nephew, and Lot's possessions captive. Lot was living in Sodom at the time.
[Note: (1) Just as "twilight and morning" are the meeting of day and night, so "war" is a constant theme with mankind. Because many people do not value their rare human life, cannot overcome their own selfish desires, violate the rules of the Lord and do not repent, thinking that they are right, such a criminal should be killed by war and die in war. Or he could have died in a car accident, disease, etc., in times of peace. (2) In Genesis 4, "Adam and Eve" gave birth to two brothers, "Cain and Abel", and "Abel" disobeyed Yahweh's command "to eat Abel" was supposed to be killed by his brother "Cain" after he broke Yahweh's rule "to eat crops and fruits and vegetables" (no meat). "Cain" received a special commendation from the Lord as the first righteous man].

Genesis 14: The rescue of Lot for Abram (14:13-16)
14:13 And one of the men who had escaped told Abram the Hebrew that Abram was living at the oak of Mantri the Amorite. Mantle and Ishmael and Anai were all brothers and had been in league with Abram.
14:14 When Abram heard that his nephew (note: "brother" in the original) had been taken captive, he took three hundred and eighteen of the best and strongest men he had raised in his house and pursued them to Dan.
14:15 Then by night he himself, with a detachment of his servants, defeated the enemy, and pursued them to Hodor, on the left of Damascus.
16. "14:16 And took back all the goods that had been taken captive, even his nephew Lot and his goods, and the women and the people": (1) The fact that Abram desperately tried to bring back his nephew Lot, regardless of the conflict he once had with himself over the pasture, shows that Abram was a kind and loving elder. (2) Abram was not only an industrialist, but also a general who could win battles.

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 14 Melchizedek's sacking of Abram (14:17-24)
17. "14:17 When Abram came back from defeating Kedar al-Ma'am and the kings who were allied with him, the king of Sodom came out and met him in the valley of Shaveh; the valley of Shaveh is the valley of kings": (1) "The king of Sodom" met Abram in the valley of Shaveh because Abram had (1) "The king of Sodom" met Abram in the Valley of Shavuot because Abram had won the battle and avenged him. (2) The "king of Sodom" did not say anything because he did not know what kind of man Abram was.

18. "14:18 And Melchizedek king of Salem came out to meet him with bread and wine; he was a priest of the Most High God": (1) The name Yelushalaim of Jerusalem can be understood as a compound of yelusha (inheritance) and shalom (peace). Jebus and Salem (meaning "peace"). The word "Jeru" means "foundation" or "city" and "Salem" means "peace", hence the name of Jerusalem as the "city of peace". (2) "Melchizedek came out to meet Abram with bread and wine," indicating that Melchizedek was the devil of "Satan's time" who drank and ate meat. (3) "He is a priest of the Most High God", indicating that he was a devil who kidnapped Jehovah for the purpose of sinning through God, demagoguing people and deceiving them. (4) This is the first occurrence of the word "priest", which indicates that there was already a regular and organised sacrificial ritual in the society of that time. This means that after Noah's Ark, the devil officially began to harm people in the name of Yahweh, and that "Judaism, with its ritual sacrifice worship," was born. (5) Remember: "Yahweh's indoctrination and Satan's indoctrination" are like "day and night", they are not "mutually exclusive", they are opposites, and they will be "together forever". It is a unity of opposites that will "go together forever".
(6) The book of 2 Enoch contains several points about Melchizedek: (7) "A Melchizedek was born to Noel, the brother of Noah, the tenth grandson of Adam, in the old age of Suffragette, the wife of Noel": Remember! This is what the devil said. (8) "B Melchizedek was born on a dead man's bed that no one knew about (all of which the archangel Gabriel knew well) when Noah and his brother Neil went to arrange the tomb after their mother's death": Remember, everyone! This is a lie of the devil. (9) "C Noah and his brother Ner were greatly surprised when they returned from the tomb, for the child was born, and because it would sit on the side of the dead, it was already dressed and well developed and could speak. Noah and Ner were frightened out of their wits, for the child was physically developed. And he spoke and praised the Lord. 2 Enoch 71:18": This is the devil slandering and abusing Noah under the guise of Melchizedek. (10) "D was received into heaven by the archangel Gabriel 40 days after his birth to avoid the great flood II Enoch 71:27-28": Remember, such lies are only told by the devil, who is a despicable, shameless and boundless nonsense.
(11) Why does 2 Enoch (the Ethiopian Book of Revelation of Enoch) exaggerate the wonders of Melchizedek? Because "he is a priest of the Most High God", because "he is a priest of Judaism", and because he is the devil's spokesman. To elevate the status of Melchizedek is to elevate the status of Judaism, and to prove that Jehovah is a puppet and an instrument of Jewish kidnapping to "do evil through God". (12) Melchizedek, "who is a priest of the Most High God", is a priest of Judaism, the "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" whom Jesus rebuked, and the "Satan of a while" whom Christians should have abused. (13) 1 Enoch (13) The books of 1 and 2 Enoch are Jewish books written by the devil and are demonic heresies used to discredit Yahweh's edification.

19. "14:19 And he blessed Abram, saying, Blessed be the Lord of heaven and earth, the most high God, with Abram": (1) "He blessed Abram" because he saw that Abram was not only an industrialist, but also a general who could win battles. To "bless Abram" is to "flatter" Abram while giving him "ecstasy". This is the devil's cunning and trickery. (2) The devil has always "blessed" only the successful, not the poor, and what they see is not character but "fame and fortune". "This is the most despicable and shameless aspect of the devil. (3) "May the Lord God of heaven and earth, the Most High, bless Abram", remember that such a tone is often used by the devil; it is not only an "ecstasy", but also an "enchantment". This is not only an "enchantment", but also a "trap", which will immediately give you pleasure, and you will be "drugged and led to the devil's cave", and then you will offer your own possessions as a "reward" for his praise. This is the "psychology of the devil, the psychology of Satan", which shows that Satan is "a master psychologist, linguist and man of letters".
(4) Genesis 4: "Abel" offered "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" as an offering to the Lord, and was killed by his brother "Cain", because the Lord is To take the flesh of an animal and offer it to the LORD was to slander and insult the LORD, who is "born alive, does not eat, and does not eat meat". "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him": this is the "blessing" that the LORD of Hosts gave to "Cain", a righteous man. Do we all understand? It is only by becoming a righteous man like Cain that you can receive the blessings of the LORD. (5) The LORD wants more righteous people to come forth to make heaven on earth. He wants more righteous people to eradicate the devil who is "greedy for food, money and fame in the name of the LORD" and to create heaven on earth. (6) The "blessing" of the LORD is not just a word from the devil, but the LORD will "bless" people according to the devil's wishes. (7) You have listened to the devil's lies of the "Jewish priests" and you have sacrificed the flesh of animals to Yahweh, who "gives life, does not eat, and does not eat meat", in a vain attempt to bribe the "life-giver, who does not eat, and does not eat meat, and who makes people vegetarian". Do you think you can get the "blessing" of the LORD who "gives life to all creatures, eats no food, much less meat, and makes people vegetarian"? I tell you: you will not receive the LORD's "blessing"! You have broken the LORD's rules and the LORD should have sent Cain to kill you to avenge the animals and as punishment for your insult to the LORD. Even if Cain is not allowed to kill you, you will not be spared, your life will be reduced by months or years, and your soul (magog, retribution) will be imprisoned in hell, and you will become a "living torture" patient. (8) When you die and go to hell, the animals you have eaten will pay you back "one for ten". That is, if you ate one mouthful of flesh during your life, when you die and go to hell, you will be punished by the animal eating ten mouthfuls of your human flesh. (9) In order to avoid punishment, you must "abstain from eating flesh" during your lifetime, and become a righteous person who has done righteous deeds as redemption for your past mistakes. (10) The rest, "lying, stealing, adultery, drinking, smoking", etc., will be punished severely for breaking the LORD's rules.

20. "14:20 Blessed is the God of the highest who has delivered his enemies into your hand. And Abram gave Melchizedek a tenth of what he had received": (1) You stand still and the enemy comes to you to do your bidding, and that is "God most high has put the enemy in your hand". You know the outcome beforehand, and you can let the enemy come to you and be defeated without any effort. (2) When two armies meet, and you do not use a strategy, and the enemy is defeated without a fight, that is when "the Most High God has put the enemy in your hands". If the enemy is not "defeated without a fight" but is defeated because he cannot defeat you, then it is not "the Most High God has delivered the enemy into your hand". (3) "And Abram took three hundred and eighteen of the best and strongest men of his household, and pursued them to Dan. In the night, with his servants, he defeated the enemy and pursued them to Hodor on the left of Damascus". (4) The Lord told the four kings: "Send back Lot, Abram's nephew, his possessions, his women and his people. The "four kings" listened to the LORD and did so, and this is how "the Most High God has delivered the enemy into your hand". If the "four kings" did not take the initiative to return Lot, Abram's nephew, his possessions and the women and people, then there is no "God most high has delivered the enemy into your hand".
(5) "The most high God has delivered the enemy into your hand" is the devil's "drug and chains". By lifting up the words "God in the highest", the devil has created the great, overwhelming "idol" of "Jehovah"; the purpose is to use the word The purpose is to use the "idol" of "Jehovah" to deny your personal subjective efforts and to describe your "personal efforts" as "objectively abnormal". "The purpose is to subvert your wisdom in a haze of "divine authority", so that you no longer have confidence, and to make you believe that "it is Yahweh who has given you victory, not your own efforts", so that you will attribute your efforts to In this way you attribute your efforts to "Yahweh" and you, the "victor", become a slave defeated by the "idol of Yahweh". (6) It is not your subjective efforts that have won the battle, but rather "objective abnormalities", and it is not your subjective efforts that are "to be praised", but rather "the LORD has delivered the enemy into your hands". It is not your subjective efforts that are "to be praised", but "the LORD has delivered the enemy into your hand", which means that all the efforts made to win are worthless and that the victory is not yours, but Yahweh's; this is a reversal of the correct "outlook on life and values". This is what Satan does all the time. He distorts and inverts the correct "outlook on life and values" and makes people accept them.
(7) "And Abram gave a tenth of what he had received to Melchizedek", which means that "Abram" listened to the lies of "Melchizedek" and that "Abram lost to Melchizedek, which means that the real victor was not Abram but Melchizedek The real victor was not "Abram" but "Melchizedek", because "Melchizedek" raised the words "God in the highest" and created the huge, overwhelming "idol" of "Jehovah". "In the face of this great and overwhelming "idol" of "Jehovah", "Abram "Abram" was overwhelmed. (8) Although Abram overcame the four kings and returned home victorious, he lost to Melchizedek, the king of Salem, who greeted him. This is the dramatic tragedy of "Abram". (9) It was because Melchizedek, King of Salem, for the first time raised the words "God in the highest" and created the great and overwhelming "idol" of "Jehovah", that the mere "idol" of "Jehovah" was created. "The mere words, "Blessed be the Lord God of hosts, who has delivered his enemies into your hands," caused "Abram to give a tenth of what he had received to Melchizedek," and all the demons (the Jewish priests) to be killed. All the demons (Jewish priests) saw this "trick" and have been performing it endlessly from ancient times to the present day, a "trick" that has enabled the demons to defeat almost all the "victors". This "trick" has enabled the devil to defeat almost all the "victors" (including kings). (10) This shows that the "victors" are all deficient in religious training, and that the "victors" must carefully consider the words and actions of religious people before making a judgement.

21. "14:21 And the king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the people, and take the goods for yourself!" (1) The "king of Sodom" was one of the "five kings" who had been defeated by the "four kings", and he was afraid that "Abram" He was afraid that "Abram" would become the "king of the people of Sodom", so he dared to ask Abram directly, "Give me the population"? Why was he not afraid of Abram, who had defeated the "four kings"? (2) Explain that the "king of Sodom" had heard about the incident in which "Abram gave a tenth of what he had received to Melchizedek", showing that the "king of Sodom" knew that "Abram had no great wisdom, no ambition, no kingly spirit to "unite the world" and establish a nation.

22. "14:22 And Abram said to the king of Sodom, "I have sworn to the Lord, the God of heaven and earth, the most high": (1) This means that Melchizedek, the king of Salem, had defeated the "four kings" who had defeated him. (1) It shows that "Melchizedek, king of Salem" defeated "Abram" who had defeated the "four kings". (2) It shows that "Abram" was overwhelmed by the huge "idol" of "Jehovah" made by the words "God in the highest". "(3) The tragedy of "Abram" had begun.

23. "14:23 I will not take anything that is yours, not a thread or a shoelace, lest you say, "I have made Abram rich": (1) "I will not take anything that is yours, not a thread or a shoelace", which shows that Abram had no desire to own property. desire to have possessions, and that he gave freely to others what he had worked hard to get, shows that he could not manage his money. (2) "Lest you say, I have made Abram rich" shows that Abram was severely mentally handicapped, as well as being narrow-minded, suspicious and paranoid. For Abram had not taken it from the "kings of Sodom", but from the "four kings", and rightly deserved to have what the "four kings" had taken from him. "the population and possessions of the kings of Sodom".

24. "14:24 Only what the servants ate, and what was due to Anai, Ishmael, and Mantri, who were with me, they were free to take": (1) It shows that Abram was not a king, he was inferior to the "five kings" who were defeated by the "four kings". He was inferior to any of the "five kings" who were defeated by the "four kings". This shows that he was surprised by his victory and was not confident that he had achieved a great victory. (2) It shows that Abram not only did not have the ambition to unite the territories of the "nine kings", but also did not have the ambition to become "one king", nor was he qualified to be the "father" of a nation, let alone "the father of many nations". He was not qualified to be the "father" of a nation, let alone the "father of many nations".
(1) "The most high God has given the enemy into your hand" is a "counter-quote, a test question" from the LORD, because it is not true. The purpose of the phrase is to see how you view it, to see how much wisdom you have. As a result, no one dared to deny it, because they all had the "idol" of Jehovah in their hearts, which was so high and mighty. None of them dared to overrule the "wrong words" of the LORD, nor could they see that they were "counter-words or questions" of the LORD, because they all had the overwhelming "idol" of the "LORD" in their hearts. "(2) The phrase is used frequently. (2) The frequency with which this phrase appears in any corner of the Old Testament indicates that the devilish group was hyping this phrase in order to highlight the omnipotence of Yahweh and thus to achieve the effect of capturing the hearts of the people so that the Jewish priests could demagogue them under the guise of Yahweh.
(3) The man "Abram" is the typical "antagonist" that Yahweh leaves in Genesis, an "ignorant buffoon", in order to show us his The purpose of this is to warn us against his "ignorant and ugly performance" and to warn us not to follow the same path as Abram and not to perform the same farce that Abram did. (4) Through the man "Abram", the Lord tells us that the older a person is, the more "old and foolish" he is, and that we should not be superstitious about older people. You will be misled by the "old fool" if you have the pedantic idea of "valuing the old and despising the new, respecting the old and despising the strong"].

Posted by Li Huaiju on 21 Aug 2017 19:45 23 11:30am Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei


 ()



