Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 23 Burying Sarah
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 23 Buying a burial ground for Sarah (23:1-16)
23:1 And Sarah lived a hundred and twenty-seven years, the number of years of Sarah's life.
2. "23:2 And Sarah died in Kiriath Arba, which is Hebron, in the land of Canaan, and Abraham mourned and wept over her": (1) Hebron is also known as Kiriath Arba, meaning "the city of the four", Hebron (Arabic: الخليل; Hebrew: חֶב ְרוֹן) is a city in the West Bank, located 30 kilometres south of Jerusalem, with Hebron at an altitude of 930 metres. The city is second only to Jerusalem as a holy city in Judaism. (2) Hebron is one of the oldest cities in the Middle East and one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. It was an ancient Canaanite capital, and Abraham, who came to Hebron, engaged in nomadic herding, probably reflecting the long occupation of the city by the Kenites, a nomadic tribe.

3. "23:3 Then Abraham rose up from before the dead and said to the Hittites": (1) The name Hittites appears in Genesis, and in many subsequent scrolls the name Hittites appears as many as 47 times, which shows that they must have been an important people. (2) "Hep" is not a local name, it is actually the name of an empire. It emerged in Mesopotamia about 2,000 years ago. The strongest period was 1600 - 1200 BC. When the people of Israel entered the land of Canaan, the inhabitants of the land were, to a greater or lesser extent, influenced by the culture of the Hittites. (3) In 1906, under the leadership of the German archaeologist H. Winckler, Boghazkoy unearthed 10,000 cuneiform tablets containing the texts of the covenant between the Egyptian pharaoh Ramesses and the Hittites, and the names of the Hittite emperors from 1400-1200 BC were recorded. From these tablets, we gain a deeper understanding of the culture, language, laws and religion of the Hittite Empire. (4) After the gradual rise of the Assyrian Empire in 1300 BC, the power of the Hittites began to decline, but some of their cities continued to flourish until they were destroyed by Assyria in 717 BC, and the Hittites disappeared from history.

23:4 "I am a stranger and a sojourner among you; give me a piece of land here, I pray you, so that I may bury my dead, that she may not be in my sight."
23:5 The Hittite answered Abraham, saying.
6, "23:6 Listen, my Lord. You are an honoured prince among us; bury your dead only in the best of our graves; none of us will not allow you to bury your dead in his graves." : (1) "Listen, my Lord. You are a great and honoured prince among us", this is a deliberate exaggeration of Abraham's status by the Hittites, describing him as "O my Lord, you are a great and honoured prince among us common people", in order to ask for more of his money so that he would not be willing to bargain for it, showing that the Hittites were good at business. (2) Wherever Abraham buried his dead, it was "the best of our graves" and the most valuable place, because you were "a great prince". (3) Because Abraham was a "great prince", wherever Abraham buried his dead, it was the most valuable place, so "none of us will not allow you to bury your dead in his grave". (4) It was not at all because Abraham was a slave who made "the Lord an idol", but feared Abraham and dared not deny him a burial place.

23:7 Then Abraham rose up and bowed down to the Hittites of the land.
23:8 and said to them, "If you intend that I should bury my dead, so that she may not be in my sight, listen to me and ask for Ephron, the son of Zohar, for me.
9. "23:9 Give me the hole in the field, the mebilla. He may sell it to me for a full price, and make it my burial place among you": (1) "Give me the hole in the head of the field", give me the hole in the head of the field above the mebilla. (2) He may sell it to me at a price which you are satisfied with, as a burial place for me here among you, one of you.

23:10 At that time Ephron the Hittite was sitting in the midst of the Hittites. Then Ephron the Hittite said to Abraham before the Hittites who were going in and out of the gates of the city.
11. "23:11 Otherwise, my lord, listen. I give you this field, even the hole in the middle of it, to give to you before all my people of the same tribe, that you may bury your dead": (1) You shall not be sold only the hole of Mebila above the head of this field, but this field below the hole of Mebila shall also be sold to you, for you shall pass through this field below to get to the hole of Mebila. (2) My God please listen to me. I give you this field, even the hole between the fields, and it will be acknowledged to you in the presence of all my fellow tribesmen, that you may bury your dead.

23:12 Then Abraham bowed down before the people of the land, and
23:13 and said to Ephron before them, "If you answer, hear my words. I will give you the price of the field, and ask you to take it, and I will bury my dead there."
23:14 Ephron answered Abraham, saying.
15, "23:15 Listen, my lord. What is a field worth four hundred shekels of silver among you and me? Only bury your dead!" (1) Abraham was not the owner of "Ephron", but Ephron addressed Abraham as "my lord", which is an "honorific, a self-effacing term of respect for others". (2) "A field of four hundred shekels of silver" was a high price, but even Abraham could afford it, because "you are a great prince among us", and what you value is what is most valuable. .
23:16 And Abraham obeyed Ephron, and gave Ephron four hundred shekels of silver, which was common to buying and selling, according to what he had said before the Hittites.

True Commentary on Genesis 23 Burying Sarah (23:17-20)
23:17 Then the field of Mepherah, and of Mantlemai, and of Ephron, and the hole therein, and the trees round about the field
23:18 which he had purchased before the Hittites, and before the men who went in and out of the gates of the city, were determined to be given to Abraham.
23:19 After that, Abraham buried his wife Sarah in a cave in the field of Mephera, before Mareb, in the land of Canaan. The mantle is Hebron.
20. "23:20 Thenceforth the field and the cave between the fields were given to Abraham for a burial place by the order of the Hittites": (1) Abraham purchased the cave and the field around it and buried his wife Sarah, and then Abraham, Isaac, Rebekah, Jacob and Leah were buried there (only Rachel was buried outside Bethlehem). The city of Bethlehem was called "the city of the Jews". The city is therefore known to the Jews as the "City of the Fathers" and ranks second among the four holy cities of Judaism (the other three being Jerusalem, Tiberias and Zephat). (2) Historically, Christian churches, synagogues and mosques have been built above and around the cave. Isaac's Hall is now the Ibrahim Mosque, while Abraham's Hall and Jacob's Hall are synagogues.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 31 Aug 2017 17:48pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






