Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 41 God saves the Egyptians
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 41 God saves the Egyptians

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto any of the host of the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. The teaching of the Lord, who "makes Christians Christ", is the opposite.

The True Exposition of Genesis 41 Pharaoh's second dream in a row (41:1-8)
41:1 And after two years Pharaoh had a dream: he dreamed that he stood by the river, and
41:2 And there came up from the river seven cows, fine and fat, grazing among the reeds.
41:3 Then seven more cows came up from the river, ugly and dry and thin, and stood by the river with those seven cows.
41:4 And the seven cows, ugly and dry and thin, ate up the seven cows, which were fine and fat. Then Pharaoh woke up.
41:5 And he slept again, and dreamed a second time: and he dreamed that a wheat plant grew seven ears, fat and beautiful.
41:6 and then seven more ears grew, and they were weak and scorched by the east wind.
41:7 And the frail ears swallowed up the seven fat, full ears. Pharaoh woke up, not realising that it was a dream.
8. "41:8 When morning came, Pharaoh was troubled in his heart, and he sent for all the magicians and doctors of Egypt; and Pharaoh told them the dream he had had, but no one could give Pharaoh an explanation." : (1) Not only the interpretation of dreams, but all thinking requires inspiration, without which the mind would be a blank and would neither be able to speak nor write. (2) Because there is Jehovah and Satan, there are two types of inspiration for man, the positive energy of Jehovah and the negative energy of Satan. (3) When Jehovah provides inspiration for man, there will be right and good answers, because Jehovah gives birth to life. When Satan provides inspiration for man, there will also be right answers, though ultimately they will be deceptive, for it is Satan's nature to mutilate life. (4) What Jesus preached in the Book of Revelation is all positive energy, and by doing it one becomes the Christ. The Old Testament portion is all negative energy spoken by Satan, and refuting the Old Testament makes you a Christ like Jesus.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 41: The Wine Government Recommends Joseph (41:9-24)
41:9 Then the government of wine said to Pharaoh, "I remember my sin today.
41:10 Once Pharaoh was angry with his servants, and he put me and the chief of food in a prison in the house of the chief guard.
41:11 We both had a dream in the same night, and each of us had an explanation.
41:12 And there with us was a young man of the Hebrews, a servant of the captain of the guard, and we told him, and he interpreted our dreams, according to the dream of each of us.
41:13 And it came to pass as he had fulfilled the interpretation for us: I was restored to my office; the chief of the board was hung up."
41:14 So Pharaoh sent for Joseph, and they hastened to bring him out of the prison, and he shaved his head, and shaved his face, and changed his clothes, and came in before Pharaoh.
41:15 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "I have had a dream which no one can interpret; I have heard it said that you will be able to interpret it when you hear it."
41:16 And Joseph answered Pharaoh, "It does not concern me; God will answer Pharaoh with words of peace." (1) "40:8 And Joseph said, Is not the interpretation of dreams of God", because Joseph's mysterious pretensions under the guise of God were annoying to the Egyptians who did not believe in Yahweh, and this is why "the ruler of wine did not remember Joseph, but forgot him". Joseph was punished because he was a demagogue in the name of the Lord. The time of punishment was "after two years". (2) After "two years had passed", Joseph, the criminal, still did not change his family's habit of being a "prophet of the LORD", which shows the deep-rootedness of preconceived "knowledge barriers". (3) "It does not concern me, but God will answer Pharaoh with a word of peace" is to portray Jehovah as a servile figure who panders and pleases the king. This is the tone of Joseph speaking on behalf of the LORD, the tone of every "prophet of the LORD", which is the root of the Jewish people. (4) "God will answer Pharaoh with a word of peace" shows that Jehovah is not exclusive to the Jews, but that Jehovah will also come to Egypt to save people.

41:17 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "I dreamed that I was standing by the river
41:18 And seven heifers came up out of the river, fat and fine, and were grazing among the reeds.
41:19 Then seven more heifers came up, weak and ugly and dry and thin, and I have not seen such bad ones in all the land of Egypt.
41:20 And this dry, thin, ugly cow ate up the seven fat cows that were there before her.
41:21 but when she had eaten, she did not see that she had eaten, but her ugly appearance remained the same as before. Then I woke up.
41:22 And I dreamed of a sheaf of wheat, which grew seven ears, full and beautiful.
41:23 and then seven ears grew, withered and weak, and scorched by the east wind.
41:24 And these feeble ears swallowed up the seven beautiful ears. I told this dream to the magicians, but no one could give me an interpretation."

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 41 Joseph interprets Pharaoh's dream (41:25-36)
25, "41:25 And Joseph said to Pharaoh, "Pharaoh's dream is one, and God has shown Pharaoh what to do." (1) The fact that Jehovah "has shown Pharaoh what to do" shows that Jehovah was not only an "idol" for the Jews who worshipped "Jehovah", but also that the Egyptians were "polytheistic worshippers," a "god of the world" and a "god of the world". The Egyptians did not refrain from going to Egypt because they were "polytheists and pagans". (2) It shows that Yahweh has no boundaries between nations and countries, that Yahweh is all mankind, and that Yahweh is not the exclusive property of any nation.

41:26 Seven good heifers are seven years; seven good ears are seven years. This dream is one.
41:27 And the seven dry, thin, ugly heifers that came up after them were seven years; and the seven empty, scorched ears that were scorched by the east wind were also seven years, all seven years of desolation.
28. "41:28 This is what I said to Pharaoh: God has revealed to Pharaoh what is to be done." (1) The Lord "has revealed to Pharaoh what he will do", but in a metaphorical form, which tests the wisdom of man, enlightens him, and is used to discover wise men. (2) It shows that Jehovah did not leave the Egyptian people alone because there were no "prophets of Jehovah" in Egypt, that the Egyptian people were also made by Jehovah, and that the Nile Valley was "one of the four gardens of Eden". (3) The LORD "had revealed to Pharaoh what he was going to do", showing that the LORD did not fail to save Egypt because no one in Egypt "sacrificed to the LORD" and did not "worship the LORD as an idol". "This shows that the Egyptians are also children of the LORD and that the LORD has no national boundaries and is not exclusive to any nation.

41:29 Seven great years of plenty will come to all Egypt.
41:30 Then there will come seven more years of famine, even in the land of Egypt, when the previous harvest has been forgotten, and the whole land will be destroyed by famine.
41:31 For the famine that follows will be so great that the previous harvest will not be felt.
32. "41:32 As for Pharaoh's dreaming twice, it was because God had ordained it, and it would be done quickly." : (1) "Pharaoh dreamed twice because God had ordained this", the LORD told Pharaoh through two dreams about the situation that would arise in Egypt in the future, and told him to prepare in advance for the conditions to survive the famine, indicating that this was a virtuous Pharaoh, a good man approved by the LORD. (2) If this Pharaoh had not been a virtuous man, but a foolish and ignorant ruler, he would not have allowed Yahweh to "ordain this" and Yahweh would not have given him two dreams to tell him. (3) "Pharaoh dreamed twice because God had ordained it", showing that the LORD did not fail to save Egypt from the impending disaster because no one in Egypt "sacrificed to the LORD" or "worshipped the LORD as an idol". This shows that the Egyptians are also children of the LORD, and that the LORD has no national boundaries and is not the exclusive property of any nation.

41:33 Therefore Pharaoh should choose a wise and intelligent man and send him to rule the land of Egypt.
41:34 So Pharaoh shall do, and shall send officers over the land. When the seven years of plenty come, he shall collect a fifth of the land of Egypt
41:35 that they may gather up all the grain of the future years, and store up the grain, and gather it into the cities for food, and bring it to Pharaoh's men.
41:36 And the grain that was gathered up would provide against the seven future years of famine in the land of Egypt, lest the land be destroyed by famine."

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 41 Joseph Becomes the Sovereign of Egypt (41:37-57)
41:37 And Pharaoh and all his ministers were wonderful in this matter.
38. "41:38 And Pharaoh said to his servants, Shall we find a man like this, who has the Spirit of God in him?" (1) "The Spirit of God is in him" is called "spiritual" in Christianity, which is what Jesus called "Gog" in the Book of Revelation, and is the Buddhist term for (1) "The Spirit of God, the Dharma, the Buddha nature", which is the nature of the angels who are "not different from God". (2) The "Spirit of God" is not only in the heart of Joseph, but also in the heart of every human being. All things have the "Spirit of God" because they are made by God. Without the "Spirit of God" there would be no such thing. (3) When a man has no selfishness, when he is upright and good, when he observes human morals and obeys the law, then he has "the Spirit of the LORD in him". (4) If a man is selfish, mean, deceitful, a liar, a murderer, a thief, an adulterer, a drunkard, a drug addict, etc., he has the "spirit of Satan in him".

39. "41:39 And Pharaoh said to Joseph, "As God has instructed you in all these things, I see that there is no one as wise and as intelligent as you." (1) The Lord did not give all these things to Joseph because he was "wise and intelligent", but because he had been "tried" and had not slept with his master's wife, showing that Joseph was a man who kept the Lord's teaching, and therefore he was given the opportunity to become a prime minister. (2) If Joseph had not gone through the "trial", he would not have slept with his master's wife. (2) If Joseph had not gone through the "trial" and had slept with his master's wife, it would have meant that Joseph was a man of Satan's teachings and he would have been denied the opportunity to become a prime minister. (3) "Reward good and punish evil" is the law of the Lord.

41:40 You may rule over my house, and all my people will obey you, but I am greater than you on the throne."
41:41 Then Pharaoh said to Joseph, "I have sent you to rule over all the land of Egypt."
41:42 Then Pharaoh took off the ring that was printed on his hand and put it on Joseph's hand, dressed him in fine linen, and put a gold chain around his neck.
41:43 And he told Joseph to sit in his chariot, and the drinker of the Word called before him, saying, "Kneel down!" Thus Pharaoh sent him to rule over all the land of Egypt.
44, "41:44 And Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and no man shall do anything in all the land of Egypt without your command." (1) Joseph's present situation was not because his father and grandfather worshipped Jehovah as an "idol" or because "Israel" had "blessed" him, but because "It was because Joseph had been "tried" and made truly "righteous" that he had earned the blessing of the Lord. (2) If Joseph had not been "tried" and had not been truly "righteous", he would not be in the situation he is in today.

45. "41:45 And Pharaoh gave Joseph a name, and called him Zephaniah, and gave him Asenath, the daughter of Potiphira, the priest of An, to be his wife. And Joseph went out to tour the land of Egypt." (1) Zaphbath-Paaneah, meaning "leader of the sacred community". (2) "Zaphnath-Paaneah", meaning "indefinite". (3) "Sapphanatepanea", meaning: the deliverer of the world, the provider of life, or the revealer of secrets. (4) "Zephanathophaniah", the Lord of the earth. (5) The Egyptian word "Zephanathabanea" means "provider of life", naming him as the bundler of the harvest; the Hebrew word means "revelator of the mysteries". (6) "Sapphanathophanea" means "Saviour of the world". (7) The name given to Joseph by Pharaoh was always recognised as an Egyptian name, but its meaning is not clear. It was later found in an inscription from the Bubastid period (ninth century BC), written in Egyptian, Djed-pa-netjer-iuf-ankh, which means "God said he might live". (8) "An City" is the city of the temple of the sun. It was on the east bank of the Nile, just a few kilometres from Memphis. The Greeks later called it "Heliopolis", the "City of the Sun", and it was the centre of Egyptian sun worship. The temple of the sun and its priests had a powerful influence on Egyptian religious life for centuries, until the worship of the god Amun at Thebes, which began in the fifteenth century B.C., and later the god Amun-Re, overtook the sun-worshipping religion of Hieropolis. (9) These previous explanations are all Jewish web sources.
(10) This shows that Egypt did not reject Joseph as a "pagan" because of its belief in a "sun god" and did not regard Joseph's "Jehovah" as "This shows that the Egyptians had a fraternal and "meritocratic" mindset, which the Jews did not have. (11) "And he gave him Asenath, the daughter of Potiphira, the priest of An, to be his wife", in order to show Joseph, a Jew who slandered other sects, that the Egyptians did not reject the vices and ugliness of the "heathen", and to show Joseph that the Egyptians did not worship Yahweh as an "idol", although they did not worship him as an "idol". He showed that Yahweh was not exclusive to the Jews, but to all mankind.

41:46 Joseph was thirty years old when he met Pharaoh, the king of Egypt. He went out from Pharaoh's presence and travelled throughout the land of Egypt.
41:47 In seven years of plenty, the land yielded abundantly.
41:48 And Joseph gathered all the grain of the land of Egypt in the seven years of plenty, and laid it up in the cities; and all the grain of the fields around the cities was laid up in the cities.
41:49 And Joseph gathered up as much grain as the sand of the seashore, which cannot be counted, for the grain cannot be numbered.
41:50 Before the year of famine came. Asenath, the daughter of Potiphera, the priest of the city of An, gave Joseph two sons.
51. "41:51 And Joseph called the name of his firstborn Manasseh (note: meaning "to make forget"), for he said, "God has made me forget all my troubles and my father's house." (1) Do not be afraid to refute Joseph's nonsense just because he became the prime minister of Egypt, but if he became the Pharaoh of Egypt, as long as what he said was wrong, refute him justly. (2) "God has made me forget all my troubles and my Father's house" is the nonsense of the "prophet of the Lord". This is a "test" of the Lord, for God has not made you forget all your troubles and your father's family, but you yourself have forgotten all your troubles and your father's family because you have a happy little family. (3) It is clearly you who have forgotten all your misery and your father's family because you have a happy little family, but you say, "God has made me forget all my misery and my father's family", which shows that you are a slave who worships "Jehovah", the "idol". idol". (4) You have earned all this because you have not cheated, you have not done anything wrong, you have earned it with your conscience, not because the LORD has given it to you, but at most because the "teaching of the LORD" has given you what you deserve. (5) It is the opposite of "Yahweh's correction", "Satan's correction", that makes even a liar like Jacob rich. As it turns out, "Satan's indoctrination" (lying, cheating and taking by force) can also make people "forget all their troubles and my Father's house".

52. "41:52 And he named his second son Ephraim (note: which means "to make prosperous"), because he said, "God has made me prosper in the place of my affliction." : (1) God cannot make all men prosper in the place of suffering, for most surrender in the midst of suffering, do whatever is necessary to achieve their ends, do wrong, and lose their most precious character. (2) Only a very small number of people who do not compromise in their suffering, who persist in not doing anything wrong and who do not sell their integrity, will "prosper in the place of suffering".

41:53 Once the seven years of plenty in the land of Egypt were completed
41:54 Seven years of famine came, as Joseph had said, and there was famine everywhere; but there was food in all the land of Egypt.
41:55 And when there was a famine in all the land of Egypt, the people pleaded with Pharaoh for food, and Pharaoh said to them, "Go to Joseph, and do all that he has said."
41:56 And it came to pass, when there was a famine in all the land, that Joseph opened all the barns of the land, and bought grain for the Egyptians; and the famine was great in the land of Egypt.
41:57 And all the people of the land went to Egypt to buy bread from Joseph, for the famine was great in all the land.
[Chapter 41: (1) Greetings, Jews! Leave the "Garden of Eden of Adam and Eve", forget Judaism, and do not think of yourselves as "God's chosen people", but integrate into a foreign civilization, and invent with your own wisdom, so that you may become men like Joseph. (2) The fact that Jehovah gave a dream to the Pharaoh of Egypt shows that Jehovah has no national boundaries, and that Jehovah is not exclusive to any nationality, nor does he care about anyone because they do not worship him, for Jehovah is the mother of the universe and belongs to all mankind.

Li Huaizhu Posted on 11 Sep 2017 11:11am 19:45 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






