Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 7 Samuel becomes the demon king of Judaism
(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Part of the original text: The "Jehovah" of "Samuel" is actually a "tiger, leopard and wolf" type of demon
7:1 Then the Gileadites came down and took up the ark of the covenant of the LORD and put it in the house of Abinadab on the mountain, and assigned Eleazar his son to guard the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
7:2 The ark of the covenant was in Kirjath-jearim for a long time. After twenty years, the whole house of Israel inclined to the LORD.
7:3 Samuel said to all the house of Israel, "If you turn your hearts to the LORD, then put away the foreign gods and Ashtaroth from among you, and turn your hearts to the LORD and serve him alone. He will deliver you from the hand of the Philistines."
7:4 Then the Israelites put away the Baals and Ashtaroth and served the LORD alone.
7:5 Samuel said, "Let all Israel be gathered together at Mizpah, so that I may pray for you to the LORD."
7:6 So they gathered at Mizpah and poured water on the LORD, and fasted that day, saying, "We have sinned against the LORD." So Samuel judged the Israelites at Mizpah.
7:7 When the Philistines heard that the Israelites were gathered at Mizpah, the chief of the Philistines came up to attack the Israelites. When the Israelites heard it, they feared the Philistines.
7:8 The Israelites said to Samuel, "May you not stop crying out for us to the LORD our God to deliver us from the hand of the Philistines."
7:9 So Samuel offered a milk lamb as a whole burnt offering to the LORD, and cried out to the LORD for the Israelites. And the LORD answered him.
7:10 While Samuel was offering the burnt offering, the Philistines came to make war against the Israelites. On that day the LORD made a great thundering noise and disturbed the Philistines, and they were defeated before the Israelites.
7:11 The Israelites came out of Mizpah and pursued the Philistines and struck them down as far as the lower part of Pekah.
7:12 And Samuel set a stone in the midst of Mizpah and Good, and called the name of the stone Esher, saying, "To this day the LORD has helped us."
7:13 From then on, the Philistines were restrained from entering the territory of the Israelites. And the hand of the LORD attacked the Philistines when Samuel was the seraphim.
7:14 And all the cities which the Philistines had taken from the Israelites, from Eglon to Gath, were given to the Israelites. The Israelites also took back from the Philistines the four territories that belonged to these cities. At that time the Israelites were reconciled to the Amorites.
7:15 Samuel was Israel's teacher all his life.
7:16 He went on his annual tour to Bethel, Gilead and Mizpah, and judged the Israelites in those places.
7:17 Then he returned to Ramah, for his house was there; and there he judged Israel, and built an altar to the LORD.

Expository section.
The "ark of the covenant of the LORD": (1) is a specially marked "object", a mere "idol", the opposite of the invisible, omnipresent LORD It is a "toy", a "tool" of the devil's priests to create mystery and confusion in the guise of Yahweh, a sign that Judaism is a devilish group. (2) The "covenant of Yahweh" is in the Bible, and only by becoming a Christ like Jesus can you prove that you know what the "covenant of Yahweh" is. If you do not have the words and actions of Jesus who called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", you have not become the Christ, which means you do not know what the "covenant of the LORD" is. If you preach the Bible without the words and deeds of Jesus, you are "of Satan's time".
9-25, 7:3 Samuel said to all the house of Israel, "If you turn your hearts to the LORD, you will put away the foreign gods and Ashtaroth from among you, and turn your hearts to the LORD and serve him alone. He will deliver you from the hand of the Philistines." Q. Is this what "Samuel" said? Who said this? Answer: (1) It was "Samuel" who said this, not "Jehovah", which means that "Samuel" is the devil in disguise. (2) Any "dictator" would have said this, but not "Jehovah", who is so unselfish and loving. (3) No god would say this, for "all holiness is of one origin" and it is the mission of the one to teach. Only a demon king would say this. (4) Yahweh is the mother who created the universe, and "the gods of the Gentiles and Ashtaroth" are also children of Yahweh, angels who teach the Gentiles. The fact that neither Judaism nor Christianity has such a perception shows that they are both "selfish, narrow-minded, mean-spirited" and devilishly indoctrinated, not to mention far-sighted.

9-26, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "7:3 Samuel urged the Israelites to get rid of the foreign gods in their midst. Modern invisible idols are harder to detect than false gods of wood and stone, but they are just as dangerous. Everything that has primacy in our lives and controls us has become our idol. Money, achievement, material things, possessions, fame, or anything that replaces God in our lives, becomes an idol", Q. Did "Samuel" say this? Who said this? Answer: (1) This was said by a "priest" like "Samuel" under the guise of God, and it is a Jewish doctrine, and a Jewish doctrine under the guise of Christianity, in order to make people have a "Jehovah" in their eyes. The purpose of this doctrine is to have one "Jehovah" in the eyes of man, to replace all the "idols" with this one "idol" and to make the "one idol of Jehovah" the dictator. And from the perspective of "Jehovah" all our other gods are "unholy", revealing the "selfish, narrow-minded, poisonous and mean-spirited" face of the devil. (2) The dictator (the devil) makes people think only of him, and makes them look at nothing but himself, so that they can enlist the hearts of the people and rule them. (3) Whatever one clings to is an "idol". To cling to "God" (Jehovah), who is an "idol", and to treat it as "not an idol", is to learn to "deceive oneself". This is how people learn to "deceive themselves and others, to take what is not true for what is true, and to take what is false for what is true".

9-27, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "But the LORD is worthy to be served in our worship, and we will not allow anything else to compete with him": (1) Did the Israelites know that this was the devil's "ecstasy"? (1) Did Israel know that this was the devil's "ecstasy"? (2) This is Israel's "cultural revolution", and only his (the dictator's) own words are right. The people of Israel (the Jewish people) cannot see that this is a lie of the devil, because they have been handing it down for over a thousand years. (3) The original goal of "worship and service" was "idols". It is the devil (the dictator) who is "killing people" by "not allowing other things to compete with him". This is the devil teaching people how to "sophistry and self-deception".
9-28, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "If we have "foreign gods" in our hearts, let us ask God to help us to drive them from their thrones, so that the true God may reign in our hearts." (1) This is the devil's word for the devil's minions, the devil's "ecstasy". (2) Only the dictator (the priest's words) are true, the rest are false, so this is the devil's indoctrination, the opposite of the "loving and merciful" God.

9-29, "7:9 Then Samuel offered a milk lamb as a whole burnt offering to the LORD, and cried out to the LORD for the Israelites. And the LORD answered him", Q. Is that so? "Did the LORD like to eat meat? What did he think of the use of meat as a tribute? Answer: (1) Not really. None of the gods eat meat, nor do they eat anything, because the gods are all gaseous, like radio signals, a vacuum of energy. (2) "Flesh for tribute" is a demon possessed by the devil to demagogue people; it shows that "Samuel" is the spokesman of the tigers, the leopards and the wolves, because "a lamb that eats milk" is "It shows that the "Jehovah" of Samuel is in fact a demon of the type of the "tigers, leopards and wolves". The "Jehovah" of "Samuel" is in fact the "tiger, the leopard and the wolf". It shows that "Samuel" is in fact a puppet of the "tigers, leopards and wolves" type of demons, but under the guise of "Jehovah". (3) The name "Jehovah" is once again kidnapped by the devil. It is man (the dictator) who takes his own preferences and imposes them on God, portraying him as a dictator who is "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel, vicious and brutal".

9-30, "7:10 While Samuel was offering the burnt offering, the Philistines came to fight against the Israelites. The LORD thundered loudly and disturbed the Philistines, and they were defeated before the Israelites": (1) This was not the case at all. (2) This is the demonic heresy of the "priests" kidnapping "Jehovah", and there are many such demonic heresies to deify "Jehovah" and put the fear of "Jehovah" into people. The purpose is to deify "Jehovah" and to make people fear "Jehovah" in order to have authority over the "priests". (3) If "a milking lamb was offered to the LORD as a burnt offering of the whole animal" to make the powerful enemy "defeated before the Israelites", there would have been no slaughter of the Jews several times in history, a lie that only a brain-dead psychopath would believe. (4) For those of you who read the Bible and believe such lies and are afraid to expose them, you have fallen into the servitude of the devil. If you dare to expose this series of lies, you are "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire".
9-31. "7:12 And Samuel set a stone in the midst of Mizpah and Good, and called the name of the stone Esher". Answer: Yes.

7:14, "And all the cities of Israel which the Philistines had taken, from Eglon to Gath, were given to the Israelites. And the four territories that belonged to these cities the Israelites also took from the Philistines. At that time the Israelites were reconciled to the Amorites.7:15 Samuel was Israel's teacher all his life." (1) This is all to show that "Samuel", through the divine authority of "Yahweh", contributed greatly to Israel's victories and recoveries, and thus became the "pope of the church and state" of Israel. (2) All such texts are the result of the fact that the Israelites were the "Pope of the Church". (2) Such a text is a lie of the "priests", for the proof that such a fact does not exist is to be found later. "Israel was a colony and a vassal state of the Philistines, and "Samuel" was in fact a traitor to Israel who was a scourge to the nation: 13:19 At that time there was not a blacksmith in all Israel, because the Philistines said, "Lest the Hebrews make swords and spears." 13:20 When the Israelites wanted to sharpen hoes, plowshares, axes, and spades, they went down to the Philistines to sharpen them.13:21 But there were files to file spades, plowshares, three-tined forks, axes, and cattle-driving cones.13:22 So in the day of battle no one who followed Saul and Jonathan had a sword or a gun in his hand, but Saul and his son Jonathan did. (3) Do you see? If it is true that Israel under "Samuel" was "all the cities of Israel that the Philistines had taken from the Israelites, from Eglon to Gath, were given to the Israelites. The Israelites also recovered from the Philistines the four territories that belonged to these cities", Israel would have been a military power. But, "13:19 At that time there was not a blacksmith in all the land of Israel, for the Philistines said, "Lest the Hebrews make swords and spears." 13:20 When the Israelites wanted to sharpen hoes, plows, axes, and shovels, they went down to the Philistines to do so." These facts show that Israel was defeated by the "Philistines" and defeated badly, showing that Israel was a colony and vassal state of the "Philistines". (4) Why was Israel in such a state? Because priests like "Samuel" had become the "pope of the church" of Israel. The "priests" who did not have the ability to be kings led Israel, and so subjected Israel to the bullying of foreign enemies.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited 2 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





