Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 50 Malevolence is in Jacob's DNA
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a God of evil. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) The "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.

Genesis 50 Malevolence is in the DNA of Israel (50:1-21)
50:1 Joseph fell on his father's face and wept, and kissed him on the mouth.
50:2 And Joseph commanded the physician who served him to perfume his father with spices, and the physician perfumed Israel with spices.
3. "50:3 The usual rule for the fumigation of a corpse was forty days; and when those forty days were completed, the Egyptians wept over him for seventy days." (1) "It was the custom to smother the corpse for forty days", which was the Egyptian practice, indicating that Egypt was the true civilized society, that the "Garden of Eden" was not one, that the "Garden of Eden" at the Nile It shows that the "Garden of Eden" of the Nile was earlier and better than the "Garden of Adam and Eve". Jacob's father and grandfather did not do this because they had been in the primitive state of a "nomadic tribe" and because their community worshipped "Jehovah" as an "idol" and did not know the truth. (2) "The Egyptians had a great deal of faith in him. (2) "And the Egyptians wept for him for seventy days", does anyone dare to deny that this is impossible? Anyone who believes in the truth does so because he does not know the teachings of Judaism or the beliefs of the Egyptians. Those who know the teachings of Judaism and the beliefs of the Egyptians will know that Joseph would not have done this. Judaism teaches that there is only one true God and that is "God, Jehovah" and that all gods other than "Jehovah" are "unholy idols". The Egyptians did not believe in Jehovah, but in the sun god. The Egyptians were "pagans" who worshipped "idols" to the Israelites, and the sun god was certainly an "unholy idol". (3) If "the Egyptians wept over him for seventy days", this was not a sign of respect for Israel, but rather a defilement of holy Israel by "unholy pagans". If you look at the relationship between Israel and Egypt today, you will see that "the Egyptians mourned for him for seventy days" is not justified. (4) "The Egyptians wept for him for seventy days" means that the Israelites in Egypt wept for him for seventy days.

50:4 When the days of mourning for him were over, Joseph said to the men in Pharaoh's house, "If I have found favour in your sight, report to Pharaoh, saying.
50:5 'My father told me to swear when he was about to die that you would bury me in the land of Canaan, in the tomb that I have dug for myself. Now let me go up and bury my father, and afterwards I will return.'"
50:6 Pharaoh said, "You may go up and bury your father, according to the oath he told you to take."
7. "50:7 So Joseph went up to bury his father. With him went Pharaoh's servants and the elders of Pharaoh's house and the elders of the kingdom of Egypt," (1) which shows that Egypt, which believed in the sun god, was "inclusive" and that the Egyptians did not stigmatize or reject "pagans". This shows that the Egyptians did not stigmatize or reject the "pagans" and that the genes of the "Garden of Eden" in Egypt were excellent. (2) This is also because Joseph was not a "prophet of the Lord", but a relatively ordinary Israelite, who, in addition to his merit with Egypt, was a respected vizier of the Egyptians, not a "prophet of the Lord" to Israel.

50:8 And the whole house of Joseph, and his brothers, and his father's household; but their women and their children, and their flocks and their herds of cattle, remained in the land of Goshen.
50:9 And there were vehicles and horsemen, and they went up with him; and the band was very large.
50:10 And when they came to the harvest field of Adar, beyond the Jordan, there they wept greatly. Joseph wept for his father for seven days.
11. "50:11 When the inhabitants of Canaan saw the weeping in the harvest field of Adar, they said, "This is a great weeping of the Egyptians. Therefore the name of the place was Abel Messi, which is east of the Jordan." (1) There were very few Israelites in those days, for they had no ambition and were intoxicated by the "nomadic tribes" and the faith of Yahweh, and from Abraham to Israel, the opportunity to establish a multi-ethnic nation was lost several times, so the inhabitants of Canaan regarded the Israelites as "a great weeping of the Egyptians The inhabitants of Canaan regarded the Israelites as "a great weeping of the Egyptians". (2) "This is a great weeping of the Egyptians" also indicates that the Jewish "faith in Yahweh" was not the mainstream, but a very small minority group.

50:12 So Jacob's sons did what his father had commanded them to do.
50:13 They moved him to the land of Canaan and buried him in a cave in the field of Maberah, in front of the mantle. The cave and the field had been bought by Abraham from Ephron the Hittite for an estate and for a burial place.
50:14 And when Joseph had buried his father, he went back to Egypt, with all his brothers, and with all those who had gone up with him to bury his father.
15. "50:15 When Joseph's brothers saw that his father was dead, they said, "Perhaps Joseph hated us, and took full revenge on us for all the evil we did to him." (1) This is the manifestation of the evil genes of the Israelites, this is the manifestation of their "demons in their hearts", and it shows that they, the Israelites, were a foolish group who were far from simple and good. (2) If "Joseph" had hated you, and had taken full revenge on you for all the evil you had done to him, he would not have waited until after "Israel's" death, but as long as "Israel" was alive He will not wait until "Israel" is dead, but while "Israel" is alive, he will be able to take revenge on you under all sorts of names.

50:16 So they sent to Joseph, saying, "Before your father died, he commanded, saying
17. "50:17 Say this to Joseph: I beg you to forgive your brothers for their trespasses and their sins, when they treated you badly. Now forgive your father, the servant of God, for his transgressions. And when they said these things to Joseph, he wept." : (1) Do you see? Joseph's brothers, the vast majority of the Israelites, had inherited the lying and cheating gene of "Israel"! (2) "Now I beg you to forgive the transgressions of your father's servants of God" means that Joseph's brothers, all the Israelites except Joseph, were servants of the God of Israel, that they all worshipped the "God of Israel" as an "idol", that they worshipped the "God of Israel". This means that they were all worshipping the "God of Israel" as an "idol" and that they were all incarnations of the "God of Israel". (3) They presented the lies they had made up as having been told by their father, who was dead, and Joseph could not seek confirmation from his father. This is a farce that "Israel" used to lie and deceive during its lifetime, and now it is being played out again among the brothers of Israel, showing that Israel as a nation has brought out the "cruel, mean, selfish and narrow-minded" nature of Satan, showing that Israel is Satan incarnate. 50:18 And his brothers were the ones who were the most important.

50:18 His brothers came again and fell down before him, saying, "We are your servants."
50:19 Joseph said to them, "Do not be afraid, for can I take the place of God?
20. "50:20 Once upon a time you meant to do me harm, but God meant it for good, to preserve the lives of many and to accomplish this day's glory." : (1) Because the priests of Jacob's heritage were Satan's magic, they became Satan's minions. Satan dominated the thinking of Joseph's brothers and made them jealous and mutilated Joseph. The true Jehovah saved Joseph, so the brothers tried to sell him to Egypt. In other words: it was Satan who was jealous and mutilated Joseph; it was the true Jehovah who saved Joseph by selling him to Egypt. (2) "God meant it to be good" shows that Joseph did not know what "Jehovah and Satan" were; they never had a sense of Satan, and took the Satan they saw for Jehovah, nor did they have the great wisdom to distinguish between "Jehovah and Satan They never had a sense of Satan and took the Satan they saw for Yahweh, nor did they have the great wisdom to distinguish between "Yahweh and Satan. (3) You were sent to Egypt to open your eyes. Do not think that "Jehovah" is the only true God, and that the sun god of Egypt is also the true God, otherwise Pharaoh would not have known about the famine dream that was going to happen. You have failed the LORD, you beasts, and you have not corrected your contempt and ignorance, for your "demons" are deep-rooted.
50:21 Now do not be afraid, for I will feed you and your women and children." So Joseph comforted them with dear words.

Genesis 50 Joseph's testament to be buried (50:1-21)
50:22 Joseph and his father's family lived in Egypt. Joseph lived to be one hundred and ten years old.
50:23 And Joseph was given to see the children of the third generation of Ephraim; and the grandson of Manasseh, the son of Magi, was raised on Joseph's knee.
24. "50:24 And Joseph said to his brothers, "I am going to die, but God will surely look after you and lead you from this earth to the land which he promised by oath to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob." (1) Because Joseph knew that the Israelites were not as "tolerant" as the Egyptians, the Israelites must have had many conflicts with the Egyptians because of their faith, and because Joseph's brothers had not gotten rid of their evil habit of lying and cheating, the brothers' words and actions must have been detested by the growing number of Egyptians, who already detested the Egyptians who did not engage in agriculture, but only in "shepherding". The Egyptians were already disgusted with nomadic tribes that did not engage in agriculture but only in "sheep herding". "46:34 Anyone who shepherds sheep is hated by the Egyptians." (2) Surely God will look upon you, the instruments of Satan's possession, and lead you out of the land where there is a "sun god" to a place where there is no "sun god", for the "sun god" is the light of the Lord, the opposite of the darkness of Satan. The God of Israel would be uncomfortable and oppressed in a place where the "sun god" dwelt, which is why "God will surely look after you and lead you out of the land. (3) "To the land which he promised to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob under oath", which is the devil's cave, the centre of Satan's wickedness, Jerusalem, which has been torn apart by many religions and crushed by dozens of religious orders.

25, "50:25 And Joseph called the children of Israel to an oath, saying, Surely God will watch over you, and you shall carry my bones up from here." (1) "Forgive now the transgressions of your father's servants of God" indicates that Joseph's brothers, that is, all the Israelites apart from Joseph, were God's servants of Israel, and this is the reason why "God will surely look after you". Therefore, the Israelites must have thought that Jehovah alone was the true God, and then stigmatized the Egyptian sun-god as "unholy", and conflict was inevitable because of the difference in beliefs, for the Israelites were all life-threatening demons. (2) Joseph was able to keep himself from clashing with the Egyptians, knowing that he could not guarantee that his brothers would lie and cheat and kill the Egyptians. Joseph knew that if his brothers were to murder even their own brothers, they would certainly have a grudge against the Egyptians and eventually cause them to be expelled in anger. This is why Joseph said, "You shall carry my bones up from here".

26. "50:26 And Joseph died, being a hundred and ten years old. They smothered him with spices, and put him in a coffin and rested him in Egypt." (1) "Joseph died, being a hundred and ten years old" is a "play on words", for ancient medical conditions were poor and did not allow for conditions beyond 100 years of age. (2) Most of all, the Israelite family were all minions of Satan, and Satan would have taken the "essence" of their family to become Satan's sustenance for growth. His family could not have lived beyond 100 years. They must have been suffering from "sub-health".

(1) "Reverse thinking", also known as "divergent thinking", is a way of thinking about things or ideas that seem to be commonplace and settled. It is a way of thinking about the opposite side of a problem, exploring the opposite side of the problem in depth, building new ideas and creating new images. When everyone is thinking in a fixed direction, but you are thinking in the opposite direction, this is called "reverse thinking". People are used to thinking in the right direction and looking for solutions. In fact, for some problems, especially special problems, it may be easier to work backwards from the conclusion, to think backwards, from the solution to the known conditions, to think backwards.
(2) In the book of Genesis, Yahweh created "prophets of Yahweh" such as "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob", the original group of "Jewish priests". It is clear from the scriptures that they were in fact lying and deceitful demonic figures, the "antitype". The LORD had these demons demonstrate various "works" (magic, ritualistic words and deeds) so that we could point out their mistakes and learn from them, not to learn from them. It is in this way that Yahweh teaches us to "think backwards", so do not be afraid to criticise them just because they are "prophets of Yahweh". (3) If you dare to directly refute the "prophets of the LORD" in the Old Testament, you are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron You are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright bronze, and who has received a rod of iron. If you become the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and do not fall away during your lifetime, you will be like Jesus in the kingdom of heaven for eternity. (4) If you do not have a sense of "reverse thinking", you will understand the "Old Testament" scriptures and put them into practice with the normal "straightforward" thinking. "(5) It is not just Genesis, but also the Old Testament.
(5) Not only Genesis, but the entire Old Testament is a "reverse thinking" teaching of Yahweh, and the Jewish priests who practised the Old Testament were "This is why Jesus called the Jewish community "woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the blind, who are hypocrites". Jesus' exposure of Judaism as a demonic group caused panic in Judaism, and that is why they "crucified" Jesus. Lee Wai Chu 4 September 2017 08:40 pm
(6) After Christianity became a legal religion recognized by the Roman Emperor during Constantine the Great (272-337), and to this day, Christianity does not see the Old Testament as a scripture showing the face of the devil, nor does it carry on the realm of thought where Jesus scolded the Jews, and all Christian groups "do not let Christians be Christ All Christian groups "do not allow Christians to be Christ", but rather make Christians shepherds of "priests", which shows that Christianity is a complete inheritance of Jewish doctrine, that Judaizers under the guise of Christianity are dominating Christianity, and that the "Christianity of Jesus" This shows that the "Christianity of Jesus" not only exists in name only, but has also become a tool for Judaism to abuse Jesus and promote Judaism. (7) The framework of the New Testament was provided by the disciples of Jesus, and every article in it was compiled by the "church group" because they were the official, legal order, and they alone were qualified to compile the Bible, so it can be asserted that there must be "lies" added by the "church group Therefore, it can be concluded that there must be "lies" added by the "church group". The "lies" added by the church group in the New Testament can only be discovered by understanding the book of Revelation and Genesis, and without understanding the book of Revelation and Genesis one cannot identify the adulterated passages without having "eyes like fire".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 Sep 2017 15:55 min 18:20 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






