Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 25 Death of Abraham
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 25 Abraham succeeds to Keturah (25:1-6)
25:1 And Abraham took another wife, and her name was Gethulah.
25:2 And Keturah bore him Heartland, and Jotham, and Midan, and Midian, and Ishbaal, and Shua.
25:3 And Jotham begat Sheba and Didan. And the sons of Dedan were the tribe of Ashuriah, the tribe of Lidduriah, and the tribe of Reumiah.
25:4 The sons of Midian were Ephrathah, Ephrathah, Hanoch, Abiathar and Elodah. These were all the sons of Keturah.
5. "25:5 Abraham gave all that he had to Isaac": (1) Not only family property, but also faith in Yahweh. (2) Abraham was a "prophet of Judaism". Isaac was Abraham's heir.
25:6 And Abraham gave his possessions to his sons who were his children, and while he was still alive, he sent them away from his son Isaac to the east.
Genesis 25 Abraham's end of life (25:7-11)
25:7 And the years of Abraham's life were one hundred and seventy-five years.
8. "25:8 And Abraham died of old age, and his breath failed him, and he went to his fathers": (1) All those who thought that Abraham had gone to heaven were devils. (2) Those who can question Abraham are the few sane people. For until the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, and until the "last judgment", very few people will be able to see that all those who have fulfilled the "Old Testament" are in hell. (3) Those who have not received the Word, because they do not know what it will be like after they have received the Word, will not think that the book of Genesis is full of "counterfactuals and reverse thinking", and will not think that the "prophets of the Lord" in it, who are closely related to the Lord, are all demonic The devil.
25:9 His two sons, Isaac and Ishmael, buried him in the cave of Mebila. The cave was in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, before the Mantle.
25:10 The same field that Abraham bought from the Hittites. Abraham and his wife Sarah were buried there.
11. "25:11 When Abraham had died, God blessed his son Isaac. Isaac dwelt close to Perez and Hale": (1) "God blessed Isaac his son", indicating that Isaac inherited Abraham's profession as a "Jewish priest". (2) Isaac became a "Jewish prophet" after Abraham, continuing the farce of demagoguery under the guise of Jehovah.
Genesis 25: The descendants of Ishmael (25:12-18)
25:12 And the son born to Abraham of Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's envoy, was Ishmael.
25:13 And the names of the sons of Ishmael, according to their genealogies, are written as follows: the firstborn of Ishmael was Nebaioth, and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibeesh, and
25:14 Mishmah, Dumah, Massah, and
25:15 Hadad, Timah, Ithu, Naphish, and Kedemah.
25:16 These are the names of the sons of Ishmael, according to their villages and camps, as the chiefs of the twelve tribes.
25:17 And Ishmael died when he had lived a hundred and thirty-seven years, and his breath died, and he returned to his fathers (note: originally "the people").
25:18 And the dwelling place of his children was east of his brethren, from Hafira to Shur before Egypt, in the way of Assyria.
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 25 The Birth of Jacob Esau (25:19-26)
25:19 The descendants of Isaac, the son of Abraham, are recorded below: Abraham begat Isaac.
25:20 Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah as his wife. Rebekah was the daughter of Pethuel the Aramean in the land of Batan Aram, the sister of Laban the Aramean.
21. "25:21 When Isaac prayed to the LORD for his wife because she was barren, he prayed for her. And the LORD answered his prayer, and Rebekah his wife conceived": (1) "Isaac prayed to the LORD for his wife because she was barren", in which case it was "idolatry". The object of the prayer is the "idol". To pray is to "worship an idol", which is "that which Satan will do". (2) "The LORD answered his prayer". This is the LORD's "test" to see if you know what "idolatry" is. If you think that the faith of others is wrong, but your faith in the LORD is right, this is evidence of your "idolatry". (3) The LORD will not answer anyone's prayer, for any prayer is a delusion diametrically opposed to the LORD's teaching. To hope that "Yahweh will answer his prayer" is an attack of insanity. (4) When the time comes for you to correct your mistakes and repent of your previous misdeeds such as "lying and deceiving and eating meat", your prayers may be fulfilled. (5) The LORD will not have anyone to "deal with". (6) "Supplications, prayers and prayers" are Satan's magic to turn people into demons and are the opposite of the righteous way to become Christ.
25:22 When the children were striving against each other in her womb, she said, "If this is so, why am I living?" And she went and asked the LORD.
25:23 The LORD said to her, "Two nations are in your womb, and two tribes will come out of you; this tribe will be stronger than that tribe, and in the future the greater will serve the lesser."
25:24 The day of birth came, and in the womb were the twin children.
25:25 And the body of the firstborn was red and covered with hair like a garment of skin, and they called his name Esau (note: which means "hairy").
25:26 Then came Esau's brother, whose hand grasped Esau's heel, and they called his name Jacob (note: which means "to grasp"). Isaac was sixty years old when Rebekah gave birth to her two sons.
25:27 And the two children grew up, and Esau was a good hunter, and was always in the field; and Jacob was a quiet man, and lived in a tent.
28. "25:28 And Isaac loved Esau, because he used to eat his game; but Rebekah loved Jacob": (1) "Isaac loved Esau, because he used to eat his game", indicating that Isaac did not inherit Yahweh's (vegetarian, non-meat eating) teaching, but only took Satan's (1) "Isaac loved Esau because he used to eat his game", indicating that Isaac did not pass on Yahweh's teaching (vegetarianism, not eating meat), but merely took Satan's teaching as Yahweh's. (2) "But Rebekah loved Jacob" shows that Jacob did much less evil than Esau, for he did not go hunting, was quiet, and lived in his tent.
25:29 One day Jacob was making soup, and Esau returned from the field tired and faint.
25:30 Esau said to Jacob, "I am tired and faint; give me this red soup to drink, I pray you." So Esau was also called Edom (note: which means "red").
25:31 Jacob said to him, "Sell me today the name of the firstborn!"
25:32 Esau said, "What good is the name of the firstborn to me, since I am about to die?"
33. "25:33 And Jacob said, "Swear to me today! So Esau swore to him and sold the firstborn to Jacob": (1) The fact that Esau would "not want what is to come" because of "what is at hand" shows that he was short-sighted and did not know that many things are priceless, cannot be bought, and cannot be sold. He did not know that many things are priceless, cannot be bought, and cannot be sold. (2) This shows that Esau was not as far-sighted and wise as Jacob. (3) This left the way open for Jacob to return 20 years later after he had left his hometown, no longer having any concern that Esau would not allow him to do so, and to become "an Israel that has prevailed against God and against men".
34. "25:34 Then Jacob gave Esau bread and red bean soup, and Esau ate and drank, and rose up and went away. This is how Esau despised the name of his firstborn son": (1) "Esau ate and drank, and rose up and went away" shows that he was a rough man who only cared about food and drink. He would have sold everything for a moment of hunger. (2) "Esau despised the name of his firstborn" shows that he did not value the honour that belonged to him, and could have done without pride and cared little for the opinion of others.
(1) From here on, the doctrine of what Yahweh says to say is diminished, and these "running accounts" are written to "dilute" what has been said before about "Abraham's farce The purpose of these "running accounts" is to "dilute" what has been said about the "farce of Abraham" and to lead you into a "trance". (2) If you do not come out of the "trance" in style, you are a minion of Satan. If you come out of the "ecstasy" in style, you are "Christ with eyes like a flame".
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 31 Aug 2017 18:20pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article