Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 40 Joseph's Interpretation of Dreams
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down and worship those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. The teaching of the Lord, who "makes Christians Christ", is the opposite.
Genesis 40: "The chief drunkard dreamed in the same night" (40:1-8)
1. 40:1 And after these things, the rulers of the wine and the chief caterers of the kings of Egypt sinned against their lord the king of Egypt.
2. "40:2 And Pharaoh was angry with the two ministers, the wine merchant and the chief cook": (1) The word "wine merchant" is translated as "wine pourer", an important court position. He was personally responsible for tasting everything the king wanted to drink to ensure that it was free of poisons and other harmful ingredients. (2) The 'chief caterer' supervised the preparation of the royal meals and was responsible for ensuring the cleanliness of everything that was served at the king's table. (3) It must have been because the wine was unsafe or unclean that "Pharaoh became angry with the two ministers of wine and food". (4) The first scenario is that the "chief purveyor" had a personal grudge against the "purveyor of wine" and that the "chief purveyor" intended to trap the "purveyor of wine" by adding to the good wine (4) The first scenario is that because the "chief purveyor" had a personal grudge against the "wine administration", the "chief purveyor" intended to frame the "wine administration" by adding unclean and obscene substances to the good wine, and then having the "wine administration" give it to Pharaoh, who became angry with the "wine administration" when he saw the obscene substances in the wine. "(5) The second scenario is that: the "wine administrator" was not the only one who had the wine. (5) The second scenario is that the "wine administrator" himself did not know that the "chief cook" had added filth to the wine in his cellar, and that the "wine administrator" gave it to Pharaoh without first assessing the quality of the wine. When Pharaoh saw the filth in the wine glass, he became angry with the "wine administrator". "When he thought about it, he remembered that he must have been set up by the "chief cook" because he had offended the "chief cook". (6) "The Wine Administrator
(6) "The wine tyrant was reinstated, but he still handed the cup to Pharaoh", which means that the wine tyrant had the power to provide wine to Pharaoh, and he knew what kind of wine Pharaoh liked, so he could "hand the cup to Pharaoh". (7) If the "chief of the wine administration" had the power to serve wine to Pharaoh, he knew what kind of wine Pharaoh liked, so he could "pass the cup in Pharaoh's hand. (7) If the "chief purveyor" had provided the "wine administrator" with another kind of wine, and the "wine administrator" had tasted it and known that it was not to Pharaoh's liking, he would have refused to use it. (7) If the "chief purveyor" offers the "chief purveyor" another wine, and the "chief purveyor" tastes it and knows that it is not to the liking of Pharaoh, he will refuse to use the wine offered to him by the "chief purveyor," thus offending the "chief purveyor. If the "chief purveyor" was interested in Pharaoh's wine, and the "chief purveyor" offered the "wine government" a drink of Pharaoh's wine, and was refused by the "wine government", the "chief purveyor" would refuse the wine. If the "chief purveyor" is interested in Pharaoh's wine, and the "chief purveyor" gives the "chief purveyor" the wine to drink, and the "chief purveyor" refuses, the "chief purveyor" is offended. (8) The "chief purveyor" could use his position to find the wine cellar and add unclean and obscene substances to the wine that the "purveyor" gave to Pharaoh. When the "wine tyrant" gave the unclean wine to Pharaoh, he "offended the king of Egypt". When Pharaoh was angry with the "wine tyrant", he thought of his personal anger with the "chief purveyor" and said that the "chief purveyor" had played a role.
40:3 and put them in the prison of the captain of the guard, where Joseph was imprisoned.
40:4 And the captain of the guard gave them to Joseph, and Joseph served them; and they were in prison some days.
40:5 And the wine merchant and the chief cook of the king of Egypt, who were imprisoned in the prison, had a dream each of them in the same night, and each dream had an explanation.
40:6 And in the morning Joseph came in to them, and saw that they were in a state of sorrow.
40:7 Then he asked Pharaoh's two ministers, who were prisoners with him in his master's house, saying, "Why do you have a sad face today?"
8. "40:8 They said to him, "We have each had a dream, and no one can interpret it. Joseph said, "Is it not of God that the dream is interpreted? Please tell me the dream." (1) "Is not the interpretation of the dream of God" is a deliberate attempt by "Joseph" to play mysterious with "God". This is the "prophet of the LORD" playing his game, as every "prophet of the LORD" does. (2) The interpretation of dreams is not of Yahweh, it is of the wisdom that Yahweh has given to mankind. It is not only the "interpretation of dreams", but everything is not of Jehovah, the God, but of the wisdom that Jehovah has given to mankind.
The True Exposition of Genesis 40 Joseph interprets the dream of the wine-governor (40:9-15)
40:9 Then the wine ruler told Joseph his dream, saying, "I dreamed that there was a vine before me, and
40:10 And there were three branches on the tree, as if it had sprouted and blossomed, and all the grapes on it were ripe.
11: "40:11 And the cup of Pharaoh was in my hand, and I took the grapes and squeezed them into the cup of Pharaoh, and handed the cup into his hand." (1) "I took the grapes and squeezed them into Pharaoh's cup and handed it to him" means that the wine offered to Pharaoh by the "wine government" was clean, that the "wine government" did not add any filth to the wine (2) "Take the grapes and squeeze them out of the cup", which means that the wine was clean, that the wine was not added to the wine, and that the wine was not deceived by Pharaoh. (2) The grapes that were "taken and squeezed into Pharaoh's cup" were sweet grape juice. By "handing the cup to him", he gave Pharaoh the sweet grape juice that he liked. This shows that the relationship between the "wine government" and Pharaoh was sweet and pleasant.
40:12 Joseph said to him, "This is the interpretation of your dream: three branches are three days.
40:13 Within three days Pharaoh will bring you out of prison and restore you to your office, and you will still be handed the cup in Pharaoh's hand, just as you were his wine tyrant before.
40:14 But when it is well with thee, remember me, and be gracious to me, and speak of me before Pharaoh, and deliver me out of this prison.
15. "40:15 Truly I was abducted from the land of the Hebrews, and I have done nothing here, that they should put me in prison." : (1) "Truly I was abducted from the land of the Hebrews", I had no family in Egypt, I dared not sin. (2) "Neither have I done anything here that they should put me in prison": I have not done anything sinful here that they should falsely accuse me of and put me in prison, so that they can ask them to investigate me.
Genesis 40 Joseph interprets the dream of the chief cook (40:16-23)
40:16 When the chief cook saw that his dream was well interpreted, he said to Joseph, "I saw in my dream three baskets of white bread on my head
17, "40:17 And in the baskets on the pole were all kinds of food baked for Pharaoh, and birds of prey came and ate the food in the baskets on my head." (1) "Three baskets on my head" means to lie and deceive three times. The word "baskets" means "deceitful lies". (2) "White cakes" means the mourning clothes of a calamity. (3) "I have three baskets of white cakes on my head," because Pharaoh will cut off your head within three days for lying and deceiving three times. (4) "In the baskets on the pole were all kinds of food baked for Pharaoh", for lying and deceiving Pharaoh by giving him food. (5) "A bird of prey came and ate from the basket on my head", you lied about the bird of prey, you put bird droppings in the wine given to Pharaoh by the "wine government", you falsely accused the "wine government". "In fact, you are deceiving Pharaoh with your lies and committing the great crime of killing his head.
(6) Birds eat large amounts of food and have a strong digestive capacity to accommodate the large amount of energy consumed during flight. At the same time, one of the structures of the digestive tube, the rectum, is extremely short, so that faeces can be expelled from the body at any time to reduce weight and be suitable for a flying life. Birds do not have a bladder and urine cannot be stored in the body and is always excreted with the faeces, which also reduces body weight and makes them suitable for flying. The digestive system of birds is different from that of humans. In order to facilitate flight, birds have evolved to excrete food from their mouths in as little as 15 minutes, in order to reduce their weight and facilitate flight. So the excretion of birds is possible almost all the time.
40:18 Joseph said, "This is how your dream is interpreted: three baskets are three days.
40:19 In three days Pharaoh will cut off your head and hang you on a log, and a bird of prey will come and eat the flesh from you."
40:20 And on the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, he made a feast for all the servants of his ministers, and brought out the chief wine-governor and the chief caterer into prison.
40:21 and restored the wine merchant to his office, and he still passed the cup into Pharaoh's hand.
22. "40:22 But hung up the chief purveyor of food, as Joseph had explained to them." (1) Pharaoh found out through his investigation that the "chief purveyor" had falsely accused the "wine-governor" out of selfishness, so he hung the chief purveyor up and had his head beheaded. (2) The dream that Joseph interpreted for the "chief cook" became a reality.
23. "40:23 But the governor of wine did not remember Joseph, but forgot him." (1) "Joseph said, "Is not the interpretation of dreams of God", because Joseph was acting mysteriously under the guise of God, which was annoying to the Egyptians who did not believe in Yahweh, and that is why "the ruler of the wine did not remember Joseph, but forgot him". (2) This was because Joseph was being punished for the demagoguery of the people under the guise of Jehovah. The time of punishment was "after two years".
Chapter 40: (1) The LORD preaches through the Scriptures, and the characters in the Scriptures are "teaching materials". Do not be moved by the "family ties" of Jacob and his family. We should not dismiss the sins of Jacob as a "prophet of the Lord" just because there is a "good man or a famous person" among the sons of Jacob the devil. A "good man, a famous man" among Jacob's sons is a "plot" necessity. (2) Remember: we should only watch the drama and realise the truth; we should not "enter the drama and not come out". And do not watch only one act of the drama and erase the previous ones. The previous drama is all a prelude to this later scene].
Li Huaiju Published on September 10, 2017 19:37 am 11:00 pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article