Bible Old Testament 9, 1 Samuel, True Commentary, Trial of Samuel 2-1
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

9-64: And Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who had his weapons, "We might as well cross over to the other side, to the fortified camp of the Philistines." But he did not tell his father, asking, Is that so? Answer: out of espousal of the image, so he pretended not to know.
9-65: "Follow me up, for the LORD has delivered them into the hands of the Israelites", was this what Jonathan said to the men with the weapons? Answer: Yes.
9-66: "The first of those whom Jonathan and the men of war killed were about twenty men, all within the half furrow of an acre of land". Answer: Yes.
9-67, "But they relied on God, knowing full well that the enemy, though many in number, could not limit God's power to help them. God valued the faith and valour of these two men and gave them a great victory". Answer: This is what the writer, the "priest", thought.
9-68: "At Gibeah in Benjamin, Saul's watchmen saw the Philistine army scattered and in disarray", Q: Is this true? Answer: Yes.
9-69: Saul said to Ahijah, "You have brought the ark of the covenant of God", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-70: "And Saul and all those who followed him gathered together and came to the battlefield and saw the Philistines striking each other with the sword and in great disorder". Answer: Yes.
9-71: "The Hebrews, who had come from the four quarters to follow the Philistine army, now turned to help the Israelites who were following Saul and Jonathan". Answer: Yes.
9-72: And Saul made the people swear, saying, "Cursed is everyone who does not wait until the evening to finish avenging himself on his enemies and eat something". Answer: Yes.
9-73: "When they went into the wood, they saw honey flowing down, but no one dared to take it with his hand and eat it, for they were afraid of the oath. Answer: Yes.
9-74: "Jonathan did not hear his father telling the people to swear, so he stretched out his staff in his hand, dipped the end of it in the beehive, and turned his hand and put it in his mouth, and his eyes were brightened". Answer: Yes.
9-75: "So he hastened to slaughter the oxen and the sheep and the calves which he had taken on the ground, and ate them with the flesh still bloody", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-76: "The people have sinned against the LORD by eating meat with blood" (eating blood is a sin, for blood represents life, and life belongs to God), Q: Doesn't meat represent life? Is such ignorance the indoctrination of God (Jehovah)? Answer: He who likes to eat meat and drink blood is a beast. The "sacrificial" offerings were in accordance with the wishes of the "wolf spirit" who manipulated "Moses" into making the rules, and carried on the wolf's style and taste for meat. All were misled by the "gods and demons".
9-77: "Bring me your cattle and your sheep and slaughter them, and do not sin against the LORD by eating flesh with blood". Answer: Yes.
9-78: "During his reign he sought God only when he was at the end of his tether, in sharp contrast to the priests, who advocated that one should ask God beforehand in all matters", which means that the person who wrote this book was biased towards the "priests", for the author himself was a "priest". "Is it true that the king has left the "priests" without supreme authority? Answer: Yes.
9-79: "We should ask God first, and not wait until we are at the end of our rope to think of him." This shows that the wise king and the "priests" are in opposition and in conflict. Answer: Yes.
9-80: Saul asked God, "May I go down after the Philistines? Will you deliver them into the hands of the Israelites and not deliver them?" On this day God (the priest) did not answer him, because the "priest" did not want "Saul" to have a greater victory or prestige in the crowd, not at all because he did not "approach God first". "Is that right? Answer: Yes.
9-81: "Come up here, all you elders of the people, and find out who has sinned this day", because "God has not answered him this day"? Because the "priests" did not want Saul to have a greater victory, and because the "priests" did not answer, and because "God was not pleased"? "Does this not mean that the "priest" was an unforgivable devil? Answer: Yes.
9-82: "Stand aside, I and my son Jonathan also". Answer: Yes.
9-83: "O Jonathan, you must die! If not, may God punish me severely", Q: Did Saul say this? "The people saved Jonathan from death"? Answer: He said it, and the people saved him.
9-84, "And Saul reigned over Israel, and he used to attack all his enemies around him, the Moabites, the Ammonites, the Edomites, the kings of Zobah, and not the Rishis. Wherever he went, he defeated his enemies", Q. Is this true? "Saul fought bravely against the Amalekites and saved the Israelites from the hand of those who had robbed them", Q. Is this true? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-85. "Saul recruited all the powerful men or warriors he met to follow him", Q. Is this true? Does this not mean that "Saul" was a wise king? Doesn't it make it even more impossible for the "priests" to deceive? "Do not the priests and their associates (priests and priests) stigmatize and hate a wise man like Saul? Answer: Yes.
9-86. "Samuel said to Saul, "The LORD has sent me to anoint you king over his people Israel". Was it really the Lord who sent "Samuel" to make "Saul" king? Answer: (1) The "priests" always talked about "Jehovah" in whatever they did, and what the "priests" wanted to do was what "Jehovah" meant. What "priest" wants to do is "Jehovah". "The "priest" was the demon king who kidnapped "Jehovah" and made him the instrument of his will. (2) Because "Saul" was more popular than he was.
9-87: "Now you shall go and smite the Amalekites and destroy all of them, and you shall not have mercy on them, but you shall kill every man and woman, every child and every milk-feeder, every ox, every sheep, every camel and every donkey". Does this not mean that the LORD is the devil who kills? What devil borrowed the words of "Samuel"? Answer: The words of the black python of 20,000 years.
9-88: "And Saul gathered the people together at Tirahim, and counted them, and they were two hundred thousand foot soldiers, and ten thousand men of Judah". Answer: Yes.
9-89, "Leave the Amalekites and go down! I am afraid that I will kill you with the Amalekites. For you were kind to the Israelites when they came out of Egypt". Q: Is this what Saul said to the Kenites? Answer: Yes.
9-90: "And he captured Agag, king of Amalek, and killed all the people of Amalek with the sword. But Saul and the people had pity on Agag, and loved the good cattle, the sheep, the calves, the lambs, and all the good things, and would not destroy them; but all the lowly and the weak were killed". Answer: Yes.
9-91, "For they were guerrilla forces, terrorists, who lived by attacking and taking people and goods. After the Israelites came out of Egypt, they attacked them first, and then they plundered the Israelites' camps whenever they had the opportunity". Is this the reason why Samuel told Saul to destroy all the Amalekites? Answer: Yes.
9-92: "And when Saul had come to Carmel, he set up a monument there, and turned down to Gilgal", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-93: "Wait until I tell you what the LORD said to me last night", Q: Did the LORD really speak to Samuel? Answer: No. The "priests" (priests and ministers) all spoke in this way, but were in fact demons in disguise.
9-94: "Saul thought he had won a great victory over the Amalekites, but God saw him as a great failure, because he did not obey His commands". Does this not mean that "Samuel" portrays "Jehovah" as a narrow-minded, jealous, twisted, dictator-like devil? Answer: Yes.
9-95, "Obedience is better than sacrifice; obedience is better than the fat of rams. The sin of disobedience is equal to the sin of practising evil; the sin of stubbornness is the same as the sin of worshipping false gods and idols. As you have forsaken the command of the LORD, so has the LORD forsaken you as king", Q. Is this what Samuel said? Does this not expose the "priests" (priests) for what they are, devils and dictators? Answer: Yes.
9-96: "As you have bereaved a woman with the sword, so shall your mother be bereaved among women". Did Samuel "kill Agag before the LORD in Gilgal"? Does this not show that "Samuel" was a devil without any mercy? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.
9-97: "Samuel grieved over Saul because the LORD regretted making him king over Israel". This is the incompetent devil (Samuel) who saw that "Saul" did not do exactly what he wanted and regretted making him the king of Israel. How can anyone who reads the Bible not be misled by such demonic heresies? Answer: Yes.
9-98, "He asked Samuel to go with him to worship God, to show publicly that Samuel still supported him. If Samuel did not comply, the people would lose faith in Saul": this explanation is entirely from the point of view of "Samuel" (the priest), and shows that the "preachers" from ancient times to the present day have been misleading demons. How could the people lose faith in the king who led them to victory when they had lost faith in an incompetent ruler and a devil like "Samuel"? If Samuel had not obeyed, the people would still have had faith in Saul, wouldn't they? Answer: Yes.
9-99: "How long will you grieve for Saul, since I have forsaken him as king over Israel? When you have filled the horns with anointing oil, I will send you to Jesse the Bethlehemite, for I have predestined one of his sons to be king". Answer: No, a lie of the "priests". This is a lie of the "priests". This is "Samuel" who wants to establish another authority.
9-100, "Have you come for peace?" Why did the elders of the city ask him this? Why did they all come out to meet him with fear and trembling? Does this not show that "Samuel" (the priest) was a notorious "devil who eats people"? Answer: Yes.
9-101: "Do not look at his appearance or at his great stature, but I will not choose him. For the LORD does not look at man as man looks at man: man looks at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart". Answer: This is what "Samuel" himself said.
9-102: "This is he, rise up and anoint him", Q: Did Jehovah say this? Or did "Samuel" say this? Answer: "Samuel" had already planned this.
9-103: "The Spirit of the LORD left Saul, and a demon came from the LORD to disturb him". "Now there are demons coming from God to disturb you. Our Lord may command his servants before him to find a good lyre-player, and when the devil from God comes upon you, make him play with his hands, and you will be well". Did he have a premonition? Answer: (1) This is the "priest" (priest, pastor) slandering, scandalizing and abusing "Saul" because "Saul" disobeyed the "priest" (priest, pastor). (1) "Saul" was disobeying the will of the "priests" (priest, pastor). (2) "When the devil from God comes upon you, make him play the lyre with his hands and you will be well" is the demonic heresy and ecstasy of the "priests" (priests and ministers). The "priests" (priest, pastor) are the "cancer" of Israel. (3) A man of words was found to give "Saul" ideas on how to deal with "Samuel's" other kingship.
9-104: "You may find for me one who is good at playing the lyre and bring it to me", Q. Did Saul say this? "Allow David to stand before me, for he has found favour in my sight". Answer: Yes. "Saul" had understood the mind of "Samuel" in advance, and had drawn "David" to his side in advance.
9-105: "When the devil from God came upon Saul, David took a lyre and played it with his hands, and Saul was relieved and pleased, and the devil left him". Was the "devil from God" afraid of "playing the lyre"? What kind of demons are these? Answer: This is a sign that the person who wrote the book was possessed by the devil. "This is the devil scandalizing and slandering "Jehovah".9-106: "Saul called David to serve him, not knowing that David had been secretly anointed (by Samuel) to be the next king". Answer: "Saul" was deliberately pretending not to know.
9-107: "Today I am scolding the armies of the Israelites. Call one of you to come out and fight with me." Q: Is this what "Goliath" said? Was Goliath more than 2.7 metres tall? "The Philistines stood out morning and evening for forty days", Q. Is that right? Answer: Yes. Goliath was more than 2.1 metres tall, not 2.7 metres tall. Is.
9-108: "How shall a man do to this Philistine who kills him and takes away the shame of the Israelites? Who is this uncircumcised Philistine? How dare he curse at the army of the living God?" , ask: Is this what David said? Answer: Yes. Circumcision is the removal of the overgrown foreskin from a boy's penis, and "circumcision" at puberty indicates a break from childhood to adulthood. Ancient Egyptian boys were generally circumcised between the ages of 6 and 12. Among the Ethiopians, Jews and Muslims, as well as several other ethnic groups, circumcision was performed shortly after birth (on the eighth day of life for Jews) or a few years after birth. Most of the other peoples who practise circumcision do so at puberty. Among the Jews, circumcision is in fact a sign of the fulfilment of the covenant with God, of the establishment of Jewish identity and of the entry into the sphere of marriage.
9-109: "When your servant tends his father's sheep, sometimes a lion comes, and sometimes a bear, and carries a lamb from the herd. And I chased it, and struck it, and saved the lamb out of its mouth. And when it rose up to harm me, I took it by the beard and killed it. As your servant struck down the lion and the bear, so will this uncircumcised Philistine who curses at the army of the living God be like the lion and the bear", Q. Did David say this? Answer: Yes.
9-110: "And David took a stone out of his bag with his hand, and flung it with a string, and it struck the Philistine in the forehead; and it entered into his forehead, and he fell down and fell on his face to the ground". "And David ran and stood beside the Philistine, and took his sword out of its sheath, and slew him, and cut off his head", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.