Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 16 The Jewish priests slander "Saul"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
16:1 Then the LORD said to Samuel, "How long will you grieve for Saul, since I have forsaken him as king over Israel? When you have filled the horns with anointing oil, I will send you to Jesse the Bethlehemite, for I have predestined one of his sons to be king."
16:2 Samuel said, "How can I go? If Saul hears of it, he will kill me." The LORD said, "Take a calf with you, and say, 'I have come to offer a sacrifice to the LORD.'
16:3 Ask Jesse to come and eat the sacrificial meat, and I will show you what you should do. The man whom I have pointed out to you, you shall anoint him."
16:4 So Samuel went and did as the LORD had said. When he came to Bethlehem, all the elders of that city came out to meet him with fear and trembling, and asked him, "Have you come for peace?"
16:5 He said, "For peace. I am offering a sacrifice to the LORD; cleanse yourselves and come and eat the sacrificial meat with me." So Samuel made Jesse and all his sons cleanse themselves, and invited them to come and eat the sacrificial meat.
16:6 When they came, Samuel saw Eliab and said in his heart, "Surely the LORD's anointed one is before him."
16:7 But the LORD said to Samuel, "Do not look at his appearance or at his great stature; I will not choose him. For the LORD does not look at man as man looks at man: man looks at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart."
16:8 And Jesse called Abinadab to pass before Samuel, and Samuel said, "Neither will the LORD choose him."
16:9 And Jesse called Shammah to pass before Samuel, and Samuel said, "Neither will the LORD choose him."
16:10 And Jesse called all his seven sons to pass before Samuel, and Samuel said, "None of these has been chosen by the LORD."
16:11 Samuel said to Jesse, "Are all your sons here?" He answered, "There is a younger one, who is now tending sheep." And Samuel said to Jesse, "Send for him; if he does not come, we will not sit down."
16:12 So Jesse sent for him and called him. His face was shining red, his eyes were clear, and he was handsome in appearance. And the LORD said, "This is he; get up and anoint him."
16:13 So Samuel anointed him among his brothers with the anointing oil from the horn. From that day on, the Spirit of the LORD moved David greatly. Samuel got up and went back to Ramah.
16:14 And the Spirit of the LORD left Saul, and a demon came from the LORD to disturb him.
16:15 Saul's servants said to him, "Now a demon has come from God to disturb you.
16:16 Our Lord may command the minister before him to find one who is good at playing the lyre, and when the devil from God comes upon you, make him play the lyre with his hands, and you will be well."
16:17 Saul said to his servants, "You may find for me one who is good at playing the lyre and bring it to me."
16:18 One of the young men said, "I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite who is good at playing the lyre, a great and valiant warrior, who speaks well and is handsome in appearance, and the LORD is with him."
16:19 So Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, "Please send me David, your son, who tends sheep."
16:20 So Jesse took a few loaves of bread and a leather sack of wine, and a goat lamb, and put them on a donkey, and gave them to David his son, and sent them to Saul.
16:21 When David came to Saul, he stood before him. And Saul loved him very much, and he became Saul's man of arms.
16:22 And Saul sent to Jesse, saying, "Let David, I pray you, stand before me, for he has found favour in my sight."
16:23 When the devil from God came upon Saul, David took a lyre and played it with his hands, and Saul was comforted and refreshed, and the devil departed from him.

Explanatory section.
9-99, "16:1 And the LORD said to Samuel, "How long will you grieve for Saul, since I have forsaken him as king over Israel? When you have filled the horns with anointing oil, I will send you to Jesse the Bethlehemite, for I have predestined one of his sons to be king". Answer: (1) No, a lie of the "priests". It was "Samuel" himself who "rejected Saul as king over Israel", for "Saul" was not "Samuel's" lackey, nor was he "Samuel's" servant. Saul was not Samuel's lackey, nor was he Samuel's puppet. (2) "Samuel" wanted to "appoint a king", that is, to set up another kingdom, so "Samuel said, "How can I go? If Saul hears of this, he will kill me." (3) Do you see what I mean? This "Jehovah" was actually the devil in "Samuel's" heart.
(4) "And the LORD said, Take a calf with you, and say, I have come to offer a sacrifice to the LORD." Do you see what I mean? How can such a "Jehovah" be a merciful God? Is this not a devil who is insidious and unscrupulous? The true Jehovah does not allow the killing of life or the lying and deceiving of people. The "Jehovah" of the Old Testament is a devilish figure.

9-100, "16:4 Have you come for peace?" (1) Why did the elders of the city ask him this? Why did they all come out to meet him with fear and trembling? Does this not show that "Samuel" (the priest) was a notorious "devil who eats people"? (2) It shows that wherever the notorious "Samuel" (priest) went, it was not "for peace", but "not for peace, but for death" to intimidate people and expose the devil's hideous face. The people felt that they were under the domination of the devil.

9-101, "16:7 But the LORD said to Samuel, "Do not look at his appearance or at his great stature, but I will not choose him. For the LORD does not look at men as men look at men: men look at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart". Answer: (1) This is what "Samuel" himself said. (2) "The LORD looks at the heart" means that the LORD (the priest) will choose as king whoever will be a loyal and faithful servant to the LORD (the priest).
9-102, "16:12 And the LORD said, "This is he; rise up and anoint him": (1) It shows that the LORD (the devil) was dominating "Samuel". "Samuel is just a tool for possession. (2) The devil always uses the guise of "Jehovah" to intimidate people and to achieve his own goals. (3) The whole Old Testament is full of "Jehovah" as the devil's image. Christ, who has eyes like a flame of fire".

9-103, (1) "16:14 The Spirit of the LORD left Saul, and a demon came from the LORD to disturb him", Q. Is this true? (1) "16:15 And Saul's servants said to him, Now a demon has come from God to disturb you. Our Lord may command the servants before him to find a good lyre player, and when the devil from God comes upon you, make him play with his hands, and you will be well". Did he have a premonition? Answer: (1) This is the "priest" (priest) slandering, scandalizing and abusing "Saul" because he had disobeyed the "priest" (priest). The "priest" was not satisfied because he had disobeyed the will of the "priest". (2) "Demons from God" means: demons sent by the LORD; demons come from the LORD. Even if the devil does harm to people, he is sent by the LORD. This is the devil slandering and insulting the LORD. The LORD told the demons to practice on their own and not to harm people, but the demons just did not listen. (3) "When the devil from God comes upon you, make him play the lyre with his hands, and you will be well" is the demonic heresy and ecstasy of the "priests" (priests, ministers). Demons are everywhere, and it is not the "LORD" who tells them to harm people, but they are demons because they do not listen to the LORD's counsel. (4) The "priests" (priests and ministers) were the "cancer" of Israel.

9-104. (1) "16:17 And Saul said to his servants, "You may find me one who is good at playing the lyre and bring him to me". (2) "16:22 And Saul sent to Jesse, saying, Let David stand before me, for he has found favour in my sight". Did "Saul" send someone to "Jesse" to say this? Answer: (1) Yes. For "Saul" was a king, and he knew that "Samuel" had made "David" king, and that "David" played the lyre. "could play the lyre. (2) "Saul" would not have said such things to his subjects (Jesse), but the "priests" who wrote the book did so in order to exalt "Samuel", because "David's "Samuel" was a self anointed king. (3) Whoever reads the Bible and finds such details incorrect and unreasonable, and does not blindly believe them, and directly overturns such "scriptures", and recognizes the "test questions" of the "scriptures "You have become "Christ with eyes like a flame". If you follow blindly and believe blindly and never think, you become a slave of the devil. (4) The Old Testament is a textbook for people to know the true nature of the devil. Your inability to know the devil in the Old Testament means that you have been misled by a "blind man without ears", and your teacher is a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader".

9-105, "16:23 When the devil from God came upon Saul, David took a lyre and played it with his hand, and Saul was relieved and pleased, and the devil left him", Q. Is this true? Was the "devil from God" afraid of "playing the lyre"? What kind of demon is this? Answer: (1) "The devil from God" is the devil scandalizing, slandering, and abusing "Jehovah". This is a sign that the "priest" who wrote the book was possessed by the devil. (2) The "devil from God" is not afraid to "play the lyre"; the devil will certainly listen to the lyre with people and continue to harm them afterwards, because the devil is a kind of "virus" and has "(3) "And David took the lyre, and he took it. (3) "So David took the lyre and played it with his hands, and Saul was so relieved and happy that the demon left him", but after playing the lyre, the demon could come back at any time, because playing the lyre does not kill the demon. No amount of lyre-playing will solve the fundamental problem.

9-106, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "Saul called David to serve him, not knowing that David had been secretly anointed (by Samuel) as the next king": (1) This is all a blind guess by the Jewish beasts. (2) "Saul" was a king who represented public opinion, and "Samuel" was a "pope" who retired from the throne without the hearts of the people. "Samuel" anointed "Jehovah's" king in "Bethlehem", would the people not have spread the word about such a big event? Would the people keep a secret from "Samuel"? Did the new king, Saul, who replaced Samuel, not have a "security department and personnel"? Therefore, it is not impossible, but very likely, that "Saul" deliberately pretended not to know that David had been secretly anointed (by Samuel) as the next king.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





