Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 10 Jesus is the "valiant hunter"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

10:1 The descendants of Shem, Ham and Japheth, the sons of Noah, are recorded below. After the flood, they all gave birth to sons.
10:2 And the sons of Japheth were Gomer, Magog, Madai, Japhan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tirah.
10:3 And the sons of Gomer were Ashkenazim, Rephaim, and Togarmah.
10:4 And the sons of Japheth were Elisha, Tash, Kitti, and Dothan.
5. "10:5 And the descendants of these men separated the lands of the nations, and the islands of the seas, and dwelt separately, each according to his own tongue and clan, and set up a nation": (1) And the descendants of these men separated the lands and islands of the seas around them, and dwelt separately, and there were many small nations of various kinds with small populations; and generally one community was a nation. (2) Because of the fact that there was one language for one people, the different peoples who were not of the same Eden, and the different climates and environments, there were "nations of different tongues and clans".

10:6 The sons of Ham were Gush, Meshech, Php, and Canaan.
10:7 The sons of Gush were Ziba, Haphelah, Zaphtha, Ramah, and Zaphtika. And the sons of Ramah were Sheba and Dedan.

8. "10:8 And Gushite begat Nimrod, who was the chief of the heroes of the world": (1) The name "Nimrod" comes from the Hebrew word [ma-radh′], which means "he who rebels, he who rebel, he who rebels". (2) Since "Nimrod" is "he who rebels, he who rebels, he who rebels", yet he is given the title of "hero of the world", it is clear that this is "antiphon". Therefore, this is a test by Yahweh to see if we have a sense of "values and outlook on life" and how we view "rebels and heroes of the world". (3) It has been proven that the world has been driven forward by countless "rebels". Without the "rebels", human society would not have been able to make the great strides it has made. Many rebels, not just Nimrod, have been revolutionaries and are truly "heroes of the world". Jesus, for example, was a "rebel", a "crucified" "rebel". Was Jesus a "hero of the world"?

9. "10:9 He was a valiant hunter before the LORD, so the proverb says, like Nimrod who was a valiant hunter before the LORD": (1) To us ordinary people, a "valiant hunter" is someone who kills many animals for meat, a hunter who hunts for a living. (1) To us ordinary people, a "valiant hunter" is one who kills many animals for meat, a hunter who hunts for a living. What about in the presence of the LORD? Is a "valiant hunter" someone who kills many animals for meat? Not necessarily. Because ordinary people are not in the same position as Yahweh, the yardstick for measuring things is not the same. (2) The LORD made man and animals and gave life to all things, and never ate meat to harm them. But the devil, who was a jackal, was making people sick and corrupting Yahweh's teaching under the guise of Yahweh. Jesus discovered that Judaism was corrupting Jehovah's teaching under the guise of Jehovah, and that it was the wolfish nature of Judaism that was harming people, so Jesus shouted out against the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". "He was a valiant hunter before the LORD, the first of the heroes of the world". (3) In Genesis 4, "Cain", who killed his brother, was also considered a "valiant hunter". This is how the LORD dealt with Cain, the "valiant hunter": "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him". Thus "Cain", who killed his brother, was "the first of the heroes of the world".
(4) "Nimrod's" father, "Gush", was the brother of "Canaan". "Nimrod was the late nephew of Kanan. "Ham was the grandfather of Nimrod, and Noah was the great-grandfather of Nimrod. (5) "Noah" was the founder of Noah's Ark and the first captain of Noah's Ark. "Shem was the second captain of Noah's Ark after Noah's retirement. "When Shem retired, his brother "Japheth" took over from his brother "Shem". He retired and his brother "Japheth" took over from his brother "Shem" and became the "third captain of Noah's ark". "When Japheth reached the age of retirement, Canaan became the fourth captain of Noah's Ark. (6) The Western world does not have the 7,000 year old Chinese Taoist "Yin and Yang Theory" and does not know the "Yin and Yang Theory" spoken by Yahweh in Genesis 1, ignoring the serpent's compulsion to Eve to "steal the forbidden fruit" in chapter 3. "He did not have the Chinese theory of the "birth of the devil from the Tao" (Christ with the devil), and did not have a deep understanding of the devil's destruction of Yahweh's teaching, let alone the fact that the devil had been destroying Yahweh's rules and teaching since the time of Noah. (7) "Noah's party" is a "rebel and hero of the world". (7) When the "captain of Noah's ark" preached to the masses about "vegetarianism, not eating meat, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, not drinking, doing righteousness, becoming Christ and living forever in heaven", the rogues, whose hearts were possessed by the devil, began to whisper their doubts and then harassed others to listen. Later, they harassed others to listen to the sermon, and later sang and danced at the "altar" where the sermon was given (the same way that hymns and prayers are sung in church today); there were also cases where people of weak will were drawn to worship the evil god Satan. This is a "normal" phenomenon encountered in Noah's Ark, for "Christ and Satan" are like "day and night "It has existed throughout the ages. It is the same cosmic rule of "day and night" that when someone preaches the truth of the LORD, there is a devil to corrupt.
(8) The devil had been destroying Yahweh's rules and teachings since the time of Noah, and in the time of Canaan, Noah's Ark was facing a great challenge and an invisible crisis. The need for an eloquent general to eliminate the threat to Noah's Ark was urgent, for from Noah to Canaan were all peasant-born men of letters who could only give the world a hard talk about the teachings of Yahweh. They lacked the authority of a great general to deter the devil from his cunning ways, and this is when "Nimrod", the "rebel of Noah's family", appeared. "Nimrod is a change from the "honest peasant of the House of Noah" to a Christ figure with "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron". "Nimrod is a martial artist like a "champion fighter" who strikes back hard against the wolves (demonic rhetoric) that threaten Noah's Ark, ensuring that Jehovah's teaching is not corrupted by the demonic crowd. (9) So the proverb says: "He was a valiant hunter before the LORD". (9) So the proverb says, "Like Nimrod, who was a valiant hunter before the Lord, such a man can be the Christ who subdues the wolves and the devils. No one can become Christ without being a "valiant hunter". The "valiant hunter" is an alternative name for "Christ".

10. "10:10 The beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and Erech, and Achor, and Kani, all in the land of Shinar": (1) "Nimrod" grew up in "Noah's ark" since his childhood, and he loved his "(1) "Nimrod" grew up in Noah's Ark, he loved his "family estate", he defended Noah's Ark to the death, and he fought back all the devil's slanders and slanders with a sharp tongue. "Nimrod was clearly qualified to be the "fifth captain of Noah's ark". (2) The area where Nimrod, the hunter, was hunting was "the territory of his country". "The Jehovah's teaching of Noah's Ark was Nimrod's "national beliefs and founding ideas". "The rules and commandments of Yahweh (killing, stealing, prostitution and drunkenness), which were handed down from Noah's ark, are Nimrod's "national laws". (3) With "national beliefs, founding ideas and legal rules", the conditions for the founding of the nation were in place. Thus it can be seen that Nimrod used his "civil and martial" (edification and precepts) to establish the first state in the Western world. (4) "Babel" is "Babylon", the "Gate of God". "Noah's ark" is the "gate of God", the gateway for Christians to become Christ. The nation of Babylon began with Noah's "Noah's Ark", the "Gate of God", and through the combined efforts of Noah's two sons (Shem and Japheth), one grandson (Canaan), and one great-grandson (Nimrod), the nation of Babylon finally came to be known as the "Gate of God". (Nimrod), the first nation of the Western world was established.
(5) The four regions were "Babel, Erech, Agag and Kadesh". (6) "Shinar" is the Hebrew word for "Babylon", later renamed "Babel". "All in the land of Shinar", all in that part of Babylon. (7) Babylon is one of the world's most famous ancient sites and the birthplace of human civilization. It is located 90 kilometres south of Baghdad, the capital of Iraq, on the right bank of the Euphrates River. It was built more than 2350 BC and is the birthplace of human civilization, alongside ancient China, India and Egypt.

11. "10:11 And he went out of the land to Assyria, and built Nineveh, Rehoboth, and Gala": (1) Assyria (Ashur) is the site of an ancient city in northern Iraq, now known as the fortress of Sherkat. It is located on the west bank of the Tigris River, 150 km south of Mosul. It was the first capital of the ancient Assyrian kingdom, and also housed the shrine of Ashur, the main god of the ancient Assyrians. It was inhabited by clans from around 2500 BC. (2) Nineveh, an early and middle Assyrian town and capital of the Assyrian Empire, was first founded by the ancient Hurrians. It was located in northern Iraq, on the eastern bank of the upper Tigris River, near present-day Mosul, Iraq, across the river from the present-day city of Mosul, which means "the greatest city before God". (3) Rehoboth means 'spacious place' or 'city street'. (4) Calah. The ancient Assyrian city of Kalhu, located at the confluence of the Dasab and Tigris rivers, about 32 kilometres south of Nineveh. Its modern name is Nimrod, in honour of its founder. (5) "Nimrod" came out of "Babylon" and went to Assyria, carrying the teachings of the Lord to "Assyria", after which he built "Nineveh, Libor and Gala". Heber and Gerarah".

12. "10:12 And Rehoboam in the midst of Nineveh and Gerar, which is the great city": Rehoboam in the midst of Nineveh and Gerar is the world-famous "Babylonian" city founded by "Nimrod". "The great city of Babylon.
10:13 the Methuselahites, the Anamites, the Rehobites, the Nephthim, and the Nephthim.
10:14 the Parthrosians, the Gathroshites, and the Gaphethites; and out of Gaphetho came the Philistines.
10:15 And Canaan bore a son, Sidon, and Hep
10:16 and the Jebusites, and the Amorites, and the Gehazites, and the
10:17 and the Hivites, and the Achaeans, and the Sinites
10:18 the Avadites, the Shemarites, and the Hamarites; and afterward the tribes of Canaan were scattered
10:19 And the realm of Canaan was from Sidon on the way to Kirar, as far as Gaza; and on the way to Sodom, Gomorrah, Bethel, and Shepheon, as far as Rasha.
10:20 These are the descendants of Ham, each according to their clan and dialect, the land and the kingdom in which they live.
10:21 And Shem the brother of Japheth, the father of the sons of Heber, he also begat sons.
10:22 And the sons of Shem were Ezra, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Ruth, and Aram.
10:23 And the sons of Aram were Uzz, and Horeb, and Kedesh, and Mash.
10:24 And Arphaxad begat Salah; and Salah begat Heber.
10:25 And Heber begat two sons, and the name of one was Pharaoh (note: it means "divided"), for in those days men dwelt in separate lands. And Pharaoh's brother's name was Joktan.
10:26 And Joktan begat Amotah, and Shaleel, and Hassamaphim, and Jera, and
10:27 Hadoram, and Uzzah, and Delah
10:28 Obaalus, Abimelech, Sheba, and
10:29 Aphek, Haphelah, and Joppa, which are the sons of Joktan.
10:30 And the place where they dwelt was from Misha as far as the mountain east of Zephath.
10:31 These are the sons of Shem, each according to their clan and dialect, the land and the kingdom in which they dwell.
32. "10:32 These were the clans of the three sons of Noah, each according to their tribe, and the kingdoms. After the flood, they were divided into kingdoms on the earth": (1) "Flood" is not the water of the lake or the sea, but a "metaphorical" word used to describe the freedom to do whatever one wants to do, the unrestrained and unrestrained. The "flood" is today's "liberalism, sexual liberation, freedom of expression", etc., and belongs to the selfish, narrow-minded, radical and excessive trend of thought advocated by the "liberals". (2) The cause of the "flood" was the ignorance of man, the tragedy of ignorance. Noah's Ark" is to promote the teachings of Jehovah in the crowd, to let people know "the good, the beautiful and the ugly", and to tell "liberals": "Your freedom cannot harm the freedom of others. Your freedom must not be based on compromising the freedom of others. The so-called "freedom" has limits and is only allowed within a certain framework, it is not unlimited. When the world has accepted the LORD's teaching and understood that "people from heaven should return to the kingdom of heaven", and become good people who are "contented, upright, good, righteous and self-sacrificing", then "Noah's Ark" will be built. Noah's Ark" has completed its "stage" and the "flood" has receded.
(3) Noah's Ark was the first systematic popularisation of Jehovah's teachings in the Western world outside of China. "Nimrod, the "valiant hunter and fifth captain of Noah's ark", sailed the ark to a large area abroad and achieved "This is why Jehovah said of Nimrod, "He is the first of the heroes of the world". (4) Jesus, the "valiant hunter", overthrew the pernicious Judaism and established Christianity, which "makes Christians into Christ". Christianity is the "ark of Jesus", the second systematic popularisation of Jehovah's teaching in the Western world outside China. (5) Just as Noah's Ark was slowly deposited in the long history of mankind, after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the "Jesus Ark" has completely completed its historical mission. After the end of the world on 21 December 2012, the "Ark of Jesus" will have completed its historical mission and a new era of the "New Nimrod" (new rebels and revolutionaries) will appear in front of the world, and a new "Noah's Ark" (the Ark of the Lamb) will go to the "Christian nations The new "Noah's Ark" (the Ark of the Lamb) will come to the "Christian nations" to spread the teachings of Jehovah in the new age. (5) There is an old Chinese saying, "The boat of the law is always in the way" (the ark is always there). For human civilization has reached a stage where new indoctrination adapted to the new age is needed to uplift the spirituality of mankind. (6) A religious "revolutionary" like Jesus, who overthrew a powerful church group, is a "valiant hunter, a hero of the world, a captain of the ark of the age", and will appear before the world in due course.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 August 2017 17:45 20 August 2017 11:00 am Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province


 ()



