Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 10 "Saul" becomes the anointed king
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
10:1 Samuel took a vial of anointing oil and poured it on Saul's head, and kissed him on the mouth, saying, "Has not the LORD anointed you king over his inheritance?
10:2 Today, after you have parted from me, you will meet two men in Gaza, near Rachel's tomb, in the land of Benjamin. They will say to you, 'The donkeys you went looking for have been found. Now your father is not worried about the donkeys, but about you, saying, "What shall I do for my son?
10:3 As you go on from there, when you come to the oak tree at his mooring, you will meet three men who are going to worship God in Bethel: one with three goat lambs, one with three loaves of bread, and one with a leather bag of wine.
10:4 And they will ask you good day and give you two loaves of bread, and you will take them from their hands.
10:5 After this you will go to the mountain of God, where there are defenders of the Philistines. And when thou art come to the city, thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the altar of Kew; and before them shall be drummers, and beaters of drums, and flute-players, and lyre-players; and they shall be inspired to speak.
10:6 And the Spirit of the LORD will move you greatly, and you will be touched and speak with them, and you will become a new man.
10:7 When this sign comes to you, then you may do it while you can, for God is with you.
10:8 You shall go down to Gilgal before me, and I will come down there to offer burnt offerings and peace offerings. You shall wait seven days until I come there and show you what you should do."
10:9 When Saul turned away from Samuel, God gave him a new heart. All these signs were fulfilled that day.
10:10 When Saul came to the mountain, a group of prophets met him, and the Spirit of God moved him greatly, and he was inspired to speak among the prophets.
10:11 When those who had known Saul saw him and the prophets speaking together, they said to one another, "What has the son of Kish met? Is Saul also listed among the prophets?"
10:12 And a man of that place said, "Who is the father of these men?" After that there was a proverb that said, "Is Saul also listed among the prophets?"
10:13 And when Saul had finished speaking with feeling, he went up to the altar of Kew.
10:14 Saul's uncle asked Saul and his servant, "Where have you gone?" The answer was, "To find a donkey. When we saw that there were no donkeys, we went to Samuel."
10:15 Saul's uncle said, "Please tell me what Samuel has said to you."
10:16 Saul said to his uncle, "He told us plainly that the donkey had been found." As for what Samuel had said about the kingdom, Saul did not tell his uncle.
10:17 And Samuel gathered the people to Jehovah of Mizpah
10:18 and said to them, "Thus says the LORD God of Israel, 'I led you Israelites out of Egypt and delivered you from the hand of the Egyptians, and from the hand of those who oppressed your nations.'
10:19 But today you have forsaken God, who delivered you from all your troubles, saying, 'Make a king over us. Now you should all stand before the LORD, according to your tribes and clans."
10:20 So Samuel made all the tribes of Israel come near and draw lots, and they drew the tribe of Benjamin.
10:21 And he brought the tribe of Benjamin near by their tribes, and drew out the tribe of Martell; and out of them he drew Saul the son of Kish. The people looked for him, but they could not find him.
10:22 Then they asked the LORD, "Has the man come here?" And the LORD said, "He has hidden himself in the utensils."
10:23 So the people ran and brought him out from there. He stood in the midst of the people, his body taller than the people by a head.
10:24 Then Samuel said to the people, "Look at the man whom the LORD has chosen; is there anyone comparable to him among the people?" Then the people shouted with a loud cheer and said, "Long live the king!"
10:25 And Samuel explained the law of the land to the people, and wrote it down in a book, and set it before the LORD. Then he dismissed the people and sent them to their homes.
10:26 And Saul went home to Gibeah, and a group of men whom God had moved followed him.
10:27 But some of the bandits said, "How can this man save us?" and despised him, and did not send him gifts; but Saul paid no attention.

Expository section.
10:10, "When Saul came to that mountain, a group of prophets met him, and the Spirit of God moved him greatly, and he was inspired to speak among the prophets." (1) This was a lie by the "priests" to confirm the truth of what "Samuel" had said earlier and to prove that "Samuel" was the spokesman of the Lord. (2) The purpose is to demonstrate the miracle of the "prophet" and to show that the "prophet" is the spokesman of Yahweh. (3) To "speak under the influence of the prophets" is to speak under the guise of Jehovah, possessed by the devil, thus achieving the effect of demagoguery.
9-38, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "10:1 The anointing oil was poured on his head, a foretaste of the power of the Holy Spirit coming upon him. The ritual of anointing a king is to remind him of his great responsibility to lead the people by God's wisdom and not by his own cleverness", Q: Is it to become a total "servant of God"? Answer: (1) Not to be a total "servant of God", but to be a servant of the "priests". (2) "Lead the people by the wisdom of God and not by your own wisdom", and the "wisdom of God" comes from the "priests", i.e. kings are to obey the "priests". The "wisdom of God" comes from the "priests", that is, kings who are subject to the "priests", who are "uncrowned kings" over kings.
9-39, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "10:20 The Israelites chose their first king by the drawing of lots. It was not Saul who was chosen by luck, but by the will of God". Answer: No. How could there have been a "lottery" in those days? It was all power that determined the positions.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited 1 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





