Bible Old Testament, 10th Psalm 2 Samuel True Exposition, 22nd Psalm of David written by the priests
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original part: this is the Psalm of David written by the Jewish priests The old David could not write it
22:1 In the day when the LORD delivered David from all his enemies and from the hand of Saul, and he recited this psalm to the LORD
22:2 saying, "The LORD is my rock, my fortress, and my deliverer.
22:3 My God, my rock, in whom I have turned. He is my shield, the horn of my salvation, my high place, my refuge. You, O my Saviour, are the one who delivers me from my rape.
22:4 I call upon the LORD, who is to be praised, so that I may be delivered from the hand of my enemies.
22:5 There have been waves of death around me, and the rapids of bandits have terrified me.
22:6 The cords of Sheol have entangled me, and the snares of death have come upon me.
22:7 In my distress I called upon the LORD, and cried out to my God. He heard my voice from the temple, and my cry came into his ears.
22:8 Then the earth shook and trembled because of his anger, and the foundations of the heavens were shaken and shaken.
22:9 And smoke came up out of his nostrils, and fire burned from his mouth, and even coals were burned.
22:10 And he made the heavens to hang down, and came down himself, and a black cloud was under his feet.
22:11 He flew on the cherubim, and appeared on the wings of the wind.
22:12 And he made darkness and gathered waters, and the thick clouds of the sky his palace around him.
22:13 For the coals of light before him were covered.
22:14 The LORD thundered from heaven, and the Most High gave voice.
22:15 He shoots out arrows, and scatters his enemies; he sends out lightning, and disturbs them.
22:16 When the rebuke of the LORD is sent, and the breath of his nostrils goes out, the bottom of the sea appears, and the foundations of the earth are revealed.
22:17 He stretched out his hand from the high heavens and took hold of me, and pulled me up out of the great waters.
22:18 He delivered me from my bitter enemies and from those who hated me, because they were stronger than I.
22:19 In the day of my calamity they came against me, but the LORD was my trust.
22:20 And he led me to a broad place; he delivered me, because he delighted in me.
22:21 The LORD has rewarded me according to my righteousness, and has rewarded me according to the cleanness of my hands.
22:22 For I have kept the word of the LORD, and have not done evil to depart from my God.
22:23 All his statutes are always before me; and his statutes I have not departed from.
22:24 I have become perfect before him; and I have kept myself from my sins.
22:25 Therefore the LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness, according to my cleanness in his sight.
22:26 The loving man, you treat him with lovingkindness; the perfect man, you treat him with perfection.
22:27 The clean man, you treat him with cleanliness; the perverse man, you treat him with crookedness.
22:28 A troubled people you will save. But your eyes have looked upon the proud, and humbled him.
22:29 You are my lamp, O LORD; the LORD will light my darkness.
22:30 Through you I have rushed into the enemy, and through my God I have leaped over the walls.
22:31 As for God, his word is perfect; the word of the LORD is refining and purifying. He is a shield for all who trust in him.
22:32 Who is God but the LORD? Who is the rock but our God?
22:33 God is my solid security; he guides the perfect in his ways.
22:34 He makes my feet as quick as the hoof of a doe, and settles me on high.
22:35 He has taught my hands to be able to fight, even my arm to open a bow of brass.
22:36 You have given me your salvation as a shield, and your gentleness has made me great.
22:37 You have made the ground broad under my feet; my feet have not slipped and fallen.
22:38 I have pursued my enemies and exterminated them, and I have not returned before they were destroyed.
22:39 I have exterminated them, and bruised them, that they may not rise; they have all fallen at my feet.
22:40 For thou hast girded my loins with strength, that I might fight; and thou hast made all that rise up against me to be subdued under me.
22:41 And you have caused my enemies to turn their backs and flee before me, that I might cut off those who hate me.
22:42 They look up, but no one saves them; they call on the LORD, and he does not answer.
22:43 I have crushed them like the dust of the earth; I have trampled them down and scattered them like the dirt of the streets.
22:44 You have delivered me from the strife of my people, and protected me as the head of the nations. A people I do not know will serve me.
22:45 The Gentiles will surrender to me, and as soon as they hear my name, they will obey me.
22:46 And the Gentiles shall be broken, and shall go out of their strongholds with fear and trembling.
22:47 The LORD is the living God. May my rock be praised; may the rock of God who saves me be exalted.
22:48 This God is the one who has done me injustice, who has brought the people under me.
22:49 You have delivered me from my enemies, and lifted me up above those who rise up against me; you have delivered me from the violent ones.
22:50 Therefore I will give thanks to you, O LORD, among the Gentiles, and sing praises to your name.
22:51 The LORD gives great salvation to the king he has made, and shows mercy to his anointed, to David and to his descendants forever."

Explanation: This article would have some credibility if it had been placed earlier before the usurpation of David's son "Absalom"
10-156, "22:1 In the day when the LORD delivered David from all his enemies and from the hand of Saul, he recited this psalm to the LORD", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) David did not write it, the "priests" (preachers) imposed it on David. (2) David knew that his own decision making was deciding his fate.
1. "22:2 The LORD is my rock, my fortress, my deliverer, 22:3 my God, my rock, in whom I have turned. He is my shield, the horn of my salvation, my high place, my refuge. You, O my Saviour, are the one who delivers me from the rapture.22:4 I will call upon the LORD, who is to be praised, so that I may be delivered from the hand of my enemies.22:5 There have been waves of death around me, and the rapids of bandits have frightened me.22:6 The cords of Sheol have entangled me, and the snares of death have come upon me.22:7 In my distress I have called upon the LORD, and cried out to my God. He has heard my voice from the temple, and my cry has entered his ears." (22:2-7) Explanation: (1) The "I" here is not "David" at all, but "the Jewish priests". The "Jehovah" here is in fact the "Satanic Devil". (2) Only a "Jewish priest" would treat "Jehovah" in this way; no king who has been born to fight for his life would rely on "Jehovah" as much as a "priest" would. (2) Only the "Jewish priests" would treat the "LORD" in this way.
2. "22:8 Then the earth shook and trembled because of his anger, and the foundations of the heavens were shaken and shaken." Explanation: (1) The "LORD" was angry because the demonic "priests" were doing wrong and killing people under his guise. (2) As long as you do not treat the LORD with respect and trembling, and cannot honestly be a servant to the LORD, the demonic priests will be angry and will say that you do not return the favour and do not honour God.

3. "22:9 Out of his nostrils smoke came up, and out of his mouth fire burned, and even coals burned. 22:10 And he made the whole world to hang down, and came in person, and a black cloud was under his feet. 22:11 And he flew in the cherubim, and appeared on the wings of the wind. 22:12 And he made darkness and gathered waters, and the thick clouds of the sky his palace round about. " (22:9-12) Explanation: (1) Does this not portray "Jehovah" as the devil? Is this not an illustration of the true nature of the devil? (2) It is a picture of "Jehovah" as a demon, a psalm written by a 20,000 year old black dragon for the "priests" (preachers). (3) Westerners only know about the theory of relativity, but they do not know that it is actually the Chinese theory of Yin and Yang. The Westerners do not know that the "black clouds, darkness and gathering water, and thick clouds in the sky" of the feminine nature are all images of the "Satanic demons" which are the opposite of the "Gods and Buddhas", so there is no No one in the West who does not have "eyes like fire" would think that this is the devil "painting" himself. "Satan" is a technique that abounds in "Lamaism", which depicts animals as demons after they have become spirit.
4. "22:13 For all the coals of light before him were covered. 22:14 The LORD thundered from heaven, and the voice of the Most High was heard." (22:13-14) (22:13-14) Explanation: (1) "For all the coals of light before him have fallen" means that any light is as dark as coal before the LORD, for it is the LORD who gives birth to the old mother of light. (2) "The LORD thunders from heaven" is a slander against the LORD, for it is not "the LORD who thunders from heaven", but the angel whom the LORD has appointed to "thunder". The holy command of Yahweh is like "thunder from heaven", a voice from the Most High. (3) The Middle Heavenly Church interprets the Book of Revelation and the Book of Genesis so that Christians may become the infallible law of Christ circulating in the world, which is the holy command of the LORD.

5. "22:15 He shoots out arrows and scatters his enemies; he sends out lightning and disturbs them. 22:16 When the rebuke of the LORD is sent, when the breath of his nostrils comes out, the bottom of the sea appears, and the foundations of the earth are revealed. 22:17 He reaches out from high heaven and takes hold of me, and pulls me up out of the great waters." (22:15-17) Explanation: (1) This is the protector of "Yahweh", punishing the "Satanic demons" who are killing lives, and not "Yahweh" himself. (2) "He shot out arrows" is not "Jehovah" himself, but "Jehovah's" guardian angel. (3) "When the rebuke of the LORD is sent, the breath comes out of his nostrils" is a metaphor and not true. (4) The angel of the law of the LORD reached down from the high heavens and grabbed me and pulled me (Satan's demon) up out of the great waters.

6. "22:18 He delivered me from my enemies and from those who hated me, for they were stronger than I." (1) Christ, who has eyes like a flame of fire, is "my archenemy" and Christians are "those who hate me" because I am the satanic demon. (2) The LORD has given me the wisdom not to depend on him, but to become a Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", so that the LORD may "deliver me from my enemies and from those who hate me", for they are demons! I will be stronger than them when I am strong and become the Christ.
7. "22:19 In the day of my calamity they came against me, but the LORD is my trust." (1) "The day of my calamity" is to sharpen my fortitude, and "they came against me" is to test my strength. (2) Through "calamities and attacks" we compromise and remain true to our nature, knowing that I myself am my support.
8. "22:20 And he led me to a broad place, and he delivered me, because he was pleased with me." (1) The fact that you have not become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" means that the LORD has not led you to a broad place, nor has he delivered you, nor will he be pleased with you, for you are nothing more than a devil's slave who fears "the LORD " and you are nothing more than a devilish lackey who fears the "LORD". (2) Both you Jews and Christians slander the gods other than "Yahweh" as "unholy", not knowing that the gods of other religions are angels sent by Yahweh, which means that "Yahweh "You do not know that the gods of other religions are angels sent by the LORD, which means that the LORD has not led you to a wide place, but to a narrow place. You do not listen to the advice and cannot reflect on your misconceptions, nor can the "LORD" deliver you from the evil one.

9. "22:21 The LORD has rewarded me according to my righteousness, and according to the cleanness of my hands. 22:22 For I have kept the word of the LORD, and have not done evil to depart from my God. 22:23 All his statutes are always before me; and I have not departed from his statutes. 22:24 I have become perfect before him; and I have kept myself from my iniquities. 22:25 Therefore the LORD has rewarded me according to my righteousness, according to my cleanness in his sight." (1) If you don't know which demons are in the Bible under the guise of "Jehovah", if you don't know that the Jewish priests were all demons in disguise, and if you haven't become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", then you don't know what You do not know what "righteousness, cleanliness, the word of the LORD, the law, the perfect man, and sin" are, and the LORD cannot "reward you or reward you" because you are "of the hour of Satan". (2) You will know what "righteousness, cleanliness, the word of the LORD, the statutes, the perfect man, and sin" is only if you can interpret the Book of Revelation and Genesis and become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". "You become a Christ like Jesus, who called the Judaizers "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", who died as if they had died, so that the LORD could "reward you and reward you". Do you understand? Christians.

10. "22:26 The loving man, you treat with lovingkindness; the perfect man, you treat with perfection; 22:27 the clean man, you treat with cleanliness; the perverse man, you treat with crookedness." (1) Here the categories of people are not finished. How do you treat a person who promotes satanic indoctrination under the guise of "Jehovah"? What do you do with the devil who takes "burnt offerings" of animals to Yahweh, who does not eat, let alone eat meat? (2) Genesis 4: "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": (1) "And he who kills Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold", because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD", and also killed The brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" shows that Yahweh rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills a man who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh will be protected by Yahweh. (b) "So the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD", and also killed his brother who "offered the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". "This shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice them" to the LORD will be given priority protection by the LORD. (c) Heaven is not a place of killing, it is a source of life, a place where life is nurtured, not a "slaughterhouse" at all! The angels in heaven "eat the wind and drink the dew" and do not eat at all, for they are themselves a breath of fresh air. Jehovah is the "energy group" that gives birth to the life of the universe. Jehovah does not eat at all and is not an "animal that likes to eat meat", let alone a "beast that has to eat animals all day long to fill its stomach He is not a "meat-loving animal" or a "beast that eats animals all day long to fill its stomach". Therefore, anyone who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Yahweh is a devil who slanders and insults Yahweh, who gave birth to life, with his words and actions of "cruelty to life". (4) Anyone who kills a person who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to the LORD is the LORD's Christ and Judge on earth, and will receive the LORD's focused protection. (3) See? What do you do with the devil who takes a "burnt offering" of animals to the LORD? How you treat the devil who takes a "burnt offering" of animals to Yahweh depends on what kind of person you are. If you are "of Satan's time", you will harbour Judaism; if you are Christ, you will rebuke Judaism as a devilish group. Do you understand? Religious people.

11. "22:28 You will save a people in distress. But your eyes behold the proud and humble him." : (1) Because there are "angels and Satan", there are two kinds of "distressed people". One is the good and righteous people who are undergoing trials, and such good people the Lord "will save". The other kind is the bad people who are being punished for their sins and who are suffering from hardship, and the LORD "will not save" them. Those who "save" blindly, without distinguishing the cause, must not be "Jehovah", but the devil's minions. (2) You tell the "proud man" that he has not yet become the Christ like Jesus, which means that he does not have the capital to be "proud", so that he can be humbled.
12. "22:29 O LORD, you are my lamp; the LORD will light my darkness." (1) Knowing that the "priests" of Judaism were "satanic demons" who kidnapped "Jehovah" to create sins through God, it was "the lamp of Jehovah that was lighting The "lamp of Yahweh is shining", shining through the darkness and foolishness of the Western world. (2) The fact that there was not a second Jesus in the Western world after Jesus who called Judaism a demonic group shows that Jehovah did not illuminate the darkness of the Western world and that there is no "lamp of Jehovah" in the Western world. There is no second Jesus in the church groups of the Western world, which means that all the churches are devilish groups under the guise of Jehovah.
13. "22:30 Through you I have rushed into the enemy's army, and through my God I have leaped over the walls." (1) Look at the book of 1 Samuel, where Israel, through the "ark of the covenant of God" brought by Eli's two sons, not only failed to win the battle, but was defeated by the enemy, and Israel became a "vassal state and colony" that could not have weapons. (2) You, the minion of the devil, will die by the hand of the enemy when you rush into the enemy's army through the "LORD". You, the minion of the devil, through your god "Jehovah" will not be able to jump over the wall, but will let the wall smash your dog's head in. (3) It is not through the LORD that I can become a hero by rushing into the enemy's army with determination to win. It is not through the LORD, but through my wisdom, that I can be a hero who leaps over the wall.

14. "22:31 As for God, his word is perfect; the word of the LORD is refining and purifying. And whoever trusts in him, he is their shield." : (1) "As for God, his word", it's all in the Book of Revelation. If you can't interpret the Book of Revelation, if you misinterpret the Book of Revelation, you don't know what the "Word of God" is. If you become the second Jesus to call Judaism a devilish group, then you know what "as for God, His Word" is; if you do not become the second Jesus to call Judaism a devilish group, then you do not know what "the Word of God" is. You have not become the Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and you have not overthrown the whole of Judaism and Christianity in word and deed, which means that you do not know what the "Word of God" is. This means that you are a minion of the devil who has taken the "devil's way" for the "word of God" and does not know it. (2) If you cannot interpret the Book of Revelation, if you misinterpret the Book of Revelation, you do not know what "the word of the Lord" is, and you will take the "word of the devil" as "the word of the Lord You will take the words of the devil for the words of the Lord. You have not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and you have not overthrown the whole of Judaism and Christianity, which means that you do not know what "the word of the LORD" is. This means that you are a minion of the devil who takes the "word of the devil" as the "word of the LORD" and does not know it. (3) The words of Jesus, which were put to death by the Jewish church, are the purifying words. There is no word of Jehovah in the Jewish "priests and preachers", nor is there a word of purification. They are all "Satanic and demonic" words, words that make people "wretched sinners". (4) "He will be a shield to all who trust in him" are the words of the devil to create "minions of the LORD", which is the opposite of "the infallible indoctrination of man into Christ". This is the very opposite of "making men the infallible edification of Christ". The "LORD" becomes your shield and your "idol", and you become a slave who plays with your "idol". The LORD's correction is to make people into Christ, not to make idolatrous minions at all. Do you understand now? Westerners who read the Bible.

15. "22:32 Who is God but the LORD? Who is the rock but our God?" : (1) Who is God but Yahweh? We ourselves are God, for "God created man in his own likeness". Without us men, no one would know Yahweh even if there were a Yahweh; Yahweh is only recognized by us men as Yahweh the God. Who, you say, is the master of the universe? (2) Who is the Rock but our God? We ourselves are the rock, for we are the children of God. It is God who has nurtured us, so we are not servants of God at all, but children of God. (3) The Lord's saying that we are "God's servants" is a "test" of our wisdom, and if you deny the Lord's saying that we are "God's servants", you will become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". "The "church group" says that we are "servants of God", but this is the devil's way of deceiving us and separating us from our mother-child relationship with God. If you accept what the "church group" says, you become a "servant of the devil".
16. "22:33 God is my surety, who guides all men in his way. 22:34 He makes my feet as swift as a doe's hoof, and keeps me safe on high." : (1) "His ways", that is, "the Word of God", are in the Book of Revelation. If you cannot interpret the Book of Revelation, if you misinterpret the Book of Revelation, you do not know what the "Word of God, the perfect man" is, you are not a "perfect man", and you cannot make God your surety. (2) If you have not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", you do not know what the "Word of God, the perfect man" is, and you are not "perfect". You are not a "perfect man", nor can you make God your surety. (3) If you have not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", it means that your feet are as slow as a cow's hoof, and that you are worshipping and sacrificing in a devil's cave, which means that you are a devil's servant who has "made a thief his father". You are a minion of the devil, who has "taken the thief for his father".

17. "22:35 He taught me that my hands are able to fight, even my arms are able to open a bronze bow. 22:36 You gave me your salvation as a shield, and your gentleness made me great. 22:37 You made the ground broad under my feet; my feet have not slipped." (1) If you have not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", you cannot fight, for you cannot even know where the enemy is, and a slave like you can only shoot yourself and your friends and family with a bronze bow. (2) You dare not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and you dare not reveal the true nature of the devil in the "church group", which means that you have not received God's salvation, nor do you have a shield, nor can you You cannot be great. God is only gentle with Christ, and you will not be gentle with Christ until you are Christ, nor can you be great. (3) You "Judaism and Christianity" both stigmatise gods other than the Lord as "unholy", and you do not have the sense that "pagan gods" are angels sent by the Lord to edify one side. This means that you do not know that the LORD is the common mother of all gods, that the LORD has not made the ground broad under your feet, and that your feet have slipped and fallen.
18. "22:38 I have pursued my enemies and exterminated them, and I have not returned before they were destroyed. 22:39 I have exterminated them and wounded them so that they could not rise up; they have all fallen under my feet. 22:40 For you have girded my loins with strength, that I might fight; and you have caused all those who rise up against me to be subdued under me. 22:41 And you have caused my enemies to turn their backs and flee before me, that I might cut off those who hate me. 22:42 They looked up, but no one saved them; even when they called on the LORD, he did not answer them. 22:43 I crushed them like the dust of the ground; I trampled them down and scattered them on the ground like the dirt in the streets." (1) This is to say that because of the age of "David" in his prime, "David" in his old age would not be able to do it, so that everyone "feared to put out the lamp of Israel". (2) This is all "Satanic demons" portraying a fire between demons. (3) This is what the merciful LORD does not want to see, for the LORD does not want to destroy any life, for all creatures in heaven and earth are the children of the LORD.

19. "22:44 You have delivered me from the strife of my people and protected me as the head of the nations. 22:45 The Gentiles will surrender to me, and as soon as they hear my name, they will obey me. 22:46 The Gentiles will be broken, and will go out of their strongholds with fear and trembling." : (1) The Lord did not deliver David from the rivalry of the people, nor did He protect David as head of the nations. "David, by his unrivalled valour, had separated himself from the rivalry of the people and made himself "the head of Israel" instead of "the head of the nations". The people who did not know David were worshipping him because they had heard of his fame. There were also those who insulted David and forced him to abdicate. (2) "The Gentiles will surrender to me, and as soon as they hear my name, they will obey me" is an attack of insanity on the part of the "priests". David had no such delusions, for David knew that the Gentiles did not know his name. (3) "The Gentiles will go out of their strongholds in fear and trembling" is the delusion of the "priests". David never had such thoughts.
20. "22:47 The LORD is the living God. May my rock be praised; may the rock of God who saves me be exalted. 22:48 This God is he who has done me injustice, who has brought the people under me. 22:49 You have delivered me from my enemies, and have lifted me up above those who rise up against me; you have delivered me from the rapists." (1) This is all about the mindset of the "priests" themselves. For it was only because "Jehovah is a living God" and not an unspiritual "idol" that they, the "priests", had the miraculous power and the ability to deceive people. Only when "the LORD is praised and honoured" will they, the "priests", be honoured. (2) "To make the people minions under me" and to make the "priests" "a pope of the church" is the common goal of all "priests This is the common goal of all "priests" and demons. Everyone knows that the "priests" are frauds who kidnap "Jehovah" for personal gain, and that this God is the one who will redress the grievances of the "priests". (3) "Deliver me from my enemies, and lift me up above those who rise up against me; you deliver me from the rapists" is the mentality of the "priest" who is a thief.

21. "22:50 Therefore I will give thanks to you, O LORD, and sing praises to your name among the Gentiles. 22:51 The LORD gives great salvation to the king he has made, and shows mercy to his anointed, to David and to his descendants forever." (1) You, "Judaism and Christianity", who denigrate the "pagan gods" of the Gentiles as "unholy", will not be accepted by the Gentiles, nor will the Gentiles accept your Your "LORD" will not be accepted by the Gentiles, and your "LORD" will be regarded by the Gentiles as an "unholy" devil. If you "give thanks to the LORD among the Gentiles and sing praises to the name of the LORD", the Gentiles will think that you are a "Gentile who is having a fit of insanity and is a devil". (2) The anointing of the kings of the Jews by the "priests" was a farce that the "priests" had to make in the early days of the kingship when they could not stand the public opinion. (3) "David and his descendants" were puppets kidnapped by the Jewish priests to "promote the teachings of Judaism". It is by using some historical facts about the kings and transforming them into "prophets of Judaism" through textual manipulation that creates a "celebrity effect" so that the common people will learn about Judaism and become the minions of the "prophets". "prophets.
22. Q: Was this written by David? How old was the author at the time? Answer: (1) It was not written by David. (2) It was written by a descendant, a Jewish "priest" (preacher) of about 40 years of age, who was inspired by a black dragon demon with a 20,000 year old path. (2) If this text had been written before the usurpation of David's son, Absalom, it would have some credibility, for David, in his prime, could have been as grand as the Psalms. But after his son's usurpation, David's position in the nation's heart had been shaken, and he was too old to be able to have the same kind of passion as the Psalmist, "lest the lamp of Israel be extinguished.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on April 1, 2017 Edited November 7, 2017 by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





