Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 7) Angel from the Land of the Rising Sun
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 4 The forehead of the servant of God is printed (7:1-8)
27-7:1, "7:1 After this I saw four angels standing at the four corners of the earth, ruling over the four winds of the earth, so that the wind would not blow on the earth or on the sea or on the trees": (1) The four angels did not stand in the "four proper directions" (east, west, north, south, east and southwest), but in the (1) The four angels do not stand in the "four corners" of the earth (northwest, northeast, southeast and southwest); the four angels standing at the four corners of the earth do not rule the winds of the "four corners" of the earth, but the winds of the four directions; this means that the "four angels "The four angels stand at the four corners of the earth and do not rule the winds of the four corners of the earth, but the winds of the four directions. (2) "That the winds may not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on the trees", and that the eight winds may blow exclusively on the people, so that they may not be able to distinguish between east and west, north and south. (3) The "four angels" deliberately "set the winds" to test the wisdom of man. The "winds" they let loose are various "reflexes, metaphors, similes, falsehoods, delusions and demonic heresies" to see if people are "blindly following the wind". If you follow the wind blindly without distinguishing right from wrong, without a clear mind, without independent thinking, without "eyes like a flame", you will play the farce of "the opposite of what is true" without knowing it. (4) The whole of the Bible is in the Bible. (4) There are all kinds of "winds" throughout the Bible, some spoken by the Lord, some by the priests, and some by Jesus, and if you do not have "eyes like a flame", you will be "obstructed by words" and "obstructed by winds". If you do not have "eyes like a flame of fire", you will be hindered by the "word barrier", and you will be blown by the wind, not knowing right from wrong, confused in your mind, blindly listening to superstition, and becoming a slave to the law.

27-7:2, "7:2 And I saw another angel, coming from the land of the rising sun, bearing the seal of the living God. And he cried out to the four angels who had authority to harm the earth and the sea, saying: (1) "Another angel came from the land of the rising sun", and the "land of the rising sun" was not the West, but the East of the world, China. This angel is the Lamb. (2) "holding the seal of the living God" means that he is the true Son of God, the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang), who has been appointed by God to preach the Law. Only he is qualified to preach to his disciples, and only his disciples have the "immortality" recognised by God, and only with the "immortality" recognised by God are they "legitimate" and have the opportunity to become Christ. The opportunity to become Christ. Any disciple who is not a disciple of the Lamb does not have an "immortal title", but is a devil in hell. (3) "Taking the seal of the living God" is called "passing on the lineage of the law and the ancestral lineage" in China. He who "bears the seal of the living God" is called a "Taoist ancestor". Only those who have become Christ, and are of the highest rank, can receive the "Seal of the Living God" and are qualified to pass it on to their disciples. (4) To "bear the seal of the living God" is to have the state of Jesus. Without the state of Jesus, there is no "bearing the seal of the living God". "If you take the seal of the living God, you will have the state of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Without the state of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and motherhood in one", there is no "taking the seal of the living God". (5) Those who have not become Christ themselves, nor have they received the "seal of the living God", but who pass on disciples because they are the inheritors of a certain sect, are all messengers of the devil. In the post-2012 era, all kinds of sects, with the exception of the Lamb's Midheaven Church, are devilish groups because they do not have the "seal of the living God". (6) "Then he cried out to the four angels who had authority to harm the earth and the sea, saying", indicating that "the four angels who had authority to harm the earth and the sea" were to obey his (the Lamb's) command not to harm the disciples who had received his Baiyang teaching.
Watchman Nee: The name of the Lord Jesus here - "the messenger" - is an Old Testament name, which shows that the Lord has immediately returned to his Old Testament position. " for many years for speaking nonsense. (2) The "Lord Jesus" did not come "from the land of the rising sun" at all, but "from the land of the setting sun", why do you not even understand this? This means that your wisdom has been blinded by the devil, and that the education you have received is the devil's brainwashing education, in which the devil "calls the wrong a right and the wrong a horse" and reduces you to animals. Because the devil has given you what you want, you have all sold your conscience, and so you have all willingly given the devil your voice. (3) The Book of Revelation is about the "revelation" after the "New Testament", the time when the "Lord Jesus" is no longer the "Lord of the Church (3) The Book of Revelation speaks of the "revelation" after the "New Testament", the time when the "Lord Jesus" is no longer the "Lord of the Church", the "White Sun Age" when the "Lamb" presides over the edification, and your blindness to such a fact shows that you are all of a distorted mentality and that you are all shameless devils in disguise. "Seeing that the Lord immediately returned to the status of the Old Testament" is the devil's way of slandering and insulting Jesus, who was the revolutionary who overthrew the "Old Testament" and opened the "New Testament". It is impossible for Jesus to "return to the status of the Old Testament".
Watchman Nee: "Another angel ...... holds the seal of the living God", which must be placed in the hands of God's closest trustee, and the Lord Jesus is the first in whom God can trust. How Pharaoh gave the seal into the hand of Joseph, so God gave his seal to the Lord Jesus": (1) Jesus alone in Christianity became "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, and with a rod of iron", so that there was "another angel ...... holds the seal of the living God", which means that Christianity has been outlawed by God, because Christianity is not the cradle that makes "Christ", but the demonic group that makes "the priest's lamb (2) "The Lord Jesus is the very Lord of the world. (2) "The Lord Jesus is the very first in whom God can trust", such words are said by shameless devils, for there are many who predate "the Lord Jesus, whom God can trust", and because they are not in Christianity, they are ignored by Christianity, showing that Christianity is full of shameless people. They are shameless people. Christians who do not seek the truth, who blindly compete with the world's religions for first place, who reject and vilify any denomination, who have abandoned their minimal "historical perspective", are all handicapped and brainwashed by the devil. (3) "The Lord Jesus is not at all the first of the divine trusts, but one of them" is a rational and reasonable explanation. (4) After the "end of the world", the Book of Revelation is interpreted by the angel "from the land of the rising sun", and the Lord Jesus is no longer a trustee of God, because after more than two thousand years of development and progress in human society, "Christianity The "Christian religion" was no longer adequate to educate the modern man of the White Sun, so there appeared an angel (lamb) "from the land of the rising sun" who "held the seal of the living God" and was not at all "from the land of the setting sun". (5) "How did Pharaoh come to be a man? (5) The words "how Pharaoh gave the seal into the hand of Joseph, and God likewise delivered his seal to the Lord Jesus" are all "ecstasy" spread by the devil. For everyone knows that "God's seal was delivered to the Lord Jesus" for a maximum of thirty years, for Jesus lived only thirty years. During the period of Constantine the Great (272-337), Christianity entered the "papal age" and the "teaching of Jesus" was slowly and fully replaced by the "teaching of the faithful".

27-7:3, "7:3 You shall not harm the earth and the sea and the trees, until we have sealed the sum of the servants of our God": (1) "You shall not harm the earth and the sea and the trees", but you may harm the "Lamb" (the Bereans) who does not accept it. (1) "The earth and the sea and the trees, you shall not harm" may harm those who do not accept the teachings of the "Lamb" (the Lord of the White Sun). (2) After the "end of the world", mankind has entered a new and unprecedented era, and the "mono-specialist" religion of a thousand or two years ago is no longer able to teach the highly civilized modern man, and it is impossible for the highly civilized modern man to practise the "mono-specialist" religion of a thousand or two years ago. It would be extremely biased and retrograde to allow highly civilised modern people to practise the "mono-specialist" religion of a thousand or two years ago, and therefore "we the gods" have authorised the "Lamb" (Lord Baisang) to preside over the edification, so that the "servants of our God" are all "the servants of our God". The servants of our God" are all disciples of the "Lamb" (Lord Bainyang) and not of "a particular sect". (3) A person who no longer believes in a single religion of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and who has accepted the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the return of the mother to her roots" of the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang). (4) Those who do not believe in the "Lamb" (Lord Baisyang), and who have received the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the mother to the root", will have the "seal of our God to all His servants" on their foreheads. (4) Those who do not believe in the teachings of the Lamb, and who remain faithful in a certain religion, and who have not accepted the Lamb's (Baisang's) "three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to mother", will have the "seal of our God to all His servants" on their foreheads. Those who have not accepted the teachings of the Lamb (Lord Baiyang) of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and motherhood in one" do not have the "seal of our God for all servants" on their foreheads, and they will be harmed by the "four angels".
"Watchman Nee: In Old Testament times, every people was a servant (1 Sam. 8:17, 17:8; 1 Kings 10:5-8)": (1) The Jewish priests in "Old Testament times" were all devils in disguise, so Jesus called them "Jesus was the revolutionary who died to overthrow the "Old Testament era" and open the "New Testament era". (2) The Jewish priests described each people as "servants of God", but in reality they were "servants" of the priests, for the priests were the "kings of the church and state". This is the reason why the priests slandered and abused kings (Saul, David, etc.) in the "Old Testament" after the emergence of kings and the separation of church and state].

27-7:4, "7:4 And I heard that the number of the tribes of Israel that were sealed was 144,000": (1) Genesis 32:28: And the man said, "Let your name be called no more Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men. Therefore, not "singing hymns and prayers" and not being a "priest's lamb" is what makes you "victorious in your wrestling with God and with men". This is what it means to be an "Israelite". It is "Israel" who has become "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron". (2) Any sect whose doctrine makes one "Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron" (the Great Sage with "eyes of fire and a golden rod"), regardless of the country in which it is located and whether it is recognized by the state or not, is an "Israelite". Such a sect is "the tribe of Israel". (3) "Singing hymns and prayers" and becoming "priest's lambs" is a sign of "losing the battle with God and man" and losing it all. They are not only not "Israelites", but minions of Satan. (4) "Those who have been sealed among the tribes of Israel" are those who have accepted the "Lamb's" (the Lord of the White Sun) teaching of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Anyone who has not received the "three religions, five religions, one family, and motherhood" of the Lamb is not "sealed among the tribes of Israel".

27-7:5, "7:5 And there were twelve thousand of the tribe of Judah sealed; twelve thousand of the tribe of Reuben; twelve thousand of the tribe of Gad": (1) Gen 29:35 And she conceived and bore a son, and said, "This time I will praise the LORD"; therefore she called his name Judah (that is, praise the LORD). So she called his name Judah (which means praise, the praised one). Judah was the fourth son born to Jacob and Leah, and his father prophesied that his brothers would praise him. The "tribe of Judah" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (the Berean Patriarch) accepted around the world. The "tribe of Judah" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Any denomination that has not been converted by the Lamb is not a "tribe of Judah". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to illustrate the same cultural origin as China. (2) Reuben (Lupin) was the firstborn son of Jacob, the ancestor of the Israelites, born of Leah, the eldest daughter of Laban. Reuben means "to have a son". Leah named her firstborn son Reuben. Genesis 35 describes Reuben as having shared a bed with Jacob's concubine, Pella, and his firstborn rights were transferred to Joseph. The "tribe of Reuben" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (the Berean Patriarch), which are accepted all over the world. The "Lupinites" here are not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Any denomination that has not been converted by the Lamb is not a "Lupinite". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate a cultural connection with China. (3) Genesis 30:9-11 When Leah saw that she had ceased to bear children, she gave her concubine, Sephardic, to Jacob. And Sephardah, Leah's envoy, bore Jacob a son. And Leah said, Hail. So he called his name Gad (which means "fortunate"). The "tribe of Gad" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (Lord Baisano) accepted around the world. The "Gadites" here are not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and motherhood in one. Any denomination that has not been converted by the Lamb is not a "Gadite". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate the same cultural origin as China. To the Chinese, "Jehovah" means: the Jesuits of the Western world, who have come to harmonize with the Chinese teaching of the Lamb.

27-7:6, "7:6 And there were twelve thousand of the tribe of Asher; and twelve thousand of the tribe of Naphtali; and twelve thousand of the tribe of Manasseh": (1) Gen 30:12-13 And Zephaniah's daughter Sephardah, the envoy of Leah, gave Jacob a second son. And Leah said, "Blessed am I, and all the women shall call me blessed", and called his name Asher (which means blessed). The "tribe of Asher" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (Lord Baishiang) accepted around the world. The "Asherites" here are not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baiyang) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and motherhood in one. Any denomination that has not accepted the teachings of the Lamb is not a "tribe of Asher". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate a cultural connection with China. (2) Genesis 30:7-8 Rachel's maid, Pella, conceived again and gave Jacob a second son. Rachel said, "I fought greatly with my sister and won", and named him Naphtali (which means "fought"). The "tribe of Naphtali" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (the Berean Patriarch) accepted around the world. The "tri-religion" is not the "Israelites" of today, but the denominations around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions and the return of the mother to her roots. Any denomination that has not accepted the teachings of the Lamb is not a "tribe of Naphtali". The "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate a cultural connection with China. (3) Manasseh was originally the son of Joseph, not the son of Jacob, and his name means, "God has made me forget all my misery and my father's house." But he became one of the twelve tribes as a result of his father being given primogeniture. The "tribe of Manasseh" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (the Berean Patriarch) accepted throughout the world The "tribe of Manasseh" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have embraced the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Any denomination that has not been converted by the Lamb is not a Manasseh. The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate the same cultural origin as China. To the Chinese, "Jehovah" means: the Jesuits of the Western world, who have come to harmonize with the Chinese teaching of the Lamb.

27-7:7, "7:7 And there were twelve thousand of the tribe of Simeon; and twelve thousand of the tribe of Levi; and twelve thousand of the tribe of Issachar": (1) Gen 29:33 And she conceived and bore a son, and said, "Because the LORD heard that I had fallen out of favour, he gave me this son again ", and called his name Simeon (which means heard). The "tribe of Simeon" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (the Baisang Patriarch) accepted around the world. The "Simeonites" here are not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Any denomination that has not accepted the teachings of the Lamb is not a "Simeonite". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate a cultural connection with China. (2) And Leah conceived and bore a son, and called his name Levi (which means union), saying, I have given my husband three sons, and he will be united with me. The tribe of Levi was the priesthood of the whole house of Israel, later called the Levites. The "tribe of Levi" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "Lamb" (Lord Baisano) who is accepted all over the world as "one in three religions". The "tribe of Levi" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have embraced the "Lamb's" (Lord Baiyang) "three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to mother". Any denomination that has not been converted by the Lamb is not a "tribe of Levi". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate a cultural connection with China. (3) Genesis 30:14-18 And Jacob slept with her. God promised Leah, and she conceived and gave Jacob his fifth son. Leah said, "God has given me worth, for I have given my husband my handmaid", and she named him Issachar (which means worth). The "tribe of Issachar" is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (Lord Baisano) accepted around the world. The "tribe of Issachar" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Any denomination that has not accepted the teachings of the Lamb is not a "tribe of Issachar". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate the same cultural origin as China. To the Chinese, "Jehovah" means: the Jesuits of the Western world, who have come to harmonize with the Chinese teaching of the Lamb.

27-7:8, "7:8 And there were twelve thousand of the tribe of Zebulun; and twelve thousand of the tribe of Joseph; and twelve thousand of the tribe of Benjamin who were sealed": (1) Gen 30:19-20 And Leah conceived and gave birth to a sixth son to Jacob. She said, "God has rewarded me well; my husband will dwell with me, for I have given him six sons", and she named him Zebulun (which means to dwell with). The "tribe of Zebulun" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (the Berean Patriarch) accepted around the world. The "Zebulun tribe" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but those around the world who have accepted the "Lamb's" (Lord Baisano) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Any denomination that has not accepted the teachings of the Lamb is not a "Zebulun sect". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches" and to illustrate the same cultural origin as China. (2) Genesis 30:22-24 And God was mindful of Rachel and promised her that she might bear children. Rachel conceived and bore a son and said, "God has taken away my shame" and named him Joseph (which means to add to), which means, "May the Lord add another son to me." The "tribe of Joseph" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the people of the world who have accepted the "Lamb's" (the Baisang Patriarch) "unity of the three religions, the The "tribe of Joseph" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the sects around the world that have embraced the "Lamb's" (Lord Baiyang) "three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to mother". Any denomination that has not accepted the teachings of the Lamb is not a "tribe of Joseph". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate a cultural connection with China. (3) Genesis 35:16-18 As they were travelling from Bethel, they were still some way from Ephraim, and Rachel was in labour. While it was difficult, the midwife said to her, "Do not be afraid; you are going to have another son." When she was about to die and her soul was about to go, she named her son Benoni; but his father named him Benjamin. Yamin ("right") means happiness and prosperity and, in Arabic, good fortune. The "tribe of Benjamin" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the "three religions" of the "Lamb" (the Lord of the White Sun) accepted around the world. The "tribe of Benjamin" here is not the "Israelites" of today, but the denominations around the world that have accepted the "Lamb's" (the Baishian) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Any denomination that has not been converted by the Lamb is not a "tribe of Benjamin". The number "twelve thousand" is a multiple of the twelve Chinese branches of the earth, in order to remind foreigners of the "twelve Chinese branches of the earth" and to indicate the same cultural origin as China. To the Chinese, "Jehovah" means: the man of Jesus in the Western world, who comes to fulfil the Chinese teaching of the Lamb.

Revelation 7: Countless people stand before the throne (7:9-15)
27-7:9, "7:9 After this I looked and saw a great multitude, which no one could number, from every nation, tribe, people and people, standing before the throne and before the Lamb, clothed in white, with palm branches in their hands": (1) "from every nation, tribe, people and people " are not Christian believers at all, for "standing before the throne and the Lamb" means that they are practising the "three religions, the five religions, and the mother to the roots" of the Lamb (the Berean Patriarch) (1) "The new Christ (Qi Tian Da Sheng) who practises the teachings of the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang) of "the unity of the three religions, the five religions and the return of the mother to her roots". (2) "Clothed in white" is a metaphor for the one who has accepted the "Lamb's" (Baisyang's) "three religions in one, five religions in one, and acknowledgement of his mother's roots", and has returned to heaven, not at all The "white colour of the garment". The fact that the Christian people are really wearing "white clothes" means that they are all blind and "earless", which is a sign that Christianity is an ugly group of demons. (3) The "palm branches in their hands" indicate that they have been taught by the "muzi" to "recognize their ancestors and their mother's roots". The name of the Lamb, a master of Baiyang, contains words related to trees. For example: Li. Mark 11:8 Many spread their clothes on the road, and some cut down the branches of the trees in the field and spread them on the road. "The term "branches of the field" has been replaced by "branches of palm trees", which is a sign that Christianity is a demonic group. "Mark 11:1-10" in the Gospel of Mark is a demonic heresy added by the church].
27-7:9, [Interpretation of the "Spiritual Version"] "7:9 Who are the innumerable crowd? Some say they are the martyrs mentioned in chapter 6:9, but it could also be the 144,000 just mentioned. God sealed those 144,000 before the great persecution began; as God had promised, they would receive eternal life. They had been prepared before, so that they would now be victorious. This great multitude in heaven is a combination of people who have been faithful to God through the ages. The true believer does not have to worry about which group he belongs to, but God will surely protect each one of us, and we will surely be with Him": (1) The martyrs referred to in chapter 6:9 are "the souls of those who were killed for the word of God and for their testimony", and they are direct ascendants to heaven, for they are all "They will come down to earth in the White Sun to receive the "White Sun of the Lamb, the unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions and the return of the mother to her roots", in order to be truly perfected and to be able to achieve irrevocability. (2) This large group of people in heaven is not a combination of people who have been faithful to God throughout the ages, but are disciples of the Lamb. (3) The true believer need not worry about which group he belongs to, for they are all hellish spirits, for they are all "ministering lambs", not Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", much less The disciples of the "Lamb" (the Bishop of Baiyang). (4) God must not protect each one of us, for God does not go to save his only Son, Jesus. By the fact that "God does not save his only Son Jesus", we never presume that others will save us, but rather we use great wisdom to save ourselves, which is the "value of Jesus". If we fail to realise these truths and continue to hope for God's salvation, Jesus' death would be worthless.

27-7:10, "7:10 And he cried out with a loud voice, saying, "May salvation be to our God who sits on the throne and to the Lamb": (1) Our great desire to return to heaven has finally been fulfilled, and the great merit of our salvation is due to our God who sits on the throne, if God had not "opened new fortunes, set up new religions, and preached new laws". If it were not for God's "opening of a new movement, a new religion, and a new law", we would not have been able to return to heaven. (2) The great merit of our salvation also goes to the Lamb, for if it were not for the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang) who woke us up by preaching the "Baiyang Dharma", we would have been reduced to the "priest's lambs" and would not have been able to escape from the devil's cave. We would not have been able to escape from the devil's cave, but would have become slaves to the law, dead and buried in the old law boat.
27-7:11, "7:11 And all the angels stood around the throne and the elders and the four living creatures, and before the throne they fell on their faces to the ground and worshipped God": for the one true God is the mother of all gods and goddesses, the mother of the universe, not only of Christianity but of the whole human race. It is the Chinese Buddha of Immeasurable Life, the Mother of the Immortals, the God of Light, the Allah of Islam.
27-7:12, "7:12 says: "Amen! Praise, glory, wisdom, thanksgiving, honour, power and might be to our God for ever and ever. Amen!" (1 Corinthians 2:1): Because "the Word is invisible, born without name; the people use it daily without knowing it", Christianity does not know that the only true God is the "one and twofold" Lifeless Mother and Lifeless Father.
27-7:13, "7:13 One of the elders asked me, "Who are these who are clothed in white? Where did they come from?" : This is also asked of all Christians. Do you all think of those dressed in white as "Christians"? If you take all those dressed in white as "Christians", then you are all "priest's lambs", all Satan's minions and hellish spirits, who "call thieves their fathers".

27-7:14, "7:14 I said to him, "My Lord, you know. He said to me, "These are the ones who have come out of the great tribulation and have washed their garments white in the blood of the Lamb": (1) "These are the ones who have come out of the great tribulation", and they are all disciples of one of the "single specialties" of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Jehovah". They were all disciples of a "single speciality" and had been abused by the demon king with various "methods of action", which were later found to be false paths that did not lead to clarity of mind, and by the "lambs" of They were awakened by the "White Sun Buddhism" of the "Lamb", and they abandoned the darkness and turned to the light, escaping from the devil's cave and converting to the "Lamb". (2) Because of the teachings received in the Church, the "pastor's teaching" was mistaken for "Christ's teaching" without knowing it, and instead of becoming "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron "Instead, they have become devils who use "Christian edification" to obliterate "Christian edification", and Christians in the Church are "sinners who confess their sins, cry and die for Jesus There is a "world of difference" between Jesus, who called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and Christians, who are "filthy, stinking devils". (3) Practising the Book of Revelation
(3) Practising the teaching of the Book of Revelation, using the Book of Revelation as a "demon mirror" to expose the Jewish priests who practised the Old Testament as the incarnation of Satan, and to expose all the Christian churches as a demonic group, they became "a group with eyes like flames and mouths like a fire". The Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" is the one who has inherited the lineage of Jesus, who has "washed his garments white in the blood of Jesus", and who is the new Christ. The whole of Western Christianity has not found this "blood of Jesus", but it is the Chinese Lamb who has clarified the "blood of Jesus", so that the Revelation is used to become the indoctrination of Christ, which is actually the "blood of the Lamb ". (4) The "blood of the Lamb" is the indoctrination of the Lord Baisyang, the doctrine of "the three religions in one, the five religions in one, the universal law in one, and the Baisyang Dharma of recognizing the mother to the root". To become a disciple of the Lamb and to practise the teachings of the Three Teachings, Five Teachings, All Dharma in One, and Mother to Mother, is to "wash your clothes white with the blood of the Lamb (5) You Christians, who have not become (5) You, Christians, have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and have not "washed your garments white in the blood of Jesus", but have rejected the Baeyang teaching which slanders "the Lamb". "This means that you have "washed your garments white in the blood of the priests", and therefore you cannot go to heaven to stand beside the "Lamb".

27-7:14, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "7:14 We can hardly imagine how the blood can make a garment white, but the blood of Jesus Christ is the best whitening agent in the world, because it removes the stain of sin": (1) We who are (1) How can we, the "incarnation of Satan", imagine that blood can make a garment white? For blood is a red, sticky liquid, and it is impossible to make a garment white. The "incarnation of Satan", having been taught by Satan that "right is wrong and false is true", has become a bastard worse than a beast, so that they can understand the "blood of the lamb". (2) The Jewish priests who practised the Old Testament, as Jesus did, were called "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", and they found out which of the New Testament were demons added by the Church. This is a manifestation of the inheritance of the "blood of Jesus Christ". Anyone who has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" does not know what the "blood of Jesus Christ and the best cleansing agent" is, but is a satanic slave who has fathered a thief and defiled himself with sin.
27-7:15, "7:15 So they served God before his throne, in his temple day and night. He who sits on the throne will cover them with a tent": (1) "washed their garments white with the blood of the Lamb", indicating the practice of the "White Sun Buddhism" of the "Lamb (1) "washed and purified in the blood of the Lamb", indicating the practice of the "baiyang buddhism" of the "Lamb", so that they came before the throne of God and became the new Christ who "confessed his mother to his roots". (2) "Served Him day and night in His temple" because they were disciples of the "Lamb" (the Lord of the White Sun) before they were born. (3) "He who sits on the throne will cover them with a tent" because they are disciples of the "Lamb".

Revelation 7 God will also wipe away all their tears (7:16-17)
27-7:16, "7:16 They will no longer hunger or thirst, nor will the sun or the heat hurt them": for there is no "hunger or thirst, nor sun nor heat, nor hurt" in heaven. For they are the disciples of the "Lamb" (the Lord of the White Sun) who has returned to heaven.
27-7:17, "7:17 For the Lamb in the midst of the throne will shepherd them and lead them to the fountain of the water of life; and God will wipe away all their tears": (1) Because the Lamb "bears the seal of the living God", it has become "the Lamb in the throne". (2) "The Lamb in the midst of the throne will shepherd them" means that they have received the Baiyang teaching of the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang), the doctrine of "Baiyang Buddhism". It was not the doctrine of a single Christ at all, for it was not Jesus who shepherded them. Jesus has retired forever and Christianity has completed its historical mission and retired from the stage of history. It is like the replacement of the "corded phone" by the "smart phone". (3) The "water of life" is the "five religions, one family, one mother, one root" of Baiyang's indoctrination, which can become Christ. Anything that cannot become Christ is not the "water of life". The "fountain of the water of life" is the Kingdom of Heaven. (4) None of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Islam has the doctrine of "one family, one mother, one root", and they are all "single specialties". They are all "single specialities", and none of them can truly lead their disciples to the "fountain of the water of life", where the "Christ, the New Christ, the Buddha, the Taoist, the Confucian and the Holy", who were once enlightened, are not complete. (5) "The five religions are one and the mother is returned to her roots", so that the Lamb can "lead them to the fountain of the water of life". (5) The attainers of the "single speciality" of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Yehui have to go down to earth and become human beings because they are not perfect in their "partial subjects", so they all have their time and tears. Only by practising the White Sun's teaching of "the five religions are one and the mother is returned to her roots" can they never be reincarnated, so "God will also wipe away all their tears".

7:17 In verses 1 to 8 of this chapter, we see that believers are protected by the seal, which gives them peace through great tribulation; in verses 7 to 17, we see that believers are finally with God in heaven, and that faithful believers throughout the ages have sung before the throne of God. of all generations have sung before the throne of God. Their calamities and sorrows are a thing of the past: no more tears for sin, for all sin is forgiven; no more tears for suffering, for all pain is past; no more need for tears for death, for all believers are risen and no longer need to experience death": (1) In verses 1 to 8 of this chapter we see that believers are protected by the seal of "from the land of the rising sun", indicating that it was not Jesus who came "from the land of the setting sun" at all, but from the "land of the rising sun", the east of the world, the Chinese The "Lamb" (the Baisang Patriarch). (2) In verses 7 to 17 we see that the followers of the Lamb end up in heaven with God, not the followers of Jesus singing before the throne of God. (3) It is not "all the believers of Jesus who have been raised", it is the believers of the "Lamb" (the Bereans). (4) The followers of the Lamb (the Baisyang Patriarch) "do not have to experience death anymore" because they have practised the Baisyang religion of "five religions, one family, one mother, one root" and have achieved never The reason for this is that they practise the Baiyang religion of "the five religions are one and the mother is one", so that they are never reincarnated.

Published by Li Huaizhu on 31 May 2017 Edited 8 June Edited 21 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











