Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 13 Do not fight
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 13 The promise that all nations would be blessed through Abram (12:1-7)
13:1 And Abram took his wife and Lot, and all that he had, and went up from Egypt into the south land.
2. "13:2 Abram's gold, silver, and livestock were very large": (1) This was all given by Pharaoh in Egypt. The fact that Pharaoh did not force a woman who was fleeing from famine to be his wife shows that Egypt had not only a "material civilization" but also a high level of "spiritual civilization". (2) This is an indication that the Eden civilization of the Nile (Kishon) was earlier and more mature than the Eden of Adam and Eve.
3. "13:3 And he went gradually from the south to Bethel, to the midst of Bethel and Ai, where the tents had been pitched": (1) "Bethel" was an ancient city in Palestine, about 16 kilometres north of Jerusalem, and "Beersheba" was a city in the north of Jerusalem. "It is about 16 kilometres north of Jerusalem and about 100 kilometres north of Beersheba. The word "Bethel" means the Temple of God. The word "Ai" in Hebrew means "ruins".
4. "13:4 The place where he first built his altar, and where he called on the name of the LORD": (1) This is a "word barrier" for the LORD, which can only be understood after becoming Christ. The effect of "telling a lie three times is the truth" leads everyone to believe that it is really necessary to "call on the name of the LORD". In fact, those who "call on the name of the LORD" are Satan's spokesmen and are the opposite of what the LORD has taught people to do in order to become Christ. (2) It has been proven that it is useless to call on anyone's name. Those who deserve it, by their own efforts, will receive it without asking anyone. What is not deserved, no one's name can be called upon if one does not work for it. (3) To be at peace with the "good and bad" of what you have received, and not to "thank God" for what you did not expect to receive, and to have such a peaceful mind, is to accept the LORD's edification, and to demonstrate the universal edification of the LORD in the world, and to be the elite of the nation. It is the ""building of an altar to Yahweh. (4) "Calling on the name of the LORD" is an attack of insanity by those who do not know what "the LORD's edification" is. (5) "Calling on the name of the LORD" is Satan compelling people under the guise of the LORD.
13:5 Lot, who was with Abram, also had cattle, flocks and tents.
13:6 The land could not hold them, for their possessions were so great that they could not dwell together.
13:7 At that time the Canaanites and the Bereishites dwelt in the land. The shepherds of Abram and the shepherds of Lot fought against each other.
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 13 Abram and Lot separated (12:8-18)
8. "13:8 Then Abram said to Lot, "You and I shall not strive against each other, nor shall your shepherd and my shepherd strive against each other, for we are flesh and blood (note: "brothers" in the original)": (1) This is a warning to the world not to "strive against flesh and blood". (1) This is an admonition to the world not to "contend with flesh and blood", but to be courteous to one another. (2) The LORD has made all things on earth, and all people, from whatever nation, are made by the LORD, so "we are flesh and blood". (3) Christians regard all denominations other than Christianity as "unholy" and often use the word "Satan" to slander others, when in fact their words and actions show the cruelty and mean-spiritedness of the devil. They do not know what kind of "Christ" Jesus revealed in the Book of Revelation, and they do not allow people to become "Christ", but make Christians the "lambs" for them (pastors and priests) to shepherd. "This is something that Jesus did not do, and therefore they are not Christianity at all, but Judaism under the guise of Christianity.
9. "13:9 Is not all the earth before your eyes? Leave me: if you turn to the left, I will turn to the right; if you turn to the right, I will turn to the left": (1) This is a method of settling disputes, a strategy for settling "flesh and blood". (2) In China, Lao Tzu called this "non-contentiousness". In Confucianism, it is called "giving way to courtesy". (3) As the saying goes, "If you want to go your own way, go your own way.
10. "13:10 And Lot lifted up his eyes and saw the whole plain of the Jordan as far as Zoar, which was moist, before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, as the garden of the LORD, and as the land of Egypt": (1) Sodom refers to anal intercourse between men, directly translated as " (1) Sodom refers to anal sex between men, which translates directly as "sodomy", a place where male sexuality was indulged in and lustful, and where homosexuality was not taboo. The word "Gomorrah" is often used in the Bible to symbolise God's wrath and punishment for sin. (2) "The land was before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah", before the LORD destroyed "Sodom and Gomorrah". (3) "Like the garden of the LORD, and like the land of Egypt", indicating that the natural environment was good.
13:11 So Lot chose the whole plain of the Jordan and moved eastward; and they were separated from each other.
13:12 Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan, and Lot in the cities of the plain, and gradually moved their tents as far as Sodom.
13. "13:13 The men of Sodom sinned greatly before the LORD": (1) The "men of Sodom" were all demons possessed by lust, and they were all demonic figures who did not shy away from same-sex sexual activity. (2) They were shameless beasts who had corrupted "human morality" and had lost their qualifications as human beings, and were worse than animals.
13:14 After Lot had departed from Abram, the LORD said to Abram, "From where you are, lift up your eyes and look to the east, the west, and the north, and the south.
13:15 All the land that you see, I will give it to you and to your descendants for ever.
13:16 I will also make your descendants as numerous as the dust of the earth, if a man can count the dust of the earth before he can count your descendants.
17. "13:17 Arise and walk through the land, for I will give it to you": (1) Arise and dare to be the owner of the land as a "husband". (2) To "walk through the land" is to consider all the places you walk through as your own territory, and you are the king of the places you walk through. If you have such a mindset, then the Lord has "given you the land". If you do not have such a mindset, you have abandoned the land that the LORD has "given you". (3) The reason the LORD gave this to Abram was because he was supposed to be the king who would rule the world. By sending him to Egypt to escape the famine, he was opening his eyes to the fact that only when the country was united would the people be able to live in peace and prosperity. (4) "12:2 You have become a king of a great nation, and the people will have a good time under your rule, and this is "a blessing to others".
18, 13:18 Then Abram moved out of his tent and came and dwelt in the oak of Mantle of Hebron, and there he built an altar to the LORD. (1) The city of "Hebron" was located 35 kilometres south of Jerusalem, on the road to Beersheba. The word "mantle" means fat and strong. (2) Abram did not take these "promises" that "the Lord said to Abram" above seriously, for Abram, with all his experience, knew that "the greatest wealth is in a man who is content". Therefore, no matter how much land you "walk across", it is not yours, but only the small area under your feet is yours temporarily, and if you move your feet, the place where the footprints were is no longer yours; the place that belongs to you after death is a tomb; therefore, do not covet the land of the LORD while you are alive, and to desire the land of the LORD is a selfish heart producing sin. Therefore, one should not covet the land of Yahweh while one is still alive. To desire the land of Yahweh is to be selfish and sinful, for "the world is common", so the land is a common property given by Yahweh to mankind for survival. (3) When the LORD saw that Abram had such a state of mind, he praised him from his heart. For he had erected a monument to the LORD's teaching, and his state of mind was the essence of the LORD's teaching; this was the "altar" that Abram had built there for the LORD. Do you understand? (4) In fact, Abram did not have such a state of mind as I have described, and he could not be approved of by the LORD in his heart, for he was an image of the LORD as a "servant of the LORD", a "negative figure". Jehovah did this because he wanted us to see what the minion of "Jehovah" looks like in Genesis. When we have the wisdom to recognise the "minions of Yahweh" and know what the devil is who promotes Satanic indoctrination under the guise of Yahweh, then we will become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". Do you know, "ye who read the Bible"?
Posted by Li Huaiju on Mon Aug 21, 2017 11:50 19:35 pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 ()Read the original article