Bible New Testament 27th Book of Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 21) God and the Lamb as the Temple of the City
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 21 A new heaven and a new earth (21:1-2)
27-21:1, "21:1 And I saw a new heaven and a new earth. For the former heaven and earth have passed away, and the sea is no more": (1) The Mayan prophecy of the end of the world, on 21 December 2012, is the beginning of a "new heaven and a new earth", a "great white throne with the Lord Maitreya sitting on it". (2) "The previous heaven and earth, the new heaven and the new earth" is the starting point. (2) "The previous heaven and earth have passed away", and the time when the teachings of one of the five religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism, and the "single specialist Dharma movement", were practised, is no more. Because of the progress of human society and the spread of computers and smartphones, ordinary people have the ability to "hear one thing and know ten things", and the era when the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism" taught the world separately is no longer suitable for the fast and convenient Baiyang era. The five Buddhist, Taoist, Confucian, Yayi and Hui religion masters of the Red Sun era have all retired and left their positions after completing their missions. (3) The vast sea of people of one of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, who were flocking to hell, is "no more", and the "magic age" of more than a thousand years without Christ's return to heaven is over. The "magic age", in which no Christ had returned to heaven for more than a thousand years, had come to an end, and a new era of Baiyang's righteousness, in which Christians could become the Christ and live forever in heaven, had begun. An unprecedented, global religious revolution, intellectual revolution, and intellectual progress has taken place in human society.

27-21:2, "21:2 And I saw the holy city, the New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, ready as a bride fully adorned for her husband": (1) The "New Jerusalem" was not rebuilt on the same site as Israel, but in a different place, for "the former place of the New Jerusalem" was not rebuilt on the same site as Israel. (1) The "New Jerusalem" will not be rebuilt on the same site as Israel, but in a different place, for "the former heaven and earth have passed away", and the Jerusalem of Israel has long since become a devil's cave, like a rag that cannot be clothed, and can no longer be "made new". China is called "exhausted" and cannot carry the "five religions of the White Sun Buddhism". (2) "14:1 And I looked, and saw the Lamb standing on Mount Zion". The "New Jerusalem" is the Chinese "Mount Zion", which is the "Tiger's Head Mountain" in the "Longhua Sutra", and it is the capital of the Lord Maitreya of the Middle Heaven, called "Zhongjing". "Zhongjing" has been known for almost five hundred years in the Xingtai region of Hebei Province, China. (3) The "Tiger's Head Mountain" was built by the gods from heaven and was built on earth in the same way as heaven provided. After the Lamb's religion of the Middle Heaven had been approved by the Chinese state, the construction of the "Middle Capital", surrounded by nine dragons, would begin immediately. The time taken to complete the construction was "one thousand working days", also according to God. The original words of God are: "The nine dragons are surrounded by three holy places, the sacred mountain of Dongqi; a thousand days of work, a great family reunion". (4) When the "Holy City of the New Jerusalem" in heaven is ready, just as a bride is fully adorned and waiting for her husband, so long as you are a guest at the "wedding feast of the Lamb" and do not fall away during your lifetime, the "Holy City of the New Jerusalem" in heaven will be yours. Jerusalem" will be your own villa in heaven, provided you do not fall away during your lifetime.

Revelation 21: No more death (21:3-5)
27-21:3, "21:3 I heard a great voice coming out of the throne, saying, "Behold! The tabernacle of God is on earth. He will dwell with men, and they will be his people; and God himself will be with them, and will be their God": (1) "Tent" means a tent. The "tabernacle of God" is a metaphor for "making Christians the doctrine and teaching of Christ" and for the promoter of "making Christians the doctrine and teaching of Christ". Whatever does not "make Christians the doctrine and edification of Christ" is not "the tabernacle of God". To make Christians "sing hymns and prayers, do charitable works, and become shepherds of lambs" is not "to make Christians the doctrine and edification of Christ", which is the "tabernacle of the evil god Satan" under the guise of Christianity. This is the "tabernacle of the evil god Satan" under the guise of Christianity, and is Satan incarnate. (2) The "tabernacle of God on earth" is the sect, or apostle, that promotes "the doctrine and edification of Christ by Christians". To rebuke the Jewish Church as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", as Jesus did, is to say that "the tabernacle of God is on earth". To make Christians "sing hymns and prayers, do charity work, and become shepherds of lambs", as the Christian church group did, is "the tabernacle of the evil god Satan on earth". (3) The task of the "tabernacle of God on earth" (the magi) is to convert the destined to become Christ and to bring Christ back to heaven, so that "he will dwell with men", that is, to convert them among the people, no different from the ordinary people, there is no " There is no "priesthood order" at all, but a high level of realm. (4) Those who want to be Christ's disciples back in heaven have to become his disciples and receive his teaching systematically, that is, "to be his people".
(5) "God himself will be with them" means that those who have received his indoctrination have become Christ; it is only when they have become Christ and can see God and speak and communicate with him that "God himself is with them". If Christians do not become Christ and cannot hear or see God, God is not "personally with them". To say that "God is personally with them" without the words and actions that only Christ has (eyes like fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hating the Nicolaitans, Christ who has a rod of iron) is satanic demonic demagoguery. (6) It is only when Christians become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the sun, who hates the party of Nicolas, and who has the rod of iron", that they "become their God They became "sons of God". They became "sons of God", and this is the glory of God; no one becomes a "son of God", and God has no glory. (7) Christians who "sing hymns and prayers, do charity work, and become shepherded lambs by priests" are the personal presence of Satan, the evil god, with them; they have become minions of Satan, the evil god.
(8) After 2012, mankind has entered the mature "information age, the age of intelligence", and the process of globalisation has accelerated, so that the teachings of the "single specialist" of more than a thousand years ago are far from adequate to teach highly civilised modern people. "(9) The "Lamb's Middle Heaven Teaching" is the "tent of God on earth", the tent of Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven Teaching, on earth. (9) The "Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb" is headed by Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heavenly Church. There is no "priesthood", but a form of "dwelling with men", which is easy to understand. (10) It is up to you to decide whether you want to be his (Maitreya Buddha's) people or not. If you do not see through the falsehoods of the world, if you still want to be human, if you are afraid of life and death, then do not come to the "Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb". "The Church of the Lamb does not want idle, idle people, because Christ is first and foremost a self-reliant person, and if he cannot support himself, he is not qualified to be Christ. (11) Many of the disciples of the Lamb have the same divine powers that Jesus had, and this is the vitality of the Lamb's sect. This is the vitality of the Lamb's sect. Because the "Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb" has really realised that "God (Maitreya Buddha) is personally with them", it has the confidence to overthrow the whole Christian church group. (12) The "White Sun God", Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heavenly Church, will personally be with the disciples of the Middle Heavenly Church who believe in the "White Sun Dharma" and will be their Lord.

27-21:4, "21:4 God will wipe away all their tears. There will be no more death, no more mourning, no more crying, no more pain, for the former things are passed away": (1) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, as long as one is still practising the "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Yeshiva", one or another religion is not accepted. (1) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, anyone who is still practising one of the religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam is a "layman" who has not received God's education and has not been recognized by the Lord as an "immortal", and cannot live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven, because not only has human society been renewed, but the various systems of the Kingdom of Heaven have also been "upgraded and replaced "Buddha Shakyamuni, who was in charge of the "single speciality" of the Dharma, left his post, and Maitreya Buddha (the White Sun God), who was in charge of the "five religions and the return of the mother to her roots", became the president of the heavenly realm in charge of the education of the people of the world. (2) The Chinese Lamb's "five religions, one family, one mother, one root", is the only proper way for religious people from all over the world to be immortalised in the Kingdom of Heaven. It is only after becoming a disciple of the Chinese Lamb that one has the "immortal status" recognised by the Lord and has accepted the teachings of God that one can become a Christ; and only after the Christ who has achieved self-deliverance has fulfilled his work can he allow "God to wipe away all their tears", and only then will "there shall be no more death, nor sorrow, nor crying, nor pain". (3) If you do not believe in the True Explanation of the Book of Revelation of the Chinese Lamb, and if you do not practise the Chinese Lamb's Baiyang teaching of "five religions and one family, acknowledging one's mother and returning to one's roots", none of your "former things" will be "past". "You will continue to perform the "former things" and live in vain in this life and continue to suffer from reincarnation.

27-21:5, "21:5 He who sits on the throne says, "Behold! I have renewed everything. And he said, "Write, for these words are trustworthy and true": (1) The one who sits on the throne is the "White Sun God", whose full name is Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven. (2) Look at the new changes in our world after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, all of which are the result of the progress of mankind under the mastery of the "White Sun God", and are the manifestation of the "White Sun God This is a manifestation of the power of the "White Sun God". The "I renewed everything" will also "renew" religion in general, and religious people should not have the delusion that they will not be "renewed" as a community. Whoever fails to keep up with the trends of the times will be left behind. If you use a "smartphone" but reject the "religious revolution" and remain faithful to the ancient man (Jesus) of more than a thousand years ago, you are a mindless walking corpse, a self-loathing lackey who is rightly abandoned by the times. (3) For those who do not believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, remember that "these words are trustworthy and true", and you will see with your own eyes the whole process of the "religious revolution", and together with the Chinese Lamb you will witness the "revelation" in the Book of Revelation become reality. You will witness with your own eyes the whole "religious revolution" and together with the Chinese Lamb you will see the "revelation" in the Book of Revelation come true. For God is the Lord of the whole universe, not man at all.

Revelation 21 The Lord gives water from the fountain of life freely to the thirsty man to drink (21:6-8)
27-21:6, "21:6 And he said to me, It is all done! I am Arafah and I am Omerga; I am the beginning and I am the end. I will give the water of the fountain of life freely to him who is thirsty to drink": (1) And the "White Sun God" said to me (John). (2) "The Gate of Universal Space-Time and Grand Cross Transformation" was officially opened at a quarter past nine in the morning of December 21, 2012. The invisible "Zhongjing" (Mount Zion) of the Kingdom of Heaven was established and manifested, and the Buddha of Baiyang (Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven) arrived in Yuncheng to take up his throne, God was seated, a thousand Buddhas and ancestors came to congratulate the gathering, the rainbow filled the sky, and all things rejoiced. (3) The construction of the "invisible project of the White Sun and the Way of Wuji" has been completed. There are nine places and nine levels, one above the other, up to the top of the Nine Suns Peak. There are palaces, pavilions, pavilions, lotus towers, information towers and so on. Each level has a gatehouse, and each gatehouse has a couplet and a banner (or banner), and according to the cultivation, merit and pace of cultivation of all living beings, they will enter different levels at different times. (4) The "three religions are united, the five religions are one, and the mother is returned to her roots" of the Kingdom of Heaven is established, and the "White Sun God" is implemented in the form of "celestial induction" through the Chinese Lamb's Middle Heaven religion. "The White Sun Religion. The exposition of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, "all becoming" from the Kingdom of Heaven to the world of men, will slowly become known to people all over the world as time goes on. (5) "I am the beginning and I am the end", and my Baek-yang inculturation begins on 21 December 2012 and will continue until the next 10,800 years. This is the time when the "White Sun God" will be in charge of the White Sun world, that is, the term of office to carry out the teachings of the human world. This is the authority given to him by God, just like a minister of education in a country.
(6) The "water of the fountain of life" is a metaphor for "the means by which Christians can become Christians and be born into the kingdom of heaven", which is the "five religions of the Chinese Lamb, the Baiyang Buddhism that recognises the mother and returns to her roots". All methods that do not "make Christians Christ" are "water from the fountain of hell" and are Satan's "ecstasy". (7) "I will freely give the water of the fountain of life to those who are thirsty" is a "test question, a gateway", and whoever believes that it is really "freely given" is Whoever believes that it is really "freely given" is a "blind man without ears", or a delusional psychopath. Think about it, beast: if the White Sun Buddha Dharma, which became the Christ, was "freely given" to you, you would not take it seriously, because you would have received it without spending a penny, and the White Sun Buddha Dharma would be worthless, and therefore would never be "freely given" to you. given to you for nothing. (8) If you do not believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and it is given to you "for nothing", would you want it? What will you do with the one who "freely gives" it to you? If you did not believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and were "given" the "Baiyang Dharma" in vain, you would not want it, which also shows that the Chinese lambs are not wise and have misidentified the wrong person, just like a liar. "Gold has a price, but the truth is priceless", and the "Baiyang Dharma", which is more expensive than gold, will never be "given" to you for nothing. (9) He who believes in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation is the "thirsty one". Those who do not believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation are not the "thirsty ones".

27-21:7, "21:7 He who overcomes will bear these things as his inheritance. I will be his God, and he will be my son": (1) Those who believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation are those who are in the "book of life" in order to become "overcomers". Christians who have become "Bible readers" and have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" cannot be "overcomers" at all. "They are "Satan's minions" who have been defeated to the core. (2) Those who believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and become disciples of the Chinese Lamb who practise the "five religions and the Baiyang Buddhism of the Mother to the Root" must accept the mission to go to the Western world to promote the "Baiyang Buddhism" and must show the general demeanour of Christ as Jesus did when he rebuked the Jewish Church. They must be able to withstand all kinds of pressure, and must be determined to make the propagation of the Baiyang Dharma their life's work, as if they were dying. (3) It is only when a Westerner is prepared in this way that the Bhaisang Buddha can be his God (the Lord) and that he can become my son, the Bhaisang Buddha.

27-21:8, "21:8 But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the abominable, the murderers, the adulterers, the evil-doers, the idolaters and all liars, their part is in the lake of fire burning with brimstone, which is the second death": (1) not daring to display the general demeanour of Christ as Jesus did when he rebuked the Jewish Church. (1) Those who do not dare to show the generality of Christ as Jesus rebuked the Jewish Church, who are afraid of life and death, who are timid and fearful, who do not have the courage to bear Christ, cannot be Christ, but can only be minions who hope that "God blesses and Jesus loves you", this is the "timid" one. This is your second death. (2) If you do not believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and cannot become a disciple of the Chinese Lamb who practices the "Five Teachings of the Family, the White Sun Buddhism of the Mother to the Root", you are "unbelieving", and such a person will be in the lake of fire burning with brimstone. (3) Those who do not believe in anything divine except God and Jesus, who are frogs in a well, who are minions who draw a blank, who do not believe in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, and who slander and abuse the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, are "abominations", and such a person will be in a lake of fire with burning brimstone, and this is your second death.
(4) The "Gog" (god) has "wisdom" in the sense that the Magog (god of knowledge) in this life is wise. If the Magog in this life is not wise and has not seen the Gog, he has lost his "wisdom". If a Christian does not see Gog during his lifetime, he has been killed by a "satanic group" that has made it a "Christian doctrine" to learn the ways of not becoming Christ. The "wise life". (5) The entire church group in the Western world does not know what "Gog and Magog" are, and no Christian has ever seen his own Gog. Therefore, the priests and ministers of the "Christian church group" are the executioners who use magic as a positive method to "kill people". (6) Anyone who makes people Christians to learn Christianity without "making Christians into Christ" is an "abomination and a murderer", and such a person will be in a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
(7) Under the guise of promoting Christianity, you make Christians "sing hymns and prayers and do charity work" and reduce them to "shepherding lambs" for priests and ministers, which means that you do not allow Christians to become Christ, but you rape Christianity by magic! You are an "adulterous" devil who rapes Christianity by magic, and such a person will be in a lake of fire burning with brimstone, and this is your second death. (8) Christians who, under the guise of "God", "heal" the sick, but who are in fact minions of Satan, are devils "practising evil". You will be in the lake of fire with brimstone, and this is your second death. (9) The "crucifixion of Jesus" is an idol. To "sing hymns and prayers" in church is "idolatry", for every church has a "crucifix with Jesus nailed to it"; to expect Those who expect "God's blessing and Jesus' blessing" are "idol worshipping" because "God and Jesus" are "idols ". You, the minions of Satan, who confess that you are thieves and "worship idols without knowing", because you have not become Christ, you will be in the lake of fire burning with brimstone, which is your second death.
(10) "And all those who tell lies will have their part in the lake of burning sulfur, which is the second death". To "tell a lie" is a sinful act that leads to hell. (11) The Christian church group, which makes people into Christians, does not make a Christian into a Christ, but rather makes Christians into "shepherd lambs" for them, and the church group has no choice but to become a "lying group". (12) God did not save his only Son, Jesus, so he will not save anyone, but we must use our great wisdom to save ourselves, which is the greatest value and meaning of the crucifixion. Christianity will not go into this truth because such a doctrine cannot make Christians believe in them. To make Christians believe in the church group, we must target human weaknesses and satisfy human desires. The words "God loves you and Jesus loves you" are in fact the most frequently used "lies" in Christianity.

Revelation 21: The Glory of the Holy City (21:9-21)
27-21:9, "21:9 And one of the seven angels who had the seven golden bowls full of the seven last plagues came to me and said, "Come here, and I will show you the bride, the wife of the Lamb": (1) "The last days", the "end of the world" on December 21, 2012 (1) "The end of the age" is after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012. (2) Because the "Minister of Education" in charge of world education in the Kingdom of Heaven has completed his term of office, the "single specialty" of education in the Red Sun has been replaced by the new "White Sun education of the five religions", and those who are still practising in one of the five religions have been replaced by a new one. Those who were still teaching in a particular religion were guilty of "spreading falsehoods and harming the lives of others", and the ghosts who were misled to hell were "filled with grievances". (3) In China, a wife is not the same as a man. (3) In China, wife does not only mean wife (spouse), but also part of a man's property; there is a term in Zhou Yi called "wife and wealth", which means this; a man cannot marry his wife without money, which means that wife is part of a man's property. Positive wealth represents the real estate such as the main wife, land and house. Partial wealth represents concubines, money and other cash. (4) The "Lamb's wife" is not a woman, but the White Sun Kingdom of Heaven, a place where the disciples of the Lamb can go after they have become Christ. If you do not become a disciple of the Lamb who has "uncovered the seven seals", or "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", you can only go to hell.

27-21:10, "21:10 And I was moved by the Holy Spirit, and the angel brought me to a high mountain, and showed me the holy city of Jerusalem, which came down from God out of heaven": (1) "And the angel brought me to a high mountain", indicating that this was not the present Jerusalem of Israel at all. (1) "And the angel brought me to a high mountain", indicating that this is not the Jerusalem of Israel, for there is no "high mountain" in Jerusalem, which is situated at the top of the Judean mountains at an altitude of 790 metres. (2) It is not the place where there is an image of God that is the "holy city", but only the place where "Christianity is made Christian" (the infallible law) is the "holy city". To be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright bronze, and with a rod of iron" is a "holy city". Every book of the Middle Ages, the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, is a "holy city". (3) In Jerusalem after Jesus, no Christian has become a Christ like Jesus. Therefore, Jerusalem is not only not a "holy city for Christians to become Christ", but it is also a great devil's cave for the devil's group to harm people's lives, a "holy city of the devil". (4) The New Testament does not contain the text of Jesus "opening the seven seals" during his life, and therefore Jesus was not the Lamb who "opened the seven seals". Those who regard Jesus as a lamb are "blind without ears" and are the embodiment of Satan and the devil. Only those who are well versed in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and who "come from the land of the rising sun" are the Lamb, the Chinese of the East. (5) Even if Jesus is the Lamb, Jerusalem is not the "Lamb's wife", for it is a devil's cave divided between "Judaism, Christianity and Islam" and is the "wife of three men". "It is a "rape victim, a sex slave". (6) Jerusalem, Israel today, is a place torn apart by "Judaism, Christianity and Islam", a place where there is no peace, a place where the devil has slandered and abused the "City of Peace", none of the three of them having been taught by the "Almighty". "None of them is a denomination indoctrinated by the "Almighty", they are all a demonic group of people who play with the abuse of the faithful "to the detriment of themselves and others". Jerusalem is not only not a "holy city", but it is not "the holy city of Jerusalem which came down from God out of heaven". (7) The "holy city of Jerusalem which came down from heaven from God" is the place where the "five religions of the family, the White Sun Buddhism of the Mother of God" were practiced in life and became the Christ, and where he lived after his death in the eternal kingdom of heaven. No one who has not practised the Five Religions, the White Sun Buddhism, and has not become Christ, nor is he an "Almighty", can go to the "holy city of Jerusalem, which came down from heaven from God". 27-21:11.

27-21:11, "21:11 And the glory of God was in the city, and the glory of the city was as precious stones, like jasper, and as clear as crystal": (1) to become "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, and who has a rod of iron". This is the "glory of God". It is the "glory of the evil gods and devils" to make Christians take "Jewish indoctrination" such as "the singing of hymns and prayers, this charity" as Christianity. (2) It is the "glory of God" to be an "Almighty" who is well versed in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. "It is the "glory of God and the devil" to be a "frog at the bottom of the well" who praises himself and destroys one of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and Islam. (3) Pure fasting is the "city". If one keeps the five precepts (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) and does not break them, one's "city" is strong. If one does not keep the five precepts (killing, stealing, prostitution, delusion and alcohol) and breaks them, the "city" is damaged by the devil. (4) To become an "all-rounder" who is well versed in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and to keep the five precepts, is to become "a city whose brilliance is like that of a precious stone, like jasper, as clear as crystal". (5) He who keeps the five precepts and becomes the Christ who propagates the "five religions of the family, the White Sun of the Buddha," is "the radiance of the city like a precious stone, like jasper, as clear as crystal.

27-21:12, "21:12 And there were high walls, and twelve gates, and twelve angels at the gates, and on the gates the names of the twelve tribes of Israel": (1) The one who keeps the five commandments (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) and does not break them is the one who "has high walls". . If you do not keep the five commandments, you do not have a wall. (2) The "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" are the six senses, which are likened to the "six gates of entry and exit". The six consciousnesses give rise to the six dusts, "colour, sound, scent, touch", which are likened to the "six thieves and robbers". When the six senses give rise to the six dusts, there are twelve doors. (3) The twelve doors are distributed in all directions according to the twelve earthly branches (Zi, Wu, Yin, Mao, Chen, Si, Wu, Wei, Shen, You, Xu, and Hai). (4) "There are twelve angels on the gates", that is, the twelve earthly branches of "Zi, Ugly, Yin, Mao, Chen, Si, Wu, Wei, Shen, You, Xu, Hai", which are the twelve divine generals in the "Qi Men, Six Nones". The ten heavenly stems, the eight trigrams, the 64 trigrams, and so on, are all "angels". The various Chinese "divine generals and saints" are the "angels" of Christianity, the Christ who has a certain mission.
(5) The Bible Genesis 32:28: And the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men. Thus, "Israel, Israelite" is an alias for Christ (the Son of God), the Christ (the Son of God) who is great in power and authority, the "Great Christ". (2) He who has become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the pure and standard "Israel, the Israelite". (3) Those who study Christianity are "Christians", and "Christians" are those who have "contended with God" and have been defeated. Those who do not learn Christianity, who are not "Christians", and who rebuke the Jewish Church, which practices the Old Testament, as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", are "victorious in their struggle with God and men". "This is the expression of the pure, standard "Israelites". Those who do not know what a "hypocritical scribe or blind leader" is are "blind without ears" and are Satanic "wrestlers with God and men and have been defeated". They are minions of Satan. (4) Any sect that teaches that people should become "Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron" (the Great Sage with "eyes of fire and a golden rod"), regardless of the country in which it is located and whether it is recognized by the state or not, is a sect that is not recognized by the state. Such a sect is a "tribe of Israel", regardless of the country in which it is located and whether it is recognized by the state or not. (6) If we know what "Israel and the Israelites" are, then we know what the "twelve tribes of Israel" are. If you do not know what "Israel and Israelites" are, you do not know what the "twelve tribes of Israel" are like. (7) The "twelve tribes of Israel" are not the "twelve tribes" of Christianity, but the "twelve tribes" of the Chinese Lamb, Baiyang, which is a metaphor for the Lamb's discipleship throughout the world. It is a metaphor for the disciples of the Lamb who are spread throughout the world.

27-21:13, "21:13 There are three gates on the east, three gates on the north, three gates on the south, and three gates on the west": (1) We must have the idea that "one life gives birth to two, two to three, and three to everything", and be wise enough to perceive the deeper meaning behind the words, not just the Don't just look at the surface of the words. (2) The three gates on the east (from north to south) are "Yin, Mao and Chen", the three gates on the south (from east to west) are "Si, Wu and Wei", the three gates on the west (from south to north) are "Shen, You and Xu", and the three gates on the east (from south to north) are "Shen, You and Xu". "The three doors on the east side (from west to east) are "Hai Zi Ugly". (3) The twelve gates are not close together in the four main directions, but far apart, and are in fact distributed in all directions. The metaphor is that there are disciples in either direction.
27-21:14, "21:14 And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and on the foundations were the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb": (1) The "twelve" were spread out in all directions, using "twelve" (1) The "twelve" are spread out on all sides, using "twelve" as a metaphor for the four sides, not simply "twelve". (2) The original twelve apostles of the Lamb, who preached in their respective regions, became disciples of Christ in every region, thus giving rise to the "holy city of Jerusalem". The leaders who first pioneered in each region were the "foundations of the walls of the city".

27-21:15, "21:15 He who speaks to me takes a golden reed for a ruler and measures the city, its gates and its walls": (1) "He who speaks to me" is one who can speak to angels, for this is what angels say. He who can speak to the angels can only be a man like Christ. (2) "Take a reed of gold for a ruler, and measure the city and its gates and its walls" means the same as "11:1 A reed was given to me as a measuring rod, and the word was given to me, "Arise and measure the temple of God and the altar, and all who worship in the temple". It is similar. The "reed" is the one who knows what is "the hypocrite and the righteous, the devil and Christ"; without "eyes like a flame" one does not know what is "the reed" (the hypocrite). Without "eyes like a flame" one does not know what a "reed" (hypocrite) is, nor what a "devil and Christ" are. With "eyes like a flame" and knowing what is "the devil and Christ", one can "take the golden reed and use it as a ruler". (3) The indoctrination of Christians to be Christ is uniquely Christian. Not to let Christians become Christ, not to let Christians die without becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", is Christian indoctrination, a devilish religion apart from Christianity. When you have this ruler, you are the Christ who "has the golden reed for a ruler"; you can "measure the city and its gates and its walls". (4) If you have not become the Christ who "has the golden reed for a ruler", you will not know the "height of the city" or where the "city" is, and you will speak nonsense without boundaries.

27-21:16, "21:16 The city was four-sided, the same in length and breadth. When the angel measured the city with a reed, it was four thousand miles in length, width and height": (1) "The city" is far away, but it is close at hand, and it is actually your great wisdom, your own "city of the heart". The "seeing, hearing and knowing" of righteous knowledge is the "city of the four directions". To know what is "evil knowledge" is to know what is "right knowledge", which is "the same in length and breadth". (2) "Let Christians be the edification of Christ" is "right knowledge and right opinion", "Let Christians not be the edification of Christ" is "evil knowledge and evil opinion "This is the "city of the four quarters". (3) He who knows what "the hypocrite and the righteous, the devil and Christ" are, is an angel, and can "measure the city with a reed". He who does not know what "the hypocrite and the righteous, the devil and Christ" are, is an accomplice of the devil and will only go to hell. (4) "Four thousand miles in all, the same length, the same breadth, and the same height", emphasizing the need to know what is "right and what is wrong".

27-21:17, "21:17 And he measured the wall of the city, according to the measure of a man, the measure of an angel, one hundred and forty-four elbows in all": (1) "The wall of the city" is the fast of purity. To see if you have "kept the five precepts" (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) is to "measure the walls of the city". (2) "According to the size of the person" means to see how well the person has observed the Five Precepts (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness). (3) If you do not keep the five precepts (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) strictly, and if you break them from time to time, then your "walls" are not big enough for "the size of an angel", and you cannot become an angel, nor can you become a Christ. (4) The upper arm and forearm (4) The part of the upper arm that juts outward from the forearm is the "elbow", a metaphor for the practice of Old Testament Judaism with rebuke to promote the fruit of "making Christians into Christ". It is the fruit of "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like a blazing sun, hating the Nicolaitans, and a rod of iron", which is used to subdue demons, promote the righteousness of the law and save the lives of people. (5) "The size of an angel is one hundred and forty-four elbows", which is the "size of an angel". If you do not have enough "dimensions of an angel", it means that you do not have enough merits to become an angel, and you cannot become an angel, nor can you become Christ. Neither you can enter "the city" without becoming an angel nor Christ.

27-21:18, "21:18 The walls are made of jasper, and the city of fine gold, like clear glass": (1) jade is used as a metaphor and description of all good people or things; a gentleman is like jade in virtue. The walls of the holy city are actually made of the good character of the faithful. (2) "Fine gold" is gold of high purity, and its high purity is the result of the strict requirements of extracting the essence and refining the impurities. The believers have been tested by the "eight devils and fifty demons" (desires), but in the last stage of their lives they did not become confused with old age and eventually did not fall away and became "fine gold". The "holy city" is the accumulation of such devotees. (3) "Like a clear glass" means that the faithful are "upright, true to their word, and consistent in what they say and do", without any hint of "subversion, hypocrisy, or hiding of dirt". The computer age has come and gone. The absence of an avatar and personal data in the computer age is a sign of a dark heart, the opposite of being "like a clear glass", a sign of being possessed by the devil and a devil's advocate.

27-21:19, "21:19 The foundations of the wall were adorned with various precious stones: the first foundation was jasper, the second sapphire, the third green onyx, and the fourth emerald": (1) The "various precious stones" are the essence of the stone, the concrete content of the believer's character. (1) The "various stones" are the essence of the stone, the concrete content of the personality of the faithful, the good side of humanity. It is only when the faithful have the extraordinary cultivation of character and the words and deeds that break down "falsehood and ugliness" and promote "truth and goodness" that the Holy City will have its "foundations of the walls". (2) First of all, these "four things" are the "four righteousnesses", the "four righteousnesses" being the "body, mind, speech and deeds", which are part of the internal work of monastic introspection. (2) The first of these is the Four Righteousnesses. It is one of the internal skills of monastic introspection. It is not evil unless evil invades righteousness, and it is not righteous unless righteousness breaks down evil. To do the Fourfold Righteousnesses well is to become the "Big Dipper" who breaks the devil and becomes an angel like Christ. (3) "The first foundation is jasper", which is the "righteousness of the body", the appearance of the face and clothing. Not to break the five precepts (killing, stealing, prostitution and drunkenness). Treating others with kindness, seeing righteousness and acting with chivalry. (4) "The second is sapphire", which means "righteousness of mind", i.e. the use of "cessation, determination and wisdom" to break "greed and anger". (4) The second sapphire is the "righteousness of mind", which is the use of "cessation, determination and wisdom" to break down "greed and anger". We should always check our behaviour, actions and words to see if we are "upright and honest, with a clear conscience", and reflect deeply on our "hidden stains", so as not to relax carelessly. (5) "The third is the green onyx", which is "right in speech", and it is only "right in speech" when it is in accordance with reason and when it dispels demonic and evil talk. No bad language, no flowery language, no double talk, no delusion. (6) "The fourth is the emerald", which is "righteousness in action". One does not act and think in a straightforward and moral manner, does not complain to God, does not treat one's elders with disrespect, does not cheat people out of goodness, does not design to trap them, is not arrogant and lascivious, does not steal and rob, does not use merit and virtue in a deluded manner, etc. and so on, and do nothing contrary to morality.

27-21:20, "21:20 The fifth is red onyx, the sixth is ruby, the seventh is yellow jade, the eighth is water jade, the ninth is red jade, the tenth is jadeite, the eleventh is purple onyx, and the twelfth is amethyst": (1) These eight treasures are said to be the fulfillment of the "eight virtues" of the faithful "(1) These eight treasures are the fulfillment of the eight virtues (filial piety, fraternal duty, loyalty, propriety, justice and integrity) of the faithful. Which virtue is fulfilled is a treasure, an angel (immortal). (2) "The fifth is the red onyx", which is "filial piety", that is, filial obedience. It is the duty of a child to be filial to his parents, to repay them for the kindness of raising him. "If one is not filial to one's parents, there is no benefit in honouring the gods". Those who are unfilial will later suffer the wrath of God. To disobey one's parents' well-intentioned teaching is to be unfilial. (3) "The sixth is the ruby", which is "fraternity", meaning fraternity and respect. It is the duty of a brother to honour his elder brother, to repay the kindness of his brother's love and teaching. (4) "The seventh is the yellow jubilee seal", which means "loyalty", that is, devotion to the country. It is the duty of a national to be loyal to the country and to repay the country's kindness with patriotic words and deeds. To betray the interests of the state is to be a disloyal traitor to the nation. (5) "The eighth is water and pale jade", which means "faith", or trust. You must keep your word to your friends, and you must not lose your word. If you break a promise with someone, or if you break a deal or a job with only your own interests in mind, or if you speak in vain but are not truthful, you have broken your word.
(6) "The ninth is the red jubilee seal," which means "courtesy," that is, etiquette. To observe etiquette, one must be polite and treat people with courtesy. Confucius said: "Don't look, don't listen, don't speak, and don't move unless you are polite". (7) "The tenth is jade", which means "righteousness", or moral righteousness. We should pursue justice, have the spirit of righteousness and courage, and do our best to help whoever is in trouble, not to steal, not to take advantage, not to be biased, not to be ashamed. Those who take by force are unrighteous. (8) "The eleventh is purple onyx", which means "integrity", or honesty. It means to be clean, to take pleasure in being clean, to love oneself, to be honest and to serve the public. It means to be clean and honest, to be upright, to be free from selfish desires and evil thoughts, and not to do evil things. The person is honest and sincere in dealing with others, has a beginning and an end in office work, is not meticulous in dealing with money, is not enchanted by sex, has a clear heart and little desire, has a clear mind and is not muddled, has a clear mind and is not delusional. Corruption and bribery are all dishonesty. (9) "The twelfth is amethyst", which is "shame", that is, shame. We should never do anything that is unjustifiable or against our conscience. If a man is shameless, he is like a beast. A person who knows shame can only know shame. A person who knows shame does things openly and honestly, but a person who does not know shame is not righteous in heart and body. Church groups with a "priesthood" are shameless devils.

27-21:21, "21:21 The twelve gates are twelve pearls, and each gate is a pearl. The streets of the city are fine gold, like clear glass": (1) The "twelve gates" are a metaphor for the gateways of the church that are spread throughout the land. (2) The pearl is not a natural stone, but when it is produced in certain shells (mussels) and cannot be eliminated, its cell membranes secrete a pearly fluid, which envelops foreign bodies in layers and layers, and over time becomes a pearl. The pearl is used as a metaphor for the most valuable, striking and remarkable achievement in a particular area. (3) "The twelve gates are twelve pearls, and each gate is a pearl", and the gateways of the Church throughout the land are all the same precious doctrine because they all teach the same thing: "Let Christians be the infallible law of Christ". (4) "The streets of the city are fine gold", on which only the feet of the best and brightest of the world can walk. Christians who do the "edification of the faithful" by "singing hymns and prayers and doing charity" as if they were "Christian" are scum of the earth, the most ignorant and sickly of men. They have the stench of hell on their feet and cannot walk in the "streets of the holy city of gold". (5) They still have in their hearts such "religious" thoughts as "learning Christianity" (no "abandoning the boat and disembarking"), no words and deeds of Christ to subdue the demons, no If one does not have the words and deeds of Christ, and if one does not have the general attitude of "being Christ", then one is not transparent and has "ignorance and shadows", and one cannot go to the Holy City and walk "like a street of clear glass".

Revelation 21: The temple of God and the Lamb as a city (21:9-21)
27-21:22, "21:22 I have not seen a temple in the city, because the Lord God the Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of the city": (1) John was a disciple of Jesus, and the Holy City, despite its name "Jerusalem", was not earthly but heavenly, and more importantly He could only see the outside of the future Holy City of Baiyang (after 2012), not the Holy City of the Red Sun after his return to heaven, so he could only see the outside of the future Holy City of Baiyang, he could not enter the Holy City and could not see the "temple within the city". (2) Because John was a disciple of Jesus, a disciple of a "single specialist" in Christianity, he was not an "omnipotent" who practised the "five religions of the Banyan Buddhism" and was well versed in the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam". "Therefore, he could not enter the Holy City and could not see the "temple within the city". (3) Only when one becomes a disciple of the Lamb can one see "the Lamb as the temple of the city". Jesus was not the Lamb, and John was not a disciple of the Lamb, so he could not enter the holy city and see the "temple within the city".
27-21:23, "21:23 And there was no need for the sun or the moon to shine in that city, for the light of the glory of God shone, and the Lamb was the lamp of the city": (1) God is the "Almighty" who practises the "five religions of the one White Sun Buddhism "(1) God is the "Almighty" who practises the "five religions of the Bhaisang Dharma" and is the "Almighty" who has mastered the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. The "single-specialist" teachings of Jesus Christ were taught to the ancients because the ancients were in the early stages of humanity and did not have the conditions to learn the five religions. (2) "And the Lamb is the lamp of the city" shows that the Lamb is at the heart of illuminating the whole holy city, so it is the first priority of Christianity to determine who the Lamb is. The Lamb takes the "land of the White Sun", the Church of the Middle Heaven, which he founded, as his city. The "five religions are one, and the White Sun Buddhism, which recognises the mother as the root", is the "lamp of the Lamb as the city". (3) If you do not have wisdom, if you do not find the Lamb, or if you find the wrong Lamb, you cannot enter the "temple of the Lamb as a city", nor can you see the "lamp of the Lamb as a city".

27-21:24, "21:24 The nations will walk in the light of the city, and the kings of the earth will give their glory to the city": (1) The doctrine that shines through darkness and foolishness and makes Christians Christ is the light of the holy city. The "light of the city" is the "five religions of the family, the White Sun Buddhism that recognises the mother and returns to her roots" of the Middle Heavenly Church. (2) In the post-2012 Baek-Yang world, all countries will have to carry out a "religious revolution" in which the former "mono-specialist" religions will be outlawed and the "Baek-Yang Dharma of the Lamb" will be practised. "This is how the "nations will walk in the light of the city". (3) The "kings of the earth" take it as their "own glory" that they have achieved the "White Sun Buddhism of the Lamb in Heaven" in their own countries. The presidents of the nations who do not implement the "White Sun Buddhism of the Lamb in Heaven" in their own countries are ignorant, ignorant and outcast kings of the times.
27-21:25, "21:25 The gates of the city are never closed by day, and there is no night there": for there is no foolishness or darkness there, because it is a place where people without "ignorance or shadow" go.
27-21:26, "21:26 And men will give to the city the glory and honour of the nations": the sign of the "glory and honour" of a nation is the practice of the "white sun of the Buddha's teachings in the Lamb. 27-21:27.

27-21:27, "21:27 Whoever is unclean, and whoever practices abominations and falsehoods, shall not enter the city; but only those whose names are written in the Lamb's Book of Life": (1) Those who do not keep the five precepts (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) are "unclean" and shall not enter the "Lamb's Book of Life". (1) Those who do not keep the five commandments (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) are "unclean" and are not allowed to enter the "middle heaven of the Lamb. (2) Those who do not practise the four virtues of "mind, body, speech and conduct" and the "eight virtues" (filial piety, brotherhood, loyalty, propriety, justice and integrity) are "abominations" and are not allowed to enter (2) The "Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb". (3) Those who preach "God blesses, God loves you, Jesus loves you", and who have nothing to do with making "Magog (God of knowledge) see Gog (God of origin) and become Christ", are "liars". They are not allowed to enter into the "Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb". (4) He who determines who is the true Lamb, who becomes a disciple of the Lamb, who practices the doctrine of the Lamb, who remains in the "protective circle" of the doctrine of the Lamb, and who does not fall away during his lifetime, is "one whose name is written in the Lamb's book of life". (5) A devilish lackey who takes Jesus to be a lamb without knowing that he has not "opened the seven seals" cannot have his "name written in the Lamb's book of life". (6) Your master is not "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", you do not know what a lamb is, and you cannot write your "name in the Lamb's book of life".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 7 July 2017 20:00 12:24 Edit 31 July Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









