Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 28 The Jewish priests slandered "Saul" with lies
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
28:1 At that time the Philistines gathered their armies to fight against the Israelites. Aggie said to David, "Know that you and all who follow you will go out to war with me."
28:2 David said to Aggie, "What a servant can do, the king will know." And Aggie said to David, "In this way, I am making you my chief guard forever."
28:3 Then Samuel had died, and all Israel wept over him, and buried him in Ramah, which was in his own city. Saul had forbidden in the country those who dealt with demons and those who practiced witchcraft.
28:4 And the Philistines gathered together and came and encamped at Shunem; and Saul gathered all Israel and encamped at Gilboa.
28:5 When Saul saw the Philistine army, he was afraid, and his heart trembled.
28:6 And Saul inquired of the LORD, but the LORD answered him not by dreams, or by Urim, or by prophets.
28:7 And Saul commanded his servant, saying, "Find me a woman who has a demon, so that I may go and ask her." The servant said, "There is a woman in Chedor who is a devil-bearer."
28:8 So Saul changed his clothes, put on other clothes, and took two men with him, and went to the woman by night. And Saul said, "Please, by the spell of intercourse with demons, bring up for me the dead man whom I have told you about."
28:9 The woman said to him, "You know that Saul cut off from the kingdom those who deal in demons and those who practice witchcraft. Why have you framed my life and caused me to die?"
28:10 And Saul swore to the woman by the LORD, "I swear by the living LORD: you will not be punished for this."
28:11 The woman said, "For whom shall I invite up for you?" The answer was, "Call Samuel up for me."
28:12 When the woman saw Samuel, she cried out with a loud voice and said to Saul, "You are Saul; why do you deceive me?"
28:13 The king said to the woman, "Do not be afraid; what have you seen?" The woman said to Saul, "I saw a god coming up out of the earth."
28:14 Saul said, "What kind of shape is he in?" The woman said, "An old man came up, clothed in long clothes." And Saul knew that it was Samuel, and he bowed down, and fell on his face and worshipped.
28:15 Samuel said to Saul, "Why have you disturbed me and invited me up here?" Saul answered, "I am in great distress, because the Philistines have attacked me, and God has left me, and will no longer answer me by prophets or dreams. Therefore come up, that you may show me what I should do."
28:16 Samuel said, "The LORD has left you, and is against you; why do you ask me?
28:17 The LORD has taken the kingdom out of your hand and given it to someone else, David, according to what he has said through me.
28:18 Because you did not obey the command of the LORD, and he was angry with the Amalekites, and you did not exterminate them, therefore today the LORD has done this to you.
28:19 and the LORD will deliver you and the Israelites into the hand of the Philistines. Tomorrow you and all your sons will be with me in one place; and the LORD will deliver the armies of Israel into the hands of the Philistines ."
28:20 Saul fell down violently and stood up on the ground, terrified at Samuel's words. He had not eaten anything that day and night, and he had no strength.
28:21 When the woman came to Saul, she saw that he was terrified, and said to him, "The handmaid has obeyed your words, and has done what you have commanded, not caring for her own life.
28:22 Now I beg you, listen to the handmaid, and allow me to set a little food before you, so that you may eat and have strength for your journey."
28:23 Saul refused, saying, "I will not eat." But his servants and the woman persuaded him again and again, so he listened to them, got up from the ground, and sat down on the bed.
28:24 The woman hurriedly slaughtered a fatted calf that was in the house, and took the flour and made it into unleavened bread and baked it.
28:25 and set it before Saul and his servants; and when they had eaten it, they arose and went away that night.

Explanatory section.
9-169. (1) "28:2 And Aggie said to David, "Thus I have made you my chief guard forever", asking, "Is that so? (2) "28:3 And Saul had forbidden in his country any man who had fellowship with demons or who practised witchcraft", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes. For "those who have devils and practise witchcraft" are the most intolerable to the "priests", because they "have devils and practise witchcraft" in word and deed, so that The divine authority of the "priests" was most challenged by their words and actions.

9-170, (1) "28:5 When Saul saw the Philistine army, he was afraid and trembled in his heart. 28:6 Saul asked the LORD, but the LORD did not answer him by a dream, or by Urim, or by a prophet", Q. Is this true? (2) "28:8 Bring up for me the dead whom I have told you, by the magic of the devil". Answer: (1) No. The statement that "Saul feared when he saw the Philistine army and trembled in his heart, but the Lord did not answer him by dreams, or by Urim, or by prophets" is a slanderous insult by the "Jewish priests" against "Saul", who had a high regard for death. "The reason is simply that "Samuel was dead" and "Saul" was no longer protected by "Samuel". (2) This is not the case. It was the "Jewish priests" who were slandering and abusing "Saul" who was so desperate to die. It was the "Jewish priests" who were belittling "Saul" while exalting "Samuel, who was dead at that time". (3) The "spells of the devil" are just like the "great dens and divine women" who serve the immortals in the northeast, but they are in fact demons and devils who have possessed the dead and confused the people. They have no power to let the dead out of hell at will, but are all demons and devils talking nonsense in the name of the "dead".

9-171, (1) "28:12 When the woman saw Samuel, she cried out with a loud voice, saying to Saul, "You are Saul, why do you deceive me?" , Q. Is that so? (2) "28:14 And the woman said, An old man has come up, clothed in long clothes. When Saul knew that it was Samuel, he bowed down and worshipped with his face on the ground", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) No. (2) It was a demonic "Samuel", not a real "Samuel". This is a case of the "Jewish priests" belittling "Saul" while exalting "Samuel, who was already dead at that time". (3) The whole "Old Testament" is in this tone and similar farce.

9-172, (1) "28:15 And Samuel said to Saul, "Why have you disturbed me and invited me up?" and asked, "Is that so? (2) "And Saul answered and said to him, I am in great distress, because the Philistines have attacked me, and God has left me, and will no longer answer me by prophets or dreams. Therefore come up here, that you may show me what I should do". Answer: (1) It is impossible that "Samuel" could have come out of hell to speak to "Saul", the last king, just because of a divine woman. Only demon-possessed demons like the "priests" (priests and ministers) would tell such a lie, because only in this way could they be convinced that they, the "priests", had the power and authority. This "Samuel" could only be the devil. (2) It is all lies made up by demons like the "priests" (priests and ministers). This is the "priestly group" insulting "Saul", this is the "priestly group" avenging "Samuel". (3) This is how the devil's group insulted the king in order to intimidate the people.

9-173, "28:16 And Samuel said, "The LORD has left you, and is against you; why do you ask me? The LORD has taken the kingdom out of your hand, according to what he has said through me, and given it to another, David. Because you did not obey the command of the LORD, and he was angry with the Amalekites, and you did not destroy them, therefore the LORD has done this to you today, and the LORD will deliver you and Israel into the hands of the Philistines. Tomorrow you and all your sons will be with me; the LORD will deliver the armies of Israel into the hands of the Philistines". Answer: (1) These are lies made up by demonic people like "priests". The deification of "Samuel" (priests) to intimidate people in order to give authority to their own "priestly community" is a farce staged by demons to "hide the truth from the world". (2) Such demonic heresies are sure to fool the "Westerners", which is why modern science began in the West. It is the use of scientific theories to disprove the demonic heresies of the Bible.

9-174, (1) "28:20 Saul fell down violently and stood up on the ground, terrified at Samuel's words. He had eaten nothing that day and that night, and he had no strength", Q. Is this true? (2) "28:21 And when the woman came to Saul, she saw that he was exceedingly frightened, and said to him, The handmaid has listened to you, and has done what you commanded her, not caring for her own life. Now hear the handmaid, and let me set a little food before you, that you may eat and have strength to walk"; Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) This is all a lie of the devil. (2) The purpose is to deify "Samuel" (priests, ministers, pastors, demons) in order to scare people so that the "priestly community" will have authority.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





