Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 34 Jacob's sons murdered with cruelty
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 34 Jacob's sons were brutal and murderous
(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto any of the host of the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make a pillar of the stone that you have pillowed, and pour oil on it; build an altar to God" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself, and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden, and which the LORD has clearly stated These are the words and deeds that the LORD clearly states are "not to be".
Genesis 34: Jacob's daughter is disgraced (34:1-12)
34:1 And Leah brought out the daughter whom she had given to Jacob to meet the women of the land.
34:2 And when Shechem the son of Hagar, the Hivite, the lord of the land, saw her, he took her and committed adultery with her, and defiled her.
34:3 And Shechem's heart was set on Dinah the daughter of Jacob, and he loved the woman, and comforted her with sweet words.
4. "34:4 And Shechem said to his father Hagar, "Take this woman to be my wife, I pray you." (1) It shows that Shechem was not a bad man. (2) It shows that Shechem was a good and responsible man.
34:5 When Jacob heard that Shechem had defiled his daughter Dinah, while his sons were in the field with the herd, Jacob kept his mouth shut and waited for their return.
6. "34:6 And Hagar, the father of Shechem, came out to Jacob to consult with him." (1) It shows that "Hagar" was a responsible father. (2) It shows that "Hagar" respected Jacob.
7. "34:7 When Jacob's sons heard this, they came back from the field, and all of them were angry and furious, because Shechem had done a scandalous thing in the house of Israel, committing adultery with Jacob's daughter, which they should not have done." (1) "When Jacob's sons heard this, they returned from the field, and all of them were indignant and very angry," indicating that they were uninformed, lacking in education and breeding, and barbaric, as if they were in a primitive society. This is a sign of the isolation and backwardness of the Jacobite family, which had been living a "nomadic life". The fact that they were confined to their own little circle and had no contact with the wider world only left them without vision and insight. (2) That the sons of Jacob should call themselves the "house of Israel", not knowing that their father Jacob had defiled "Israel" with his vile words and deeds, shows that the sons of Jacob were a bunch of animals, that the devil had many offspring, and that Jacob had a devilish The group. (3) Although "committing adultery with Jacob's daughter, which is a wrong thing to do," Shechem's father and son were responsible and Shechem was not a bad person. If Shechem had been irresponsible and bad, Shechem's father, Hagar, would not have come out to Jacob to explain that Shechem was sincere in his desire to take Dinah as his wife.
34:8 And Hagar conferred with them, saying, "The heart of my son Shechem is in love with this woman, and I beg you to give her to my son as a wife.
34:9 You may give us your daughters, or you may marry our daughters, if you are married to us.
10. "34:10 Stay with us! All this land is before you; dwell here, buy and sell, and buy property." (1) This shows that Hagar was a very open-minded and reasonable man, who did things carefully and thoughtfully, and did not mean to bully the outsiders. (2) "Hagar" sincerely wanted to be related to Jacob's family.
34:11 Shechem said to her daughter's father and brothers, "May I be gracious in your sight, and whatever you ask of me, I will give it to you.
12. "34:12 Ask of me any amount of money or gift, and I will give it to you as you have said, if you will give me the woman for a wife." (1) "Shechem" expresses his sincerity to Jacob's family. (2) Shechem was a good and responsible man.
Genesis 34: All the men of Shechem were circumcised (34:13-31)
34:13 And the sons of Jacob, because Shechem had defiled their sister Dinah, answered Shechem and his father Hagar with deceitful words.
34:14 saying to them, "We cannot give our sister to an uncircumcised man as a wife, for that would be a disgrace to us.
34:15 Only one thing will be promised, if all your male children are circumcised, as we are
34:16 then we will give you our daughters and marry your daughters also, and we will live with you, and both will become the same people.
17. "34:17 If you do not obey our circumcision, we will take our sisters and go away." (1) The sons of Jacob showed the devil for what he was, lying and deceiving and treating people harshly and cruelly. (2) The "circumcision" was to have been done on the "eighth day of life", not on the "eighth day of life". (2) The circumcision was to be done on the "eighth day of life", not on the "eighth day of life".
34:18 Hagar and his son Shechem liked this statement.
34:19 The young man was not late in doing this, for he loved Jacob's daughter. He was also the most respected of all in his father's house.
34:20 And Hagar and Shechem his son went to the gate of the city, and said to the men of the city.
34:21 "These people are at peace with us; it would not be better to allow them to dwell in the land and to trade; and the land is wide enough to accommodate them. We may take their daughters as wives, and we may give our daughters in marriage to them.
34:22 But there is one thing we must do before they will agree to live with us and become the same people; that is, that all the male children among us be circumcised and be like them.
34:23 Will not all their herds, their goods and all their cattle be ours? As long as they obey them, they will dwell with us."
24. "34:24 And all who entered or left through the gates of the city listened to Hagar and to Shechem his son. So all the men who entered and left through the gates of the city were circumcised." (1) This means that "Hagar and his son Shechem" were the righteous men of the city, and that is why he had such a call to circumcise "all the men who came in and out of the gates of the city". (2) If "Hagar and his son Shechem" were not righteous men of the city, they would not have had such a call to circumcise "all the men who came in and out of the gates of the city".
Genesis 34: The sons of Jacob slaughtered the men of Shechem (34:13-31)
34:25 And it came to pass on the third day, while the people were in pain, that the two sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, the brothers of Dinah, came to the city, each with a sword, when the people were not expecting them, and killed all the men.
34:26 And they killed Hagar and his son Shechem with the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house and went away.
34:27 And the sons of Jacob, because their sisters had been defiled, came to the slain men, and took the city captive
34:28 and took their flocks and their herds and their asses, and all that was in the fields of the city
34:29 and took all their goods, their children, and their women, and all that was in their houses, and plundered them.
30. "34:30 And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, "You have brought me into disrepute among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Bereishites. Since my people are scarce, they will gather to strike me down, and I and my whole family will become extinct." : (1) Jacob says these things deliberately in order to pretend he doesn't know, to create the illusion that his son had nothing to do with the slaughter and plunder, and to allow himself to escape guilt. This shows that Jacob was a cunning "old fox". (2) "And Simeon and Levi took their swords, and came into the city and killed all the men, and killed Hagar and his son Shechem with their swords, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went away". Do you not know such things as your son has done? You could not, and had no reason not to, know! You had plenty of time to know! You knew your son was going to kill someone and you didn't stop it, you were the mastermind and it wasn't that they dragged you along with them. Get it? The devil. (3) Simeon and Levi "took their flocks, their herds, their donkeys, and all that was in the fields of the city, and all their goods, their children, their women, and all that was in their houses, and they took them captive", Jacob! Do you not know such things as your son has done? You could not, and had no reason not to, know! You had plenty of time to know! You knew your sons were going to kill and you didn't stop it; you were the mastermind, not that they dragged you into it. Get it? The devil.
(4) Jacob, you were not only "notorious" among the Canaanites and the Bereans for killing the righteous, you were "notorious" with your father Isaac for fleeing to your maternal uncle Laban's house in Padan Aram, and 20 years later you were "notorious" in Padan Aram. You fled back 20 years later in Batan Aram because you were "notorious". Have you forgotten? The world has not forgotten your bad deeds. (5) Get it? Jacob, you are a notorious devil, you are the opposite of "Israel". The name "Israel" was not given to you as a compliment, but as a "sarcasm, an insult", see? Stupid pig, beast.
(6) "Since my people are few, they will gather to smite me, and I and my whole family will be exterminated." These statements of yours show that you are cowardly, that you have "lost against God and against men", and that you have no right to be called "Israel"! Do you understand? Stupid pig. (7) The world cannot be without wicked people like you in the guise of Yahweh, without "prophets of Yahweh" like you, people would not know what a "stupid pig or devil" is. Your family are the "antagonists and antinomians" who open our eyes and eyes to the fact that without your family, there would be people who would become Christ. Your family is the "living target" for the LORD to make Christians into Christ, got it? Stupid pigs.
31. "34:31 They said, "Shall he treat our sister as a prostitute?" : (1) In order to marry Dinah, Shechem agreed to your harshest demands. "Hagar and his son Shechem" had "all the men who came in and out of the gates of the city circumcised", and the fact that they had such a call shows that they were the righteous men of the city. (2) Shechem the righteous agreed to your most demanding demands as a condition for marrying Dinah, and did not "treat your sisters like prostitutes" at all, see? Bastards. (3) Shechem the righteous fulfilled your condition by having "all the men who came through the gates of the city circumcised" in order to marry Dinah, but he did not "treat your sister like a prostitute". Bastards.
Posted by Li Huaiju on September 4, 2017 11:00 am 4 days 17:48 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article