Bible Old Testament 9, 1 Samuel, True Commentary, Trial of Samuel 3-1
9-151: And when David knew that Saul had devised a plot against him, he said to Abiathar, the priest, "Bring over Ephrath," and asked, Is that so? David prayed, "O LORD God of Israel, your servant has heard the truth that Saul is coming to Gilgal to destroy the city for my sake. And the men of Gilgal will not deliver me into the hand of Saul? And will Saul come down according to the word of your servant? O LORD God of Israel! Please instruct your servant", asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
9-152: And the LORD said, "Saul will come down", and asked, Is that so? And David said, "Will the men of Khiara deliver me and those who follow me into Saul's hand and not deliver them?" And the LORD said, "It shall be handed over," and asked, Is that so? Answer: yes. Is. The men of Gilead did not dare to receive him.
9-153, "And David and about six hundred men that followed him rose up and went out of Keilah as far as they could go", Q: Is that so? And Jonathan the son of Saul arose and went to David into the wood, that he might be strengthened in God, and said to him, "Do not be afraid; the hand of my father Saul will not harm you. You will be king over Israel, and I will be your prime minister. This is known to my father Saul", Q. Is this so? Answer: Yes. It is said that "Jonathan" was lying to "David".
9-154: "David hastened to hide from Saul, for Saul and those who followed him surrounded David and those who followed him on all sides to capture them". Then a messenger came and reported to Saul, saying, "The Philistines have broken into the country and plundered it; ask the king to return quickly". Answer: Yes. Yea.
9-155: "Then Saul chose three thousand of his best men from among the Israelites, and led them to the rock of the wild sheep, to seek David and those who were following him." Q: Is that so? "And when he came to the sheepfold by the roadside, there was a hole there, and Saul went in and relieved himself greatly. David and those who were following him were hiding in the depths of the cave", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

9-156, "The LORD has promised you, saying, 'I will give your enemy into your hand, and you may do with him as you wish.' Now the time has come", Q. Is this true? "Then David arose and quietly cut off the lapels of Saul's outer robe", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "The LORD" has not said such a thing. (1) "Jehovah" did not say anything like that. [Only demonic demons like the "priests" (priests and ministers) would say such a thing, because the "priests" wanted to deify "Jehovah" to intimidate everyone. They also slander, scandalize and abuse "Yahweh", so that the "priests" are the embodiment of lying, demonic and misleading demons. (2) It was "David" who did this to prove that he was a faithful man.
9-157, "My Lord is the Lord's anointed, and I will not dare to stretch out my hand against him before the Lord, for he is the Lord's anointed". "And David called to Saul, saying, My lord and my king! And Saul turned back to see, and David bowed down with his face to the ground and worshipped", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. It is so.
9-158, "O my Father! Look at the lapels of your outer robe in my hands. I cut off the lapels of thy garments and did not kill thee; by this thou mayest know that I did not rebel against thee with malice. Though you have hunted my life, I have not sinned against you", Q. Did David say this? "May the LORD judge between you and me, and determine right and wrong, and see, and do me justice, and deliver me from your hand", Q. Did David say this? Answer: Yes. Yes.
9-159: "And when David had said these words to Saul, Saul said, Is this your voice, my son David? And he let out a loud cry", and asked: Is this so? "You are more righteous than I, for you have treated me with good, but I have treated you with evil. You have shown today that you have treated me with good, for the LORD has given me into your hand, and you have not killed me. If a man meets his enemy, will he let him go unharmed? May the LORD repay you in kindness for what you have done to me today. I also know that you will reign, and the kingdom of Israel will be firmly established in your hand. Now you shall swear to me by the LORD that you will not cut off my descendants and that you will not destroy my name in my father's house". Answer: Yes. Yea.
9-160: "Then David sent ten servants, and commanded them, saying, May my servant be gracious in thy sight, for he is come in a good day. Take some at hand and give it to the servants and to David your son". Q: Is that so? "Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? There have been many servants of late who have run away in rebellion against their masters. Shall I give food and drink, and meat slaughtered by my shearers, to a man from whom I do not know where he comes?" Q: Is this what Nabal said to David's servant? Answer: Yes. Is.

9-161: "One of Nabal's servants told Abigail, Nabal's wife, that David had sent messengers from the wilderness to ask my master's peace, but he had abused them. But those men treated us well. We were not bullied by them, nor did we lose anything when we went with them in the field. While we were shepherding their sheep, they were our security day and night", Q. Is this true? "And Abigail hastened to take two hundred loaves of bread, and two leather bags of wine, and five gathered sheep, and five fine sheaves of baked bread, and a hundred loaves of grapes, and two hundred loaves of figs, and put them on her donkey, and said to her servants, Go ahead, and I will go with you. But she did not tell her husband, Nabal," and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.
9-162: "In vain did I watch for that man in the wilderness what I had, so that he did not lose the same! He returned good for evil to me. If I keep one of the men of Nabal until tomorrow morning, may God punish me severely", Q. Was this what David had said? When David had received the gift from Abigail, he said to her, "I have listened to you and granted your favour, so you can go home in peace!" , asked, Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-163: "And in the morning, when Nabal had sobered up, and his wife had told him all these things, he was disembodied and stiff as a stone", Q: Is that so? "And after ten days the LORD struck Nabal, and he died", Q. Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) It was the husband and wife who fought because of their disagreement, and Nabal was killed. "Such a demonic heresy can only be said by demon-possessed demons like the "priests". They want to deify "Jehovah" to intimidate everyone so that they can have authority over him. The "priests" (priests, priests) were the embodiment of lying, slanderous demons.
9-164: "David sent and spoke to Abijah that he would take her as his wife". "And immediately Abigail arose, and got on her donkey, and took five ambassadors, and went after David's messengers, and became David's wife", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
9-165, "And David and Abishai came to the people by night, and saw Saul sleeping in the camp of provisions, with his spear by his head, stuck in the ground. And Zaniel and the people slept around him", Q. Is this so? "And David took the spear and the flask of water from beside Saul's head, and they both went away, and no one saw, and no one knew, and no one woke up, but all slept", Q: Is this so? "For the LORD caused them to fall into a deep sleep", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) It is not the LORD's business. "Such a demonic heresy can only be said by demon-possessed demons like the "priests" (priests and pastors), because the "priests" (priests and pastors) want to deify them. priests and pastors) want to deify "Yahweh" in order to intimidate everyone so that they can give themselves authority, and they are at the same time slandering, scandalising and abusing "Yahweh", so the "priests" are the embodiment of the demons who kidnap "Yahweh", who lie, and who deceive the people.

9-166, "I have sinned! My son David, you may return. Because you see my life as precious today, I will do you no more harm. I was a foolish man, and I was greatly mistaken!" (Q): Is this what "Saul" said? "Here is the king's spear; tell one of the servants to come and take it. Today the LORD has given the king into my hand, but I will not stretch out my hand to harm the LORD's anointed one. The LORD will repay each man according to his righteousness and honesty. I look upon your life today, and may the LORD look upon mine, and save me from all my troubles", Q. Did "David" say this? Answer: Yes. Yes.
9-167: "And David arose and went with the six hundred men who were with him to Agag, the son of Ma'or, king of Gath", Q. Is this true? "And David dwelt in the land of Philistia a year and four months", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-168, "And David and those who followed him went up and invaded the land of the Kishites, the Kishites, and the Amalekites. These tribes had been living in the land from Shur to Egypt. David struck down all the people of the land, leaving no man or woman behind; and he took cattle, sheep, camels, donkeys and clothes, and returned to Aggi". "David may have resorted to guerrilla warfare to invade these places, for these three tribes were known for their surprise attacks and cruelty to the innocent inhabitants", Q: Is that so? Answer: yes. Is.
9-169: And Aggi said to David, "In this way I will make you my chief guard for ever", Q. Is this so? "Saul had forbidden in his country any man who dealt with demons or practised sorcery", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. For "those who have devils and practise witchcraft" are the most intolerable to the "priests", for their words and deeds of "devils and witchcraft" make The greatest challenge to the divine authority of the "priests" was their words and deeds "with demons and witchcraft".

9-170, "When Saul saw the Philistine army, he was afraid and trembled in his heart. Saul asked the LORD, but the LORD did not answer him by a dream, or by Urim, or by a prophet", Q. Is this true? "Bring up for me the dead whom I have told you, by the spell of the devil"? Answer: Yes. Yes. The "spell of the handing over of ghosts" is just like the "great dens and divine wives" who serve the immortals in the northeast, but in fact they are demons and devils who have possessed their bodies and have confused the people, because "the dead are in hell" and they do not have the power to let the dead out at will. They do not have the power to let the dead out of hell at will, but are all demons and devils talking nonsense in the name of the "dead".
9-171: "When the woman saw Samuel, she cried out with a loud voice and said to Saul, "You are Saul, why do you deceive me?" And he asked, "Is that so? "And the woman said, An old man came up, clothed in a long garment. And when Saul knew that it was Samuel, he bowed down and worshipped with his face on the ground", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. It was a demonic "Samuel", not a real "Samuel".
9-172, "And Samuel said to Saul, "Why have you disturbed me and invited me up?" And he asked, "Is that so? "And Saul answered and said unto him, I am in great distress, because the Philistines have attacked me, and God has left me, and will not answer me by prophets or by dreams. Therefore come up here, that you may show me what I should do", Q. Is that so? Answer: (1) It is impossible that "Samuel" could have come out of hell to speak to "Saul", the last king, just because of a divine woman. Only demon-possessed demons like the "priests" (priests and ministers) would dare to tell such a lie, because this is the only way to convince people that they, the "priests", have the power and authority to do so. (2) These are lies made up by demonic men like the "priests" (priests and ministers).
9-173, "Why do you ask me when the LORD has left you and is against you? The LORD has taken the kingdom out of your hand and given it to another, David, according to what he has said through me. Because you did not obey the command of the LORD, and he was angry with the Amalekites, and you did not destroy them, therefore the LORD has done this to you today, and the LORD will deliver you and Israel into the hands of the Philistines. Tomorrow you and all your sons will be with me; the LORD will deliver the armies of Israel into the hands of the Philistines". Answer: (1) These are lies made up by demonic people like "priests". The deification of "Samuel" (priests) to intimidate people in order to give authority to their own "priestly community" is a farce staged by demons to "hide the truth from the world". (2) Such demonic heresies are sure to fool the "Westerners", which is why modern science began in the West. It is the use of scientific theories to disprove the demonic heresies of the Bible.
9-174, "Saul fell down violently and stood up on the ground, terrified at Samuel's words. He had eaten nothing that day and that night, and he had no strength", Q. Is this true? "And the woman came to Saul, and saw that he was exceedingly frightened, and said to him, The handmaid hearkened unto thee, and did what thou commanded her, not caring for her own life. Now I beg you, listen to the handmaid, and allow me to set a little food before you, that you may eat and have strength to walk"; and asked, Is this so? Answer: This is all a lie of the devil. The purpose is to deify "Samuel" (priest, priest, minister, demon) in order to intimidate everyone and to give authority to the "priestly community".

9-175: "And each of the chiefs of the Philistines led his army, a hundred or a thousand, and advanced in turn. David and those who followed him followed with Aggi", Q. Is that so? Tell this man to return to the place where you have placed him, and do not send him into battle with us, lest he should become our enemy in battle. What will he use to make peace with his master? Q. Did the chief of the Philistines say this in anger to the "Aggie"? Answer: Yes. Yes.
9-176: And Aggi called David and said to him, "I swear by the living LORD that you are a righteous man. You have been with me in the army, and I have seen good in you. I have not seen any fault in you since you came to me, but the chiefs have not been pleased with you. Now you can go back in peace, lest the chiefs of the Philistines should not be pleased with you", and asked, "Is that so? David said to Aggie, "What have I done? What fault have you found out about me since my servant came to you until this day, that I should not go against the enemies of the Lord, my king?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-177, "And David and those who followed him rose up in the morning and went back to the land of Philistia. The Philistines also went up to Jezreel", Q: Is that so? "And the Amalekites had already invaded the land of the south, and had broken through Zechlag, and burned it with fire, and had taken the women of the city, and the great and small population thereof, but had not killed any of them, but had taken them all away with them", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
9-178. "And when David and those who followed him came to the city, they were not surprised that it was burned, and that their wives and children were taken captive; and two of David's wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelite and Abigail the Carmelite, who had been Nabal's wife, were taken captive". Answer: Yes. Yes.
9-179. "David was very anxious, for the people were distressed about their children, and said that they would stone him to death", Q: Is this so? "But David leaned on the LORD his God, and was strong in his heart", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) No, this is a wild guess made by the devil, the "priest" (priest, pastor). Any king would have had the grace not to be alarmed, not to be "very anxious" at all. (2) David relied on his own wisdom, his maturity and steadiness of mind. The words "leaning on the LORD his God and being strong in his heart" are a wild guess by the devil, the "priest" (priest).
9-180, "And David said to Abiathar the priest, the son of Ahimelech, "Bring me Ephrath, please. And Abiathar brought Ephrath to David", asking: Is this so? "And David asked the LORD, saying, Can I pursue the enemy, and can I pursue them? And the LORD said, "You may pursue, and you will catch up, and all will be saved", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) This was invented by the devil himself, the "priest" (the priest), to deify "Ephrathah" (the garment worn by the "priest") and to highlight The authority of the "priests" (priest, pastor). (2) It was not "Yahweh" who said this, but the devil himself, the "priest" (priest), who made it up. Anyone else, let alone the wise "David", would have pursued the enemy