Bible New Testament 27th Book of Revelation True Commentary (Chapter 6) "The Lamb" (BaiYang Patriarch) opened for printing
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 6 (BAYANG BISHOP) Opening of the First Seal (6:1-2)
27-6:1, "6:1 When I saw the Lamb opening the first of the seven seals, I heard the voice of one of the four living creatures like thunder, saying, "Come!" (1) The "first of the seven seals" is an instruction to the "church in Ephesus" not to turn away from the love of the beginning and to hate the works of the Nicolaitans, which I also hate. (2) Do not forget that the original purpose of entering Christianity as a "Christian" was to become a "second Jesus Christ". (3) "The priestly system of the Roman Catholic Church, the sacramental system of the Anglican Church, the priestly system of the Reformed Church (Protestant, Christian), the three-tier system of the Orthodox Church", these "systems" give birth to the "priesthood" (priests, ministers, priests). The "names" of these "systems" (priest, pastor, archpastor, bishop, archbishop, high priest, high priest of monks, priest of priests) are in fact the "priests and high priests" of Judaism, which are the acts of the "Nicolaitans", hated by Jesus in heaven, and are the acts of the whole "Nicolaitans" today. This is the behaviour of the "Nicolaitans" who are hated by Jesus in heaven and are the mainstay of "Christianity" today, which means that "Satan the Devil" has entered "Christianity" and has created such an abnormal situation. The "church system" shows that the "church" has become a demonic group manipulated by the "demon Satan" to corrupt Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity. This means that the "Church" (the Nicolaitans), under the guise of Christianity, is the target of the "Last Judgment"! (4) The letter to the "Church of Ephesus" is explained as the "Lamb unveiling the first of the seven seals", that is, the "Lamb" (the Berean Patriarch) giving the The "lion's roar", so "one of the four living creatures, with a voice like thunder", means that this is the Genesis who is "like a lion". (5) "Say: You come", only after you have come out of the mountain do religious people become aware of "the law of inaction and the law of action, the boat of the law and the other shore, the mirror of the demon and the golden rod", and realise that they have ignored these basics of "becoming Christ and returning to heaven". Only then did you realise that you had ignored the basics of becoming a Christ and returning to heaven, and that you knew what the demonic sons and daughters and groups of demons were who were wearing robes and coming from within to corrupt the righteousness of the law. Only after you came to Christianity and explained the Book of Revelation did Christians realise that the various "Christian churches" were the "Nicolaitans" that Jesus hated. You don't come, Christians have been deceived without knowing it, and have been promoting Judaism without knowing it.

27-6:2, "6:2 Then I looked, and saw a white horse; and he who was on it had a bow, and a crown was given to him. And he came out, and prevailed and will prevail": (1) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, before the world knew it was time for the White Sunset to come as scheduled, there was a man on a white horse who started the White Sunset, and this man was the one who started the White Sunset with the "White Sunset Dharma "The year 2014 is the Year of the White Horse, and the year of the White Horse is the Year of the White Horse. "In the second half of the Year of the White Horse, he was instructed by God to interpret the Long Hua Sutra, and he used the essence of Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism, Buddhism and Taoism to create the "Baiyang Buddhism of Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism and Taoism". This is why he has become the "Long Bow Patriarch". This is "a white horse; he who rides on it holds a bow". (2) The "Chief Archer" was "given a crown by God" because he had found the reason for the unity of the three religions. (3) Wherever there is a "monk" (religious person) who wants to return to heaven, he comes out to be the protector of the "monk". If the "Tang monk" (religious person) who wanted to return to heaven did not have him as the first protector, he would have been misled into slavery by "devils in various trappings" in the first instance. (4) He "won and will win" because he has "eyes of fire and a golden rod" and because he is the reincarnation of the Buddha who is known to all Chinese people. He went into the Bible and found a vast amount of the devil's "ecstasy", met God and Jesus, and then interpreted the Book of Revelation, and immediately became the new Christ, "with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and it became inevitable that he "overcame and will overcome". It became inevitable that he would "overcome and will overcome".

Revelation 6 (The Berean Church) opens the second seal (6:3-4)
27-6:3, "6:3 And when the second seal was opened, I heard the second living creature say, "Come!" (1) The opening of the second seal was an instruction to the "church of Smyrna" that they were not in fact Jews, but people of Satan's time, and that you should not be afraid of what you are about to suffer, but be faithful to the end, and I will give you the crown of life. (2) Genesis 32:28 And the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men". To "triumph with God and with men" means not to be intimidated by the lies of the Jewish "priests" (priests, ministers), to respect and not to fear "Yahweh", not to practise The "Christian discipline" of "chanting hymns and prayers" is such that one becomes a "great saint in heaven and on earth". This is the true "Israel, the Jew". He who has "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the shining sun, who hates the Nicolaitans and has received a rod of iron" is the true "Israel, the Jew". (3) Don't become a "Jew". (3) Do not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", but fear God, for such a tone is "the slanderous words of a man of Satan who claims to be a Jew". (4) If you want to follow Christ to eternal life in heaven, you will have to "suffer", and those who reach heaven will be those who "suffer to the end". If you are "afraid of suffering" and cannot suffer, you will not be able to follow Christ to eternal life in heaven. (5) "Be thou faithful unto death" means to have an attitude of resignation to death. If religious people are afraid of death, they will be "defeated by the devil" and will fall into surrender. (6) Like Jesus, who was martyred for the truth, the Lord was able to "give him the crown of life" and give him eternal life in heaven.
(7) The "second living creature" was a white tiger "like a calf". It is only after you have come out of the mountain that the faithful will know that it is the devil's wish that a man should become a "hard-working old bull"; a "calf that is not afraid of the tiger", a "bull in the bullring". It is the bull that fights back "in the bullring" that is the Christ with "eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth" and the Jew who is "faithful unto death". The white tiger is the symbol of the marshal who leads the emperor's army.

27-6:4, "6:4 Then another horse came out, red in colour, and authority was given to him who rode the horse to take away peace from the earth and to cause men to kill each other, and a great sword was given to him": (1) "A horse" is the noon of the twelve divisions of the earth. It is the horse, the vermilion bird, which indicates a literal message. (1) "And another horse came out, a red one", which is the Red Sun World, where the Buddha came out and taught "the non-dual Dharma of clarity of mind and nature". (2) "Another horse came out, red in colour, and authority was given to him who rode the horse", indicating that the modern-day "lamb" has received the "Muni pearl" handed down by the ancestors of the ancient Hongyang Se, and has become (3) "The one who has the authority to do so has been given the horse rider. (3) "Authority was given to the one on the horse", and it was the "lamb on the horse" who received the "precious pearl of Muni, the divine needle of the sea, the golden hoop stick and the iron staff" from the "Dragon Palace of the Eastern Sea". It was the "lamb on the horse" who received from the Dragon Palace in the East Sea the "Muni pearl, the needle of the sea, the golden rod and the iron staff", because the "lamb on the horse" realized that all the "non-dual methods of clearing one's mind and seeing one's nature" (the method of inaction), which were explained in the Vajra Sutra and the Tantric Sutra, were "a way to make one's mind Anything that is different from the teachings of the Vajra Sutra, the Tantras, the Heart Sutra and the Sutra of Perfect Enlightenment is a slanderous and demonic scripture that destroys the Buddha's teachings. (4) The "peacefulness" was due to the "Dharma movement", and after the death of Master Hui Neng in 713, the monasteries were gradually deprived of the true Dharma for the realization of a clear mind. All those who studied Buddhism were reduced to slaves of the Dharma in the magic cave of "learning from monks but not knowing", and there was no "enlightened one who breaks the enlightenment and illuminates the darkness". (5) The "Lamb", who had received the authority, and his disciples, used the "mirror and the golden rod" to take away from the earth the "false peace" dominated by the demon king, who was playing with the dharma slaves with all kinds of magic (sapientia). (6) "The Rider of the Horse". (6) The "Lamb on a Horse" and his disciples, the Pure Land Lama disciples who used the Vajra Sutra and the Tantras to tell them that their "burning incense and kowtowing to the Buddha's name" is "seeing me with colours and seeking me with sounds, is an evil way, and cannot see They are a group of demons and demon sons and daughters who have come from within to corrupt the righteousness of the Dharma. The "state-sanctioned" Pure Land Lamaism stigmatises the "lamb on the horse" and its disciples as a cult, which is how (7) "There is another handful of demons". (7) "And a great sword was given to him" means that the "Lamb" (the Baisang Patriarch) has the power to subdue demons and heal people, as Jesus had done. (8) In the spring of 2008, he had his own website and opened a section called "Taoist Healing", where he would let anyone who was kind-hearted and posted a request to be healed be healed. The disciples demonstrated the "Easy with the mouth" technique, and whoever wanted to test it, raised their hand and immediately told them about your condition, leaving the nation's leading university professors dumbfounded. This is the "great sword" that God has given to the Middle Heaven Church to sweep away all evil spirits and snakes. (9) This shows that the "Lamb's" Zhongtianism is the "true path of cultivation and proof", the basis of the "Lamb's" vitality and self-confidence in the world, and the realization of It is the tool for "overthrowing the old Buddha and replacing him with a new one, for the five religions to be one and for the mother to return to her roots" (a sure thing), and the condition for "victory and victory".

Revelation 6 (Lord Baisang) opens the third seal (6:5-6)
27-6:5, "6:5 And when the third seal was opened, I heard the third living creature saying, "Come! And I looked, and saw a black horse; and he who rode on it had the scales in his hand": (1) The unveiling of the third seal was an instruction to the "church of Pergamos": He who had the two-edged sword said, "I know your dwelling place, where Satan has his seat. When Antipas, my faithful witness, was among you, and some obeyed the teaching of Balaam, he attacked them with the sword of my mouth. (2) While breaking down "Woe to you, you hypocritical scribes and Pharisees! Woe to you who lead blindly", while "being true to goodness; not forsaking the love of the beginning", this is Jesus Christ "with the two-edged sword". He who, on the one hand, destroys the demons of the Old Testament and, on the other hand, preaches the Book of Revelation, has the new Christ with the "two-edged sword". Anyone who has studied the Bible and has not received the "two-edged sword" is not a Christian, but a Jew under the guise of being a Christian. (3) Christians do not know that places where there are "priests, fathers and pastors" are "places where Satan sits", which means that you do not have the "two-edged sword" of Jesus (the sword of wisdom). This means that you are a legal slave who has been misled by Satan. (4) "Antipas", the "new Christ" who attacks the "Nicolaitans" with the "two-edged sword". (4) "Antipas", the "new Christ" who attacked the "Nicolaitans" with a "two-edged sword". (5) The rebuke of "having obeyed the teaching of Balaam" is a rebuke of Christians for failing to "abstain from wine and fornication", which is the "commandment" to "abstain from wine and fornication". This is the "commandment" of "abstaining from wine and fornication". Unfortunately, Jesus did not lay down an explicit rule that Christians could not understand as a "commandment" to "abstain from wine and fornication", and this was not a shortcoming caused by the Law, but a "test" left to Christians. This is not a shortcoming of the legal movement, but a "test" for Christians. Those who do not know that it is a "test" show that they are full of delusion and greed, and that Christians who break the commandments have become devils. (6) The fact that you are "Christians" but do not speak and act as Jesus did shows that you are Judaizers who are corrupting Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity, which is why Jesus will "come to you and strike them with the sword of my mouth".
(7) The "third face is like a man", a "dragon among men" with a change of face. It was only after you, the Lamb, came to the human world to preach that people remembered the "Journey to the West" and that both the divine and the demonic could change, and that they had the wisdom to be wary of any appearance. (8) The Daoists, who "practised internal qi" from Fuxi, predated Buddhism by the Buddha's teaching of Qing Yang Shi. "A black horse; he who rides on it, holding a balance in his hand, learns from the ancestors of the Daoists of the Qingyang lineage that "internal practice of qi" is the unique golden elixir. The Great Way. All natural breathing methods are false paths with no proof of cultivation because of their poor fire power and their inability to "gather essence and transform qi". With this insight, the practitioner has a yardstick for balancing the "true path and the false path". (9) To cultivate one's sexuality with the "Muni pearl" and to cultivate one's life with the "Golden Dao" is to truly cultivate both life and limb, and this is to have the "balance" of the heaven. Otherwise, all are lacking in cultivation, all are partial and unsatisfactory, and all cannot truly realize the never-ending cycle of rebirth.

27-6:6, "6:6 I heard a voice among the four living creatures saying, "A penny of silver for a litre of wheat, and a penny of silver for three litres of barley, and oil and wine shall not be spoiled": (1) "A penny of silver for a litre of wheat, and a penny of silver for three litres of barley, and oil and wine shall not be spoiled": (1) "A penny of silver for a litre of wheat, and a penny of silver for three litres of barley, and oil and wine shall not be spoiled ", indicating that the crops were plentiful and worthless and that it was a good year with good winds and rain. (2) The one who said this must be the dragon of the "four living creatures", for the dragon is responsible for rainfall and he knows what happens after the agricultural harvest.

Revelation 6 (The White Sun God) opens the fourth seal (6:7-8)
27-6:7, "6:7 And when the fourth seal was opened, I heard the fourth living creature saying, Come!" : (1) The fourth seal that was opened was an instruction to the "church of Thyatira": I will rebuke you, Son of God, whose eyes are like fire and whose feet are like bright bronze, for allowing Jezebel, the woman who calls herself a prophet, to teach my servants, to seduce them to commit adultery and to eat of idolatrous sacrifices; to him who overcomes and keeps my commands to the end, I will give authority I will give him authority over the nations, to rule them with a rod of iron. (2) The Jewish priests, like Jesus, who were aware of the practice of the Old Testament, were all incarnations of Satan who "kidnapped the Lord" to compel people to do evil through God, the "son of God whose eyes are like a flame of fire "(the "eyes of fire" of the Great Sage). Like Jesus, the Jewish priests who practised the "Old Testament" were "hypocritical scribes, blind guides", "sons of God with feet like bright brass". (3) To be aware of what things in the New Testament are demonic heresies edited by the church (demonic group), the "sons of God with eyes like flames". To use the Book of Revelation as a "demon mirror" to expose the Church as a demonic group is to be "a son of God with eyes like fire and feet like bright brass". Christians who have not become "sons of God with eyes like fire and feet like bright brass" have not received "Christ's indoctrination", which means that they have taken the "indoctrination of the faithful" for "Christ's indoctrination". He is a legal slave to "Christ's indoctrination", a Judaizer under the guise of Christianity.
(4) By not allowing "Christians" to accept "Christ's indoctrination", but instead allowing "Christians" to honour Mary, we are in effect allowing "Christians" to (4) By not allowing "Christians" to accept "Christ's indoctrination", but instead allowing "Christians" to worship Mary, "Christians" are in effect "raping" Christianity. Christianity has become a medium for Catholic lust. It is not only that "Christians" venerate Mary, sing hymns and prayers, and do charity work, but also that they "eat things sacrificed to idols". (5) The Jewish priests who practised the "Old Testament" could not be called out for being "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and the whole of Christianity today cannot be found to be a "Nicolaitan" group. The priests of the "Old Testament" were "hypocritical scribes, blind leaders", who could not discover that the whole of Christianity today is a "Nicolaitan" group, and that they have not become "sons of God with eyes like a flame of fire and feet like bright brass", and that they are not "those who overcome and keep my commands to the end", nor are they "given authority ". Christians cannot even distinguish between the "edification of the faithful and the edification of Christ" and are not only unable to subdue their own country or subdue the nations, but they are not given the authority to "rule them with a rod of iron". (6) How can Christians be "victorious" when they have become "priestly lambs"? They are all defeated, disqualified beasts.

27-6:8, "6:8 Then I looked, and saw a grey horse; and the name of him who was riding on it was Death, and Hades followed him. And authority was given to them to kill a quarter of the people of the earth by the sword, and by famine, and by pestilence (note: "pestilence" or "death"), and by wild beasts": (1) "And I saw a The grey horse" is distinctly different from the three preceding ones, and is a distinction between the three preceding cases. The Taoism of the black horse and the Buddhism, Christianity and Islam of the red horse have all completed their historical mission and retired from the stage of history on 21 December 2012, and the "five religions of the family, the White Sun religion of recognising one's mother and returning to one's roots" of the Lamb, the Middle Heaven religion, will become the only true path that can lead people back to heaven. All religious people outside of the Zhongtian religion are "riding on a grey horse". (2) "He who rides on a horse is called Death, and the underworld follows him", which means that he has "the power of life and death". Anyone who does not practise the "three religions in one, five religions in one, all dharmas in one, and mother to mother" Baiyang's teachings is riding on a grey horse and is guilty of They are all demons, sons and grandsons of demons, who have committed the mortal sin of "slandering the Buddha and destroying the Dharma and harming the wisdom of others". (3) The direct descendants of the Lamb, "to whom authority has been given". After all those who do not follow the teachings of Baiyang, and after they have been filled with evil, "sword, famine, pestilence and wild beasts" are sent down to kill those who "deserve to die" on the earth.

Revelation 6: The Opening of the Fifth Seal (6:9-11)
27-6:9, "6:9 When the fifth seal was opened, I saw under the altar the souls of those who had been slain for the word of God and for a testimony": (1) The fifth seal was opened as an instruction to the "church in Sardis": He who has the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars said, "I I know thy works, that thou art alive according to the name, but art dead; strengthen those who are left and will fail, for I see that none of thy works are perfect before my God; they shall walk with me in white; and whosoever overcometh shall be clothed in white. (2) The absence of the "seven passions and six desires" is the "elimination of the spirit", so that man will not be afraid of life and death, but will have his "spirit" reborn, so that he will become a man of vigour and extraordinary vigour, a man who is willing to die. The "seven spirits of God" become the "seven stars", and the "two-edged sword and the iron rod" of Jesus become the "Christ with eyes like a flame". The "seven stars". (3) "According to the name you are alive, but in fact you are dead", because those who have a name are false appearances and idols with four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness"; the Word (the One True God) is all sentient beings, and the Word (the One True God) is invisible and nameless, so that it is a formless reality that does not die. (4) Although the "Protestant" Christian religions, such as the "Reformed" religions, rebelled against the dictatorship of the Catholic Church, they appeared to be "servants of God" restoring and reviving the "seven spirits and seven stars of God" (the Seven Spirits and Seven Stars). (4) Although the "Protestant" Christians, such as the "Reformed" Christians, have rebelled against the Catholic dictatorship and appear to be "servants of God" restoring and reviving the "seven spirits and seven stars" (you are alive according to the name), they are unable to enlighten the true "seven spirits and seven stars of God" because they do not have the same realm as Christ, nor do they understand the true meaning of the "Book of Revelation". "They do not have the same realm of Christ's words and deeds, nor do they understand the true meaning of the Book of Revelation, which is actually a division of the "devil's Satanic group". "(5) "That which is left is to be done". (5) "That which is left to decay" are the many words and deeds in the book of Revelation that demonstrate the realm of the Divine Christ, which are largely ignored by Christians and therefore need to be "woken up! It is therefore something that needs to be "woken up! Unfortunately, most people do not know what is "that which is left to be decayed" because they do not have time to think about it, because they are busy with "singing hymns and prayers" and other red tape, because they have "eyes but no ears and no mind" and blindly follow it. (6) "Because I see, I do not know. (6) "For I have seen that your conduct" does not manifest the Christian state of "having eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in your mouth, and a rod of iron in your hand", so that you "are not perfect in anything before my God" and "are more orthodox". "You are nothing more than a New Age "scribe and blind leader of the hypocrites". (7) Many churches "sing the praises of the Church". (7) Many of those who "sing hymns" in the churches are "dressed in white", but this is the "devil Satan" who is "dressed in white "(7) Many of the church "hymn singers" are "dressed in white". (8) To be "clothed in white" is not to be clothed in white, but to be a pure and spotless human being. The Christian who has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth and a rod of iron", who does not know the true meaning of the words in the Book of Revelation, who does not preach, and who is a Christian without merit, is the Christian "who has not defiled his garment, who is clothed in white and walks with me". "(9) You do not have "eyes to see". (9) If you do not have "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword, and a rod of iron", and do not know what the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" of the new age are, you cannot be "victorious", nor can you be "clothed in the garments of the Lord". "You will not be able to "put on the white garment". Those who are "dressed in white" are heavenly gods like Christ, not "minions who sing hymns and prayers, weep and cry, confess their sins, admit to the death of Jesus, and think that Jesus died for me".
(10) There are two kinds of "souls of those who were killed for the Word of God and for their testimony": those of early Christianity before Constantine the Great, who were killed by tyrants or pagans because they believed in the Word of God and testified to Jesus Christ; and those of Jesus, who was killed by tyrants or pagans because of his rebuke. Another is that of Jesus, who rebuked the Jewish priests for practising the "Old Testament" and the church group for being "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron". (10) The spirits of those who were slain by church groups of all times for holding to the truth of God and the truth of Christ. (11) There is another type of "Christian" who was killed who was not "killed for the word of God and as a witness", but "killed for the word of Satan and as a witness", who was They are Jews in the guise of Christianity, the churches of the various branches since Constantine the Great and since the "papal era". During the reign of the Roman Emperor Constantine the Great (306-337), Christianity was given legal status. After this period, the Christian Church's wealth grew rapidly, thanks to donations from Roman emperors and nobles, and the "papal era" began. The word pope is derived from the Greek word Паπаs, meaning father. The title was given to all Christian bishops in the fourth century, and only from the fifth century onwards was it reserved for the bishop of Rome.

27-6:10, "6:10 And cried out with a loud voice, saying, O holy and true Lord! How long will you not judge those who dwell on the earth to give us redress for our bloodshed?" (1) "Those who dwell on the earth should be judged" because they do not practise "Christian edification", but instead "sing hymns and prayers", etc. "Christian indoctrination" as "Christian indoctrination". (2) All Christian church groups, instead of allowing Christians to become "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron", make Christians "pastors' lambs", and so they all obliterate They are therefore all incarnations of Satan who have obliterated the "edification of Christ" and are all "deserving of judgment". (3) Christians have not been given eternal life in heaven as promised by the church group, but have all gone to hell, so they have all suffered "bloodshed" and their grievances are so great that, according to the heavenly law of "retribution for injustice", there will be a great calamity, and a third world war may World War III is likely to happen. (4) "When will we wait?" We must wait until after the "end of the world", which will take place on 21 December 2012. The "Last Judgement". The time of the "Last Judgment" is when the Exposition of the Book of Revelation is completed.

27-6:11, "6:11 Then white garments were given to each of them, and a word was given to them, saying, "Rest a little while, until the number of those who were servants together and of their brethren be fulfilled, as they were slain": (1) "Those who were slain for the word of God and for the testimony (1) "those who were slain for the word of God and for the testimony of God" are the new Christ "to whom the white garment was given as a reward". The "ministering lambs" are all minions of Satan, not "slain for the word of God and for the testimony of God", not spirits given white garments, but sinful souls who have been blackmailed, harmed themselves and served their time in hell. (2) The elite of the West who have heard the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation have resolutely left Christianity and become disciples of the Lamb, practising the "five religions and the White Sun Buddhism of the Mother to the Root", and so God has given white garments to such people. (3) "And he said to them, "Rest for a little while." Do not be in a hurry to "redress the grievances of bloodshed", but wait a little while, for those who deserve "the white garments of God" are not yet here. Many have not yet come, and the number has not yet been fulfilled. (4) The disciples of the Lamb have become the new Christ throughout the world who, like the Lamb, are servants of God. New Christs all over the world, like the Lamb, have been "slain" and have given their hearts and souls to promote the "five churches and one family" Christianity of the Chinese Lamb, who were brothers in the Kingdom of Heaven, but today modern people all over the world have broken away from Christianity and have become the Chinese Lamb. The "Five Churches and One Family" Christianity has become a disciple of the Chinese Lamb. (5) There is a list of those who should return to the kingdom of heaven, and when the number is met, you will be given "the redemption of your blood". (6) The "five religions" of the Chinese Lamb, Christianity (Zhongtianism), is the "Noah's Ark" of the new age.

Revelation 6 (The Baisang Patriarch) opens the sixth seal (6:12-14)
27-6:12, "6:12 And when the sixth seal was opened, I saw the earth tremble greatly, and the sun became black as woolen cloth, and the full moon red as blood": (1) The opening of the sixth seal is an instruction to the "Philadelphian Church": the holy, true, one who holds the (1) The sixth seal is an instruction to the "Philadelphian Church": He who is holy and true, who holds the keys of David, who is Satan for a while, who calls himself a Jew but is not a Jew, but a liar, who keeps my word of patience, I will keep you from your trials when all the world is tried, and he who overcomes, I will make him a pillar in my house of God. (2) The "holiness" of Jesus is the absence of idolatry, the worship of the cross, the "singing of hymns and prayers, the doing of charity", the ability to see with "eyes like a flame of fire" through the "hypocrites", and the "holy spirit". It is the ability to see through "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" with "eyes like a flame" and a "two-edged sword and a rod of iron". Jesus is "true" because of his practical words and deeds that break the "falsehood and ugliness of the Old Testament" and at the same time reveal the true way to the eternal kingdom of heaven. No one is a "true" Christian without the practicality of breaking the "falsehoods and ugliness of the Old Testament". (3) Israel is the one who "prevails in his wrestling with God and with men", and anyone who does not prevail in his wrestling with God and with men is not a Jew of Israel. "David" is the king of Israel, and "the key of David" is a metaphor for the way of victory in wrestling with God and man, the way of becoming Christ. (4) When you have the key of David, you are victorious in your wrestling with God and man, and you can certainly see the "devil Satan" for what he is, and you can certainly use the "two-edged sword and the rod of iron" to subdue the devil. Having received the key of David and having become Christ, the door to the eternal kingdom of heaven is opened, and no one can close it once it is opened. (5) If you do not have the key of David and do not become Christ, you close the door of the kingdom of heaven, and if you close it, no one can open it. (6) "All who convert to Judaism (in the religious sense) and all who are born of a Jewish mother (in the national sense) are Jews, according to the definition of the Halakhah of the Jewish Law", which means "those who claim to be Jews, but are not, but are liars, that Satan for "Genesis 32:28 And the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed with God and with men". Therefore, only those who "have prevailed with God and with men" are Jews. (7) He who is not afraid of the divine authority of "God and the priests", who is able to speak soberly and sensibly with the priests, who is able to refute statements that disprove God and the priests, and who is able to kill priests (priests and ministers) who have done evil, is the one who has "prevailed with God and with men". This is the Jew who has "won the battle between God and man". (8) Christ, who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron over them, having the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars", is a Jew. (9) Those who "keep the word of my patience" are only "Christians", not Jesus Christ himself. Jesus himself did not have the "word of patience"; if he had the "word of patience", he would not have called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" who were killed. If Jesus himself had the "word of patience", he would not have been killed for calling the Jews "hypocrites and blind leaders". If Jesus himself had the "word of patience", there would be no Christianity. (10) You have not become "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", you do not dare to expose "priests and ministers" as Jesus "hated the works of the Nicolaitans", you do not have the courage to die as Jesus did. You do not have the courage to die as Jesus did, but you are saying "keep the word of my patience", so that "I will keep you from your trials when all the world is tried", which means that you have been abandoned by Jesus. For it is only when you have done so "in the hour of trial" that you can become the Christ of the eternal kingdom of heaven. (11) You are a "priest's lamb", you have not become "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", you are not "victorious", you are a beast disqualified from being a human being You are not "victorious", you are a beast disqualified from being a human being, and you are bound to the pillar of the devil's cave "to be slaughtered by the priest".
(12) When the Sixth Seal was opened, the Lamb (the Bishop of Baiyang) had already given a detailed explanation of the "teaching of Christ", which the wise will practise to become The New Christ. Because the "Last Judgement" will coincide with the "Lamb's" (Baisang's) enlightenment on "Christ's Incarnation" (the Lamb's Wedding Feast), there will be a time of reckoning to eradicate the incarnation of Satan who is full of evil. Such a situation is called "the smiting of the Word of God", which means that the Law of God is sent to protect the wise and the smiting of the smiting of the evil-doers who "harm the lives of others and do much evil". (13) "The earth shook greatly, the sun became black as woolen cloth, and the full moon became red as blood", all of which are omens of the coming of the tribulation.

27-6:13, "6:13 The stars of heaven fell to the earth as a fig tree is shaken by a mighty wind and drops its unripe fruit": (1) "The stars of heaven fell to the earth" in two ways: one is the bright general star, which is the heavenly disc that sends down The other is the opposite, the star of misfortune, which is a sign of the fall of the star of the heavenly disc, and the death of a heroic figure. (2) A celebrity known to the world, a person of great renown, is a "star in the sky". This famous person, who opposes the Baiyang teaching of the Chinese Lamb, will "fall to the earth". The Chinese Lamb's Middle Heaven teaching is the earth. (3) "Unripe fruit" is undergrown, underdeveloped and bitter, and is a metaphor for a short-sighted person who lacks wisdom, a foolish and ignorant person who has no far-reaching wisdom. (4) "As a fig tree is shaken by a mighty wind and drops its unripe fruit", so a star falls, or a celebrity becomes notorious and infamous, because of ignorance.
27-6:14, "6:14 And the heavens were removed, as a scroll is rolled up; and the mountains and the seas were removed from their places": (1) "The heavens were removed", there was no more peace in the world, it was a time of turmoil. (2) "As if the scroll had been rolled up" means that there is no more edification, that is, "the ship of Dharma has sailed away", for the edification of good people was opened before the coming of the tribulation and they were "put on the ship of Dharma". The scrolls marked with the number of karmas are compared to the number of karmas and the time when the karmas are due in a certain area of the earth, and the actual karmas will be carried out when the scrolls are rolled up. (3) "The mountains and the seas and the islands are moved out of their places" indicates an earthquake or a tsunami.

Revelation 6 (The White Sun God) Hiding from the wrath of the Lamb (6:15-17)
27-6:15, "6:15 And the kings of the earth, and the rulers, and the generals, and the rich, and the strong, and all who are slaves, and all who are autonomous, hid themselves in caves and caverns of rocks": indicating that these "strong men" are in the "Lamb's "(Lord Baiyang), and that their "authority" was "vastly different" from that of the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang). 27-6:16, "There is a world of difference between their "authority" and that of the "Lamb".
27-6:16, "6:16 Say to the mountains and the rocks: Fall on us! Hide us from the face of the Throne-Sitter and from the wrath of the Lamb": (1) The "powerful" people of the world want the "mountains and the rocks " to hide them from the face of the Throne-Sitter and the wrath of the Lamb, showing their fear of the majesty of heaven and the Lamb. (2) Because they do not accept the indoctrination of the "throne bearer and the Lamb", for they only accept the indoctrination of their patriarchs 2,000 years ago. (3) Did any of the masters come to the rescue of their disciples? No. Why didn't the masters come to the rescue of their disciples? Why didn't the masters come to the rescue of their own disciples? Because he had retired and was now the head of the "Lamb", Bai Yang Shi.

27-6:17, "6:17 For the great day of their wrath has come, and who can stand?" : Why are the throne-sitters and the Lamb angry? (1) Because of the advancement of human society, the Baishian world after the spread of computers, and the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the "Lamb" replaced the previous "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Jehovah" as the "Five Religions". After the end of the world on December 21, 2012, "Lamb" replaced the previous "Buddha, Taoist, Confucian and Yehudi" and became the "White Sun God" who was in charge of the world's education. When the "Baisyang Cultist" made his "Baisyang Cults" known to the world, they were unanimously rejected and vilified by the members of the five religions. (2) The "Throne-Sitter" is the ruler of the universe, and the "Lamb" (Lord Baisyang) is the executor of the teachings of the Throne-Sitter. It is up to the "Throne-Sitter" to decide what teachings are to be given in what age and who is to be sent to carry them out. "The "Lamb" (Lord Baisyang) does not become a "master" because the Five Religions do not approve of it. If the followers of the five religions do not recognize the Lamb as the "master" and do not accept the teachings of the Lamb (Lord Baiyang), they are committing "disobedience to heaven" and "slandering the Buddha and destroying the Dharma, harming the lives of people". "(3) This is what the "Maitreya" (White Sun) teaches. (3) This is "Maitreya Buddha's death cure".
"Watchman Nee: This passage indicates that their consciences began to reproach themselves and they intuited the coming of God's judgment. But the blood of the Lord alone can give us peace of conscience and deliver us from the wrath of God. The blood is far more sure than a cave or a rocky grave!" (1) This passage indicates that their consciences were beginning to reproach themselves because they did not recognise the teachings of the Lamb (the Lord of the White Sun) and stigmatised the teachings of the Lamb as a cult, so they wanted to "hide from the face of the throne-sitter and the wrath of the Lamb". They also vilified the teaching of the Lamb as a cult, so that they would "hide from the face of the Throne-Sitter and the wrath of the Lamb". The "wrath of the Throne-Sitter and of the Lamb" is the "judgment to come". (2) As Christians, you have not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron", but you think that "the blood of the Lord is for the peace of our conscience", which means that you have become shameless, beastly bastards. (3) You "blind guides"! Open your eyes and see clearly that there is not a single word that says "the Christian Lord saves the faithful" from the wrath of God and the Lamb, but you shamelessly presume to "save you from the wrath of God". Satanic demons". (4) As a Christian, if you have not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron", you do not have the "blood of Christ", and the precious blood of Christ has nothing to do with you. The blood of Christ has nothing to do with you, but in fact you are the bloodline of "Satan and the Devil". (5) Abandon the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, convert to the Lamb, accept the teachings of the Lamb, and have "The "blood" of the Lamb is the "judge", and there is no need to hide from the face of the Throne Sitter and the wrath of the Lamb.

6:15-17 When they saw God sitting on the throne, all the people of the world were terrified out of their wits and begged the rocks of the mountains to fall over them so that they would not have to face the judgment of the Lamb. This vivid picture is not intended to intimidate believers, for whom the Lamb is a merciful Saviour; but those who have never feared God before, and who proudly boast of their unbelief, will find that they were wrong. In that day they will face the wrath of God. None of those who reject God will escape his wrath! But those who belong to Christ will be rewarded, not punished. Do you belong to Christ? If you do, you need not fear these last days": (1) Remember, this is a lie of the devil. (2) Those who have believed in "Christianity" and have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, and with a rod of iron" are not "those who belong to Christ", but He is "of Satan". He who has "eyes like fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the shining sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron" is rewarded, not punished, because of the merit of passing on the righteousness of the law, of removing demons, and of breaking down the mysteries and enlightenment. "Those who belong to Satan" are rewarded, not punished, because of their words and deeds that have demagogued the people, misled them, and harmed their wisdom. (3) Do you belong to Christ? You do not "belong to Christ" because you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, and with a rod of iron", so you are "of Satan".
(4) The Book of Revelation does not contain the words "rewarded and free from punishment for being a Christian", but rather the words and actions of the "Lamb" (the Berean Patriarch) after Jesus, indicating that the indoctrination of the "Lamb" replaces Christianity. Christians who do not abandon Christianity for the teaching of the "Lamb", but instead "are arrogant and ignorant of death" in Christianity, are doomed to be judged by the "wrath of the Lamb". (5) God didn't save "His only Son Jesus", so he won't save you, a "Christian" who is worse than a beast. Do you think you will be "crucified"? There's no need to "crucify" you anymore, you've already become a walking corpse because you've mistaken the "indoctrination of the faithful" for the "indoctrination of Christ" without knowing it.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 2017-5-29 21:16:46 Edited 8 June Edited 21 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei Province






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









