Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 15) Singing of Moses and the Lamb
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 15 The Seven Last Plagues (15:1)
27-15:1, "15:1 And I saw a vision in heaven, great and marvellous, of seven angels over the seven last plagues, for in them the great wrath of God was consummated": (1) "a vision in heaven, great and marvellous", indicating (2) "the infinite and profound nature of the heavens", indicating how little mankind knows. The "heavenly opportunity" is "not to be divulged except at the right time, and not to be divulged except by its own person; not all can be divulged". (2) "The end" is after 21 December 2012, after the Mayan prophecy of the "end of the world". (3) The Green Sun is the beginning, the Red Sun is the middle, and the White Sun is the end; after 21 December 2012, we officially enter the White Sun, the stage of "The End". (4) The first phase of the Long Hua Hui, from 4811 B.C. to 1152 B.C., was the first "wedding feast of the lambs" in the Qingyang Sees, where the Buddha of the Burning Lamp was at the helm. The second phase of the Long Hua Hui, from 1152 BC to 21 December 2012, was the second 'wedding feast of the lamb', when Shakyamuni Buddha took over the reign of Hong Yang Shih and established Buddhism. In the third period, from 21 December 2012 to 18,000 years in the future, Maitreya Buddha's reign, Baiyang Shih, will be the founder of the Zhongtian Church, which is the third "wedding feast of the lamb". (5) Before 2012, there was a "single speciality" dharma movement, in which "the Dao and the Buddha taught all beings". At this stage, because of the limitations of human civilization, most people could not read and write, and it would be good to get a scholarship in one of the sects, so they could only "monks studied Buddhism while Taoists studied monasticism; Taoists did not study Buddhism while monks did not study Taoism. If "Taoist priests study Buddhism and monks study Taoism", they are "jumping the path and usurping the religion", so they are not complete. This is the reason why all the holy saints who had attained the Way before 2012 had to descend to the mortal world to participate in the "three phases of the Long Hua Assembly. (6) After 2012, the Baiyang era, in which Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven, is at the helm, is officially entered. The "car and aeroplane" are the "magic foot and flight"), and it is extremely regressive and biased to ask the highly civilized modern man to learn the "single specialties" (Taoism and Buddhism) of 2,500 years ago. This has given rise to the idea of "the unity of Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism, the five religions, and the return of the mother to her roots" (Baiyang Buddhism, the last stroke), and as the (7) "The great wrath of the gods.
(7) The "great wrath of God" is due to the fact that human beings are ignorant, do not have great wisdom, do not know what is false, do not listen to the teachings, cannot overcome the "barrier of knowledge", and are still in the "old Dharma boat". (Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Yeshiva), and cannot "turn from the darkness to the light and change their ways" and accept the Lamb's "five religions and return to their roots" of Baiyang's teachings, and so they themselves create the evil consequences and suffer the retribution they deserve. There is no way out of this misfortune, only the person himself. (8) Because of the different classifications of the evil consequences of the sins that are created, there are the "seven plagues", that is, the seven major types of calamities.

Revelation 15: The Song of Moses and the Lamb (15:2-8)
27-15:2, "15:2 And I saw as it were a sea of glass, and fire mingled therein. And I saw those who had overcome the beast, and the image of the beast, and the number of its name, standing on the sea of glass, holding the lyre of God": (1) "It was as if there were a sea of glass", a vision of heaven, all transparent, like glass. Therefore, those who cannot realize emptiness, whose hearts are not empty and whose hearts are dark, cannot ascend to heaven. It is only those who dedicate their lives and leave nothing behind that can reach the heaven of the infinite vacuum. (2) "In which there is fire mixed" are buildings and pavilions, all kinds of people and spirits and animals and plants. (3) He who does not know what Christ and Christ's indoctrination are, who has not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, who has the seven stars in his right hand, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", does not know what it is. "the image of the beast and of the beast", and cannot "overcome the image of the beast and of the beast, and the number of its name", nor "stand on the sea of glass", but go to hell and be tortured by jailers with all kinds of instruments of torture. He can only go to hell and be tortured by the jailer with all kinds of instruments. (4) Only when he has become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" can he know what "the image of the beast and the beast" is, and can "overcome the image of the beast and the beast, and the number of its name". and the number of it". With the words and actions of Jesus, who rebuked the "Jewish Church" and was willing to die, he was able to "stand on the sea of glass, holding the lyre of God". (5) You are the "sinner who killed Jesus" by "chanting hymns and prayers" and you will misinterpret "the image of the beast and the beast" under misguided guidance, and you will stand in hell.

27-15:3, "15:3 Sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, "Great and marvellous are your works, O Lord God, the Almighty! Your ways are righteous and sincere, O King of the ages": (1) "Sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb (1) "Sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb", this is Jesus' "test, the dragon's gate", to see if you know the reason for Jesus' "crucifixion". This is the minimum standard for a "Christian". (2) If you do not know the reason for the "crucifixion" of Jesus, you are a "Judaizer, a lackey of the devil, an incarnation of the devil". If you do not know that Jesus was a revolutionary who died because he overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era", you are a "Judaizer, a lackey of the devil, and the devil incarnate". If you do not know that "Moses, the servant of God", is a "Satanic demon king", you are a "Judaizer, a lackey of the devil, and the devil incarnate".
(3) The book of Genesis was not written by Moses, but by ancient people who predated him. Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy were all written before Moses was 40-43 years old (one per year). Moses was not born in the thirteenth century BC, but was born in 838 BC and killed at the age of 46 in 782 BC, when he came down to earth as a 'broomstick'. He was the same as "Chi You" who was killed by the Yellow Emperor in ancient China, a "reverse actor". The green bull of Tai Shang Laojun, who was in the Palace of the Supreme Being, came down to heaven and possessed Moses, giving him the inspiration to write a book, the purpose of which was to act out myths and test people's wisdom. Moses is now being flogged in hell because the "Old Testament" he wrote could not be seen by the wise, thus allowing people to mistake falsehoods for truth, causing harm to thousands of years and countless others. This was the mission of Moses, for the progress of human society could not have been achieved without their "counterfactuals" to open up wisdom. It was only when the True Exposition of the Bible expounded the heavenly truths contained therein that Moses truly fulfilled his mission. (4) Hello reader! If you have read these "amazing stories" that I have explained, and have been enlightened about the vast amount of lies in Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, you have become the Christ of great wisdom, and this is the "edification of Christ" fulfilled! The "turning of the wheel". This is "singing the song of Moses, the servant of God". (5) If you believe in Moses' massive lies, you have been tested by Moses and you have become "Satan's servant", and you cannot "sing the song of Moses, the servant of God". ".
(6) The Bible is similar to the Chinese books "The Book of the Gods" and "Journey to the West", both of which are God's treasures for the world to open their eyes and test their wisdom, depending on whether you have the wisdom to see through the "vast amount of lies, parables and metaphors" in them. "If you do not have a clear teacher to guide you, you are a blind man with no "ears" and you will be eliminated and reduced to a slave of the law. (7) You accept the True Explanation of the Bible as interpreted by the Lamb, kowtow to the Lamb, formally become a disciple of the Lamb, and become a follower of the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the Dharma. This is the way to "sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb". "This is what it takes to "stand on the sea of glass, holding the lyre of God". (8) In the post-2012 Baisaiyan era, only the "Lamb" is qualified to teach disciples, and no one who is not the "Lamb" and no one appointed by the "Lamb" as a direct descendant is qualified to pass on disciples, because "The Lamb is the "unique one" who unveils the Seven Seals. If you are not a "disciple of the Lamb", you are not recognised by God, you are not "immortal", you are not under God's supervision, and you belong to the "other side of the path". (9) This "system of human transmission", in which only the Lamb can pass on disciples, is called the "human plate". God's custom-made system of edification is called the "heavenly plate". The denomination of the Lamb is called the "Tao Pan" and the "Earth Pan". "The Lamb and his disciples form the "Human Plate", and the denomination formed by the "Human Plate" becomes the "Earth Plate" (Dao Plate). The "human plate" becomes the "dao pan". The "earthly circle" develops a system of teaching, compiles doctrine and precepts, implements the teachings of the "heavenly circle", and transmits the teachings of the "heavenly circle" to the human world. This is the true "Trinity". The Trinity as created by the early Catholics was an illegitimate "counterfeit", a demonic group's ecstasy.
(10) "The Lord God, the Word of the Almighty": the Divine descended from heaven to become the God (the Self, the Dharma) in the inner body of the human body, the soul of life (the God of knowledge, the body of retribution) in this life because the lungs breathe, and the physical body has the process of "birth, ageing, sickness and death", which is a change of body. The body has the process of "birth, old age, sickness and death" and is a changing body. By joining the Master, the soul in this life can see the God of the firstborn, and the soul and the God of the firstborn become "one in heaven and man". This is the "Word" of the "Lord God, the Almighty" that brings people back to heaven (the one and only). By scolding the Jewish Church as "scribes and blind leaders who are hypocrites", Jesus directly revealed the general divinity of "being one with God", which is the same as the Buddhist doctrine of the circle. This is the reason why the Five Teachings are one. (11) The "Lord God, the Almighty" created the universe, sent the divine down to earth to build a heaven on earth, and used the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam to bring people from different countries back to heaven. Today's Christians do not practise Jesus' words and teachings of "loving others as oneself", nor do they have the words and actions of Jesus to rebuke Judaism, and blindly describe all other denominations as "unholy", which means that they have not received "Christ's ". If you only know one Christian religion and do not understand the doctrines of the other denominations, you have not been taught the "Lord God, the Almighty". If you have been taught by the Lord God, the Almighty, you should be an "Almighty" who is well versed in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam.
(12) Is the Christian not an "omnipotent" who has mastered the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, "as a great and strange thing"? No, but rather the opposite, "surprisingly cautious", which means that Christians have not accepted the "Word of the Lord God, the Almighty" at all, but have been misled by Satan into becoming "frogs in a well with blinders on". They have been misled by Satan into becoming "frogs in a well". (13) You are not practising the words of Jesus, "Love your neighbor as yourself", nor do you have the words and actions of Jesus scolding Judaism to prove that you are "Christians", nor do you have the mindset of "one family of five religions". Can you know what "righteousness and sincerity" really means, as you are the opposite of the "Almighty"? It is impossible. This means that your way is neither righteous nor sincere.
(14) You Christians are all Satans who insult "the Lord God, the Word of the Almighty", because you are not "the Almighty" who is well versed in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, but are You are all "frogs in the bottom of the well who are blind and arrogant", and you are all criminals in hell. (15) It is only when one becomes an "all-rounder" who has mastered the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam that one receives the teachings of "the Lord God, the Almighty, the King of the Worlds" and knows what true righteousness and sincerity are. "It is only when they have received the teaching of "the Lord God, the Almighty, the King of the worlds" that they know what true righteousness and sincerity are.

27-15:4, "15:4 Who dares not to fear you, O Lord, and to give glory to your name? For you alone are holy, and all nations will come and worship before you, for your righteous works have been revealed": (1) "Who dares not fear you and give glory to your name", Satan, Satan does not fear the Lord and does not give glory to his name. Satan also promotes "Satan's indoctrination" as "Christ's indoctrination" under the guise of Christianity. (2) All Christians "do not fear the Lord and do not give glory to His name" because they blindly reject all denominations without distinguishing between right and wrong, so they are "frogs in a well" and are not well versed in the five schools of thought. "They are not "all-powerful" in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. Christians who claim to be worshippers of the "Almighty" do not become "all-powerful" in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and Islam, but they slander other denominations They are frogs at the bottom of the well who denigrate other denominations as "unholy" and show that Christians "do not fear the Lord and do not give glory to His name" and are minions of Satan who blaspheme "the Lord God, the Almighty, the King of the worlds". (3) For none of the Christians has any knowledge of the Lord.
(3) Because none of the Christians had the words and actions of Jesus in rebuking Judaism, it means that none of the Christians had received the "teaching of Christ". Because they have not received "Christ's indoctrination", all Christians do not fear the Lord and give glory to His name. (4) Christians are "singing hymns and prayers", which are not "Christian indoctrination", nor are they "becoming Christian indoctrination", but are promoting "Christians appear to be "fearing the Lord and giving glory to His name", but in reality they are "fearing Satan and giving glory to Satan's name".
(5) "The Lord God, the Almighty, the King of the Worlds" exists in every country in the world, but under a different name from Christianity. Christians ignore this situation, which means that Christians are foolish and ignorant people who take falsehood for truth, who do not know the truth, who are crazy, selfish and narrow-minded, and who have been misled by Satan and have lost their wisdom. (6) Because "the Lord God, the Almighty, the King of the worlds" is holy, all peoples can only become "the Almighty" who is well versed in "the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", and become Only when they have become "holy" can they "come and worship before you", when they have become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron". Otherwise, one is a "holy one" in heaven, and the other is a foolish and ignorant ordinary man, "a man of two gods", who cannot "come and worship before you". (7) Christians who blindly describe all other religions as "unholy" are not only not "omnipotent" and well versed in the "five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", but are also "Can such an ignorant person "come and worship before you"? It is impossible! For one is a "holy one" in heaven, and the other is a foolish and ignorant "minion of Satan", "a man and a god", who cannot "come and worship before you". It is impossible for them to "come and worship before you".
(8) It is surprising that Christians do not know that such doctrines as "the singing of hymns and prayers" are not "the edification of Christ" or "the edification of being Christ", but are in fact "the edification of the faithful, the church". It is in fact "the indoctrination of the religious, the indoctrination of the church, the indoctrination of Satan", which means that Christians are "minions of Satan" who are "drunk on ecstasy" and take what is false for what is true and what is wrong for what is right. Such Christians will not know what "works of righteousness" are, and will mistake "unrighteous works" for "works of righteousness" without knowing it. (9) "Righteous deeds are revealed" only when "unrighteous deeds" are broken down by word or deed. There are no words or deeds that break down "unrighteous deeds", and no "righteous deeds are revealed". (10) "2:6 The works of the Nicolaitans, which I also hate", as a Christian you don't know what "the works of the Nicolaitans" are, nor do you "hate" them. As a Christian you do not know what the "works of the Nicolaitans" are, nor do you "hate them", which means that you do not know what "unrighteous deeds" are, and you cannot show "righteous deeds", because you have taken "the teaching of the religious, the teaching of Satan" for "the teaching of Christ". You do not know that "the teaching of the religious, the teaching of Satan" is the "teaching of Christ". (11) Jesus' rebuke of the Judaizers as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" is an act of breaking down "unrighteous deeds", which is a sign of "righteous deeds being revealed This is what it takes to break up "unrighteous works". Look at you "Christians". How many of you call the Jews names? You Christians are "lukewarm water, neither cold nor hot", and you will be "spat out of my mouth" by Jesus, because you have taken "the teaching of the religious, the teaching of Satan" for "the teaching of Christ". You are not aware of the "indoctrination of Christ".

27-15:5, "15:5 After this I saw the temple in heaven, where the ark of the law is, opened": (1) The "ark of the law" is the indoctrination of the Baiyang Heavenly Plate, like the editorial department of the Ministry of Education, which is responsible for teaching materials. The "temple in heaven where the ark of the Law is kept" is the administrative department in charge of the teaching and education of the Baiyang world, just like the Ministry of Education of the State. (3) Because of the different levels of development and progress of human society, there are three stages of the three types of LWs, called the "three periods of LWs". For each of these levels, the teachings of the three periods are different, as human civilisation is progressing. Green Sun, Red Sun and White Sun are the "sheep" of three different eras. The "lambs" (the slain lambs, the masters) of the different eras compiled their teachings and spent their lives trying to bring people back to heaven. (4) "The temple in heaven where the ark of the law is kept" was once the "ark of the law" of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. The "temple of the ark of the Christian religion in heaven was opened", and Jesus on earth began to preach Christianity. The same is true of all the other denominations. (5) The book of Revelation was written after Jesus began to preach Christianity, which means that John's "seeing the temple of the ark of the law opened in heaven" was not the beginning of Christianity, but the beginning of the "white sun of the Lamb, the marriage supper of the Lamb".
(6) 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world as predicted by the Maya", the end of the "hundred-year transition period" between the Red and White Suns, the "end" of the reign of Shakyamuni Buddha It is also the "New Year's Day" when Maitreya Buddha officially takes over the reins of the White Sun. The "White Sun" is the "day of the New Year" when Maitreya Buddha officially takes the helm of the White Sun. When the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the White Sun Buddhism that recognizes the mother's roots" created by the Lamb become more and more widely known, it is the time when the Dharma of the Chinese Heavenly Church will be opened, and when The time when "the temple of the ark of the Law in heaven was opened".

27-15:6, "15:6 And the seven angels who had charge of the seven plagues came out of the temple, clothed in fine linen of white and brightness (note: "fine linen" in some scrolls is "precious stones"), with golden bands around their breasts ": (1) "The temple in heaven where the ark of the Law is kept was opened; and the seven angels who were in charge of the seven plagues came out of the temple". This is called the "smiting of the Way". It is the transmission of the true Dharma of the Immaculate White Sun, which is the realization of the realization of the mind to become the Christ, and the initiation of the wise into the religion, so that they may pass on the truth and receive divine protection. At the same time, the seven plagues are sent down to kill those who have no wisdom, who use falsehood as truth, who confuse people, who harm people's wisdom, and who walk around in human skin. (2) The targets of the seven plagues are all "incarnations of Satan". As a result, many people in this world will suffer their "deserved retribution". These "deserving" people are the ones who have suffered from the "karmic retribution" of the old teachings (Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Jehovah), and who have not accepted the "White Sun of the Lamb", the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, the mother to the root, the one to God". "They do not accept the Baiyang indoctrination of the "Almighty", and are therefore "walking corpses" who should not be living in the Baiyang world. They are ignorant of the present world, which has "changed and upgraded", and are still drunk on the "ancient methods of thousands of years ago", unable to overcome the "knowledge barrier", just as modern people refuse to use "They are all the "dregs and dirt" of modern society, and they are all "metabolism They are all "metabolic" and should be excreted as "feces and urine".
(3) "Clothed in white and bright linen" is the transparent and flowing sarong, the outer garment worn by all the divine in heaven. Each disciple of the Lamb has an invisible robe of protection, which is given to him by the God (the Mother of the Living God). If the disciples of the Lamb break the precepts (killing, stealing, prostitution, delusion and alcohol) and erase their righteousness, this magic treasure will automatically fly back to heaven. This magic treasure cannot be seen by ordinary people, but Satan can see it, and some of Satan's spokesmen can see it. (4) Only a few of the various divine beings in heaven were created by God, while the rest are people from various periods who have held various offices in heaven after becoming Christ. Not all of them are "girded with a golden sash around their breasts", for they are not of the same rank as those who were born. Those who were "girded with golden bands around their breasts" were those who were of higher rank during their lifetime.

27-15:7, "15:7 And one of the four living creatures gave to the seven angels seven golden bowls full of the wrath of God, who lives forever and ever": (1) "The first living creature was like a lion, the second like a calf, the third with a face like a man, and the fourth like a flying eagle ", "of the four living creatures" (Xuanwu, White Tiger, Green Dragon, Vermilion Bird) which are not human, though all are below human in the way of beasts, but are powerful angels with their own specialities, different properties and boundless powers. (2) The Long Hua True Scripture of the Hometown of the Walking Saint Fourth: The God of Zao said: I have a pair of treasures, one male and one female, one good and one evil. If there is one evil thing on earth, put it inside the black magnetic jar. If there is one good deed, it is contained within a yellow magnetic jar. If there is more evil than good, the jar will be filled to overflowing and then the evil will be punished. If there is much good and little evil, then the good will be presented. The "seven golden bowls of God's great wrath" are the seven (seven) "black magnetic jars" mentioned in the Long Hua Sutra. (3) The "seven golden bowls of God's wrath" are the seven great sins, or seven levels, committed because of the covetousness of the "seven passions and six desires" and the self-serving words and deeds. Instead of promoting "the edification of Christians into Christ" (Christ's edification), "Satan's edification" is promoted under the guise of Christianity, and instead of Christians becoming Christ, they have become "Satan's minions "This is the reason for "God's anger". This is the opposite of the "Christian teaching" of the Holy Spirit, which is to bring people back to heaven. (4) The "seven bowls of God's wrath" are those who have heard of the "teaching of the Lamb", but do not accept the "Lamb, the three religions in one, the five religions in one, the mother to the root, and the one to God" of Baiyang. They are still "foolishly loyal" to one of the five religions (Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Yehui) and are not ashamed of being "a frog in a well". "In reality, he is already serving his sentence in hell. He does not realise that he has made others around him to follow his example, committing the cardinal sin of "compelling people and harming their wisdom". These people are divided into seven categories because of the different sins they have committed, and thus the "seven bowls" are created. (5) They do not live "forever and ever" in heaven, but in hell, with no exit period, and are sentenced to life imprisonment in hell. (6) The "seven angels" are the perpetrators of the seven kinds of robbery.

27-15:8, "15:8 The temple was filled with smoke because of the glory and power of God. So no one could enter the temple until the seven plagues sent by the seven angels were finished": (1) "The temple was filled with smoke" is not really smoke, but a metaphor for God's anger in punishing those who do not accept the "white sun of the Lamb". (2) The inertia of a person who is only in a small circle and cannot be motivated is the root of man's weakness and is a demonic obstacle. When people's demonic obstacle produces demonic nature, they become "Satan's spokesman for a while". "Those who obey Heaven will prosper, while those who disobey Heaven will perish". (3) "No one can enter the temple with love" speaks of reducing the number of robberies, because all people are unrepentant and have the inertia and demonic obstacle of "loving the old". If you cannot overcome your own inertia, you will be defeated by your own demons. Whoever does it will suffer, and no one can take over. (4) "When the seven plagues of the seven angels have been completed", then the great cleansing will be completed.

Edited 20 June 2017 17:33 21 21:11 pm by Li Huaizhu on 27 July at Xuanwu Mountain (Monkey Ancestor Peak), Longyao County, Hebei Province






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









