Bible Old Testament, 10th Psalm, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Judgement of the slanderers against the "Davidic" missionaries 3-1
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

10-113. "After this, Absalom prepared chariots and horses for himself, and sent fifty men to run before him." Q. Is that so? "As often as Absalom rose up in the morning and stood by the way of the gate of the city, whenever there was a dispute to seek the king's judgment, Absalom called him to him, and asked him, saying, What city are you from? And he answered and said to him, My servant is of a certain tribe of Israel. And Absalom said unto him, Thy case is just, but the king hath not appointed any man to hear thee. And Sharon said to him, "I would that I were a teacher of the kingdom, that all who seek justice in their disputes should come to me, and I would judge them with justice". Answer: Yes.
10-114: "If any man came near to worship Absalom, Absalom stretched out his hand and took him, and kissed him on the mouth. So did Absalom treat all the Israelites who came to the king for judgment. Thus did Absalom secretly win the hearts of the Israelites", Q. Is this true? "And when forty years had expired, Absalom said to the king, "Grant me leave to go to Hebron, and repay my wish which I have made to the Lord. For the servant was living in Kishon in Aram, and had made a wish, saying, "If the LORD makes me return to Jerusalem, I will serve him". Answer: Begin to draw people together. "Absalom" told the king a lie.
10-115: "The king said, "Go in peace! Then Absalom got up and went to Hebron." Q: Is that so? "And Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, As soon as you hear the sound of the horn, you say, Absalom is king in Hebron!" , ask: Is this so? "And Absalom invited two hundred men to go with him in Jerusalem, all of them honestly, not knowing the truth of it", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is. Yes.
10-116: "And when Absalom had offered the sacrifice, he sent for Ahithophel the Zealot, David's counselor, and invited him from his own city. Then the rebellion was great, for the people who followed Absalom were increasing day by day", Q. Is this so? "And it was reported to David that the hearts of the Israelites had turned to Absalom! Then David said to his servants who were following him in Jerusalem, "Let us rise and flee, or none of us will be able to hide from Absalom. Go quickly, lest he suddenly come and harm us, and kill all the people of the city with the sword". Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-117: "And the king's servants said to the king, "All that my lord and my king have decreed, the servants will do. So the king took his whole household and went out, but left ten concubines to guard the palace. And the king went out, and all the people followed him, and came to Bethmohah, and stayed", asked, "Is that so? "And the king said to Ether the Gathite, Why do you go with us, you who have fled from a foreign country? You may go back and stay with the new king, or go back to your own land! You have not been here long, how can I ask you today to drift with us, without a certain place to stay? Why don't you take your brothers and go back? May the LORD treat you honestly and with love", asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-118, "And Ether said to the king, I swear by the living LORD, and dare to swear before the king, that where the king is, in life and in death, there will the servant be also. And David said to Ether, Go forth and cross the river!" So Ether the Gathite took those who followed him and all the women and children, and they all went over. And all the people of the land cried out with a loud voice, and all the people passed over. And the king also passed over the brook Kaptai; and the people went out into the wilderness, asking, Is this so? "And Zadok came with the Levites, who carried the ark of the covenant of God, and put down the ark of the covenant of God. And Abiathar came up and waited for the people to come out of the city and go over. The king said to Zadok, "Carry the ark of the covenant of God back to the city. If I have found favour in the sight of the LORD, he will bring me back to see the ark of the covenant and his dwelling place again. If he says, 'I am not pleased with you,' behold! Here I am, may he treat me according to his own will", Q. Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-119, "And the king said to Zadok the priest, Are you not a foresight? You may return to the city in peace. And Ahimaaz your son and Jonathan son of Abiathar may go with you. I am waiting for you to report to me at the ford in the wilderness", asking, Is this so? "So Zadok and Abiathar carried the ark of the covenant of God back to Jerusalem, and they stayed there. David went up to the Mount of Olives with his head covered and barefoot, weeping as he went up. And all who followed him went up with their heads covered and weeping", asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-120, "And it was told David that Ahithophel was also among the rebels, following Absalom." David prayed, "O LORD, make the schemes of Ahithophel foolishness", Q: Is that so? "When David came to the place where God was worshipped on the top of the mountain, he saw Hoshea the Achaean with his clothes torn and his head covered with dust coming to meet him. David said to him, "If you go with me you will burden me. If you go back to the city, say to Absalom, 'O king, I will be your servant. As I have been your father's servant, so now I am your servant.' So that you may destroy for me the schemes of Ahithophel. Were not Zadok the priest and Abiathar both there? If you hear anything in the king's palace, tell Zadok the priest and Abiathar. And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar, were there. Whatever you hear, let these two report it to me". Answer: Yes. Is.

10-121: "And when David had just passed over the top of the hill, he saw Zeba, the servant of Mephibosheth, coming to meet him with two donkeys ready, carrying on them two hundred loaves of flour, one hundred grape cakes, one hundred summer fruit cakes, and a leather bag of wine", Q: Is that so? "And the king asked Sheba, saying, What do you mean by bringing these?" And Sheba said, "The donkey is for the king's household to ride; the bread and the summer fruitcake are for the young men; and the wine is for those who are weary in the wilderness to drink. And the king asked, "Where are the sons of your master?" Sheba answered the king, "He is still in Jerusalem, for he said, "The Israelites will return my father's kingdom to me today"; Q. Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-122: "And the king said to Sheba, "All that belongs to Mephibosheth is yours. And Sheba said, I bow down to my lord and my king, and may I be gracious in your sight", Q: Is that so? "And when King David came to Baadolim, he saw a man come out, the son of Keilah of the tribe of Saul, whose name was Shechem. He was walking and cursing, and taking stones to cut down King David and the king's servants; and all the people and the warriors were on the king's right and left", Q: Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-123: "And Shechem cursed and said, Go, go, you bad man who sheds the blood of men! You shed the blood of Saul's family and succeeded him as king, and the LORD laid this sin on you and gave the kingdom to your son Absalom. Now you have brought this on yourself, for you are a shedder of human blood. And Abishai the son of Zeruiah said to the king, "Shall this dead dog curse my lord and my king? Allow me to go over and cut off his head", and asked, "Is this so? "And the king said, What have I to do with you, son of Zeruiah? He cursed because the LORD commanded him, saying, 'You shall curse David.' In this way, who dares to say why you have done this? And David said to Abishai and to all his servants, "My own son seeks my life, how much more this Benjaminite? Let him curse! For this is what the LORD commanded him. Or perhaps the LORD saw that I was in trouble, and was gracious to me for this day that I was cursed by this man". Answer: Yes. Is.
10-124. "Then David and those who followed him went on their way. And Shechem walked on the slope of the hill opposite David, cursing as he walked, and cutting him with stones and raising him with earth". "And Absalom and all Israel came to Jerusalem, and Ahithophel came with him. And Hoshea the Achaean, David's friend, went to meet Absalom, and said to him, Long live the king! Long live the king! And Absalom asked Hoshea, "Is this the kindness you show your friends? Why do you not go with your friend?" And he asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-125: "Then said he to Absalom, "Otherwise, I will obey the LORD, and this people, and all Israel, whom he has chosen, and will dwell with him. Moreover, whom shall I serve? Is it not the son of the former king? As I served your father, so shall I serve you. And Absalom said to Ahithophel, "Have you any idea how we can do this?" , asking, "Is that so? "And Ahithophel said to Absalom, "You may be close to the concubines whom your father has left to guard the palace. And all Israel heard that your father hated you; and the hand of every man who submits to you is stronger", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-126: "So they made a tent for Absalom on the flat roof of the palace. And Absalom was close to his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel", Q: Is that so? "At that time, Ahithophel gave ideas, as if a man had asked God, the same ideas he had given to David in the past and to Absalom today", Q. Is that so? What God was in "Ahithophel"? Answer: Yes. Satan, the evil god, is full of wickedness.
10-127: "And Ahithophel said to Absalom, "Grant that I may choose twelve thousand men, and this night I will rise and pursue David. While he is weary and weak, I will suddenly overtake him and terrify him. And all the people who follow him will flee, and I will kill the king alone, and bring all the people to you. And when the man whom thou seekest is dead, then all the people shall be like unto thee. Then all will be safe", asked the man, "Is that so? "And Absalom said, Call Tosaheth the Achaean, and we will hear what he says", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-128: "And Tossei said to Absalom, "The counsel of Ahithophel this time is not good. And he said to him, "You know that your father and those who followed him were warriors, and now they are as angry in their hearts as a mother bear who has lost her cubs in the field; and your father, who was a warrior, will not stay with the people. Now he is hiding in a pit or somewhere else, and if anyone is killed first, everyone who hears will say, "The people who followed Absalom have been killed. Though a man be bold as a lion, his heart shall be digested. For all Israel knows that your father is a hero, and all those who follow him are warriors. In my opinion, why don't you gather all Israel from Dan to Beersheba, as many as the sand on the seashore, to you, and you yourself will lead them into battle? Then, wherever we meet him, we will go down to him as the dew goes down on the earth, and not one of them will be left behind, even he who follows him. And if he enters any city, all Israel will bring ropes and pull that city into the river, and not even a small stone will be left", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

10-129, "And Absalom and all Israel said, "Better is the counsel of Togetherness the Achaean than the counsel of Ahithophel! This was because the Lord had determined to destroy the good plan of Ahithophel, in order to bring misfortune on Absalom". "And Hoshea said to Zadok the priest and to Abiathar, "The counsel of Ahithophel for Absalom and for the elders of Israel is so and so; the counsel which I have decreed is so and so. Now send out men with all haste, and tell David that he shall not dwell at the ford in the wilderness this night, but shall cross the river. Lest the king and all who follow him be swallowed up", Q. Is that so? Answer: (1) This was David's plan, not at all "the good plan of the Lord to destroy Ahithophel". This is the most annoying thing about the devil, that the "priest" refers to all his schemes as "Jehovah". (2) Is.
10-130, "Then Jonathan and Ahimaaz were waiting at Herod's, not daring to enter the city, lest they should be seen. A messenger girl came out and told them this, and they went and reported it to King David. But a boy saw them, and went and told Absalom. They ran in haste to the house of a certain man in Baatholim, who had a well in his courtyard, and they went down into it. And the woman of that house covered the well with a cover, and spread wheat over it, and the matter did not leak", and asked, "Is that so? "And the servants of Absalom came to the house, and asked the woman, saying, Where are Ahimaaz and Jonathan?" The woman said, "They have gone over the river." The servant looked for them, but when he could not find them, he went back to Jerusalem. When they had gone, they came up from the well and went and told King David, saying, "As Ahithophel has so and so planned to harm you, you must rise up and cross the river quickly. So David and all those who followed him rose up and crossed the Jordan. And when it was day, no one crossed the Jordan". Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-131: "When Ahithophel saw that his plan was not followed, he took his donkey and returned to his city. When he reached home, he left his last words, and hanged himself, and was buried in his father's tomb", Q: Is that so? "And when David came to Mahanaim, Sobhi the son of Nahor the Rabbathite of the tribe of Ammon, and Magi the son of Ammiel the Rhodibite, and Basilai the Rechilimite of Gilead, brought quilts, mattresses, basins, bowls, tiles, wheat, barley, wheat flour, fried grain, beans, red beans, fried beans, honey, cream, sheep, and milk cakes to feed David and those who followed him". Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-132: "And David sent out his army into battle, and divided it into three bands: one under Joab, one under Abishai the son of Zeruiah, the brother of Joab, and one under Ether the Gathite; and David said to the army, "I will go out with you into battle. But the soldiers said, "You shall not go out to war. If we flee, the enemy will not mind, nor will they mind if half of us fall. For you alone are better than ten thousand of us; you might as well be in the city ready to help us". "And the king said to them, As you think good, so will I do. So the king stood by the gate of the city, and the soldiers went out one by one, by hundreds or by thousands. And the king commanded Joab, Abishai, and Ether, saying, "For my sake do good to the young man Absalom. The soldiers heard what the king commanded the generals for Absalom," and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-133, "So the soldiers went out into the field to meet the Israelites and fought in the woods of Ephraim. The Israelites were defeated before David's servants; and many were killed that day, twenty thousand men in all. For there they fought on every side, and more died in the wood than by the sword. By chance, Absalom met David's servant. And he rode on a mule, and passed under the dense boughs of a great oak, and his hair was caught in the boughs of the tree, and he hung up, and the mule on which he rode departed from him", asked he, "Is this so? "And a man saw it, and told Joab, saying, I saw Absalom hanging on the oak tree. And Joab said to the man who reported it, "If you saw him, why did you not kill him and leave him on the ground? If you kill him, I will give you ten shekels of silver and a belt". Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-134: "And the man said to Joab, "Even if I have a thousand shekels of silver from you, I dare not stretch out my hand against the king's son, for we heard the king command you and Abishai and Ether, saying, "Take care that you do no harm to the young man Absalom. If I do anything presumptuous to harm his life, even you yourself will be an enemy to me". "And Joab took three short spears in his hand, and pierced the heart of Absalom while he was still alive in the oak tree. The ten young men who had given Joab the weapons surrounded Absalom and killed him. Joab blew a horn to stop the men, and they returned and stopped pursuing the Israelites. They threw Absalom into a great pit in the forest and heaped a great heap of stones on top of him", asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-135. "While Absalom was alive, he set up a pillar of stone in the valley of the king, because he said, I have no son to keep my name for me", Q: Is that so? "And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok said, Let me run away and report to the king the message of the LORD to the enemy to avenge the king. And Joab said unto him, Thou shalt not go and report the message this day, but some other day thou mayest report it: for today the king's son is dead; therefore thou shalt not go and report the message"; Q. Is this so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-136: "And Joab said to the Cushites, Go and tell the king what you have seen. And the Cushites bowed down before Joab, and ran away", Q: Is that so? "And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok said again to Joab, By all means, let me run away with the Cushites." And Joab said, My son, why should you run away, if you report this message, and are not rewarded? And he said, "In any case I will run." And Joab said, Run away! And Ahimaaz ran onward from the plain, and ran over the Gushites", and asked, Is that so? Answer: yes. Is.

10-137, "And David was sitting in the urn of the city. The watchmen went up to the top of the gatehouse of the city and lifted up their eyes to see a man running alone. So the watchman raised his voice and told the king. The king said, "If he has come alone, he must be a messenger," and asked, "Is that so? "And when the watchmen saw another man running, they said to the men who guarded the gates, Another man has come running alone." The king said, "This also must be the one who reported the message. And the watchman said, "I see that the man in front is running like Ahimaaz the son of Zadok. The king said, "He is a good man, and must be reporting good tidings", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-138, "And the king asked, saying, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz answered and said to him, Joab sent the king's servant, when the servant heard the people making a loud noise, but did not know what it was. And the king said, Go back and stand by. And he withdrew and stood by", and asked, "Is this so? "And the king asked the Cushites, saying, Is the young man Absalom safe? And the Cushite answered and said, May the enemies of my lord and my king, and all who rise up to kill you, be like the young man", and asked, "Is this so? "Then the king mourned in his heart, and went up to the gatehouse and wept, saying as he went along, O my son Absalom! My son, my son Absalom! I would have died for you, O Absalom! My son, my son!" And he asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.
10-139, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "Nathan the prophet said that his son would betray him because he had killed Uriah", Q: Is that so? "Was it the LORD who told Nathan to prophesy? "David (wept) in anger because Joab and his officers had killed Absalom against his will", Q. Is this true? "David (wept) truly loved his son Absalom, though he was so rebellious", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) No. This was a lie by the "priests" to promote the idea that Nathan was a "prophet". (2) Yes. Yes, it is.

10-140, "And when the people heard that the king was grieved for his son, their joy in victory was turned into sorrow. On that day the people went into the city in secret, like a people who had fled in defeat and were ashamed. And the king covered his face and cried with a loud voice, saying, "O my son Absalom! O Absalom my son, my son!" And he asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And Joab went in to the king and said, "You have put all your servants to shame today. They have saved your life today, and the lives of your children and your wives. But you love those who hate you and hate those who love you. Thou hast this day clearly not thought of thy generals and thy servants. I have seen today that if Absalom had lived, and we had all died, you would have been pleased. Now go out and comfort the heart of your servant. I swear by the LORD: If you do not go out, there will be no one with you this night; and the evil will be greater than what has befallen you from your youth until now!" Ask, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-141, "Then the king arose and sat down at the gate of the city. And when all the people heard that the king was sitting at the gate of the city, they all came to the king", Q: Is that so? "And all the tribes of Israel murmured, saying, The king has delivered us from the hand of our enemies, and from the hand of the Philistines. Now he has fled from Absalom. We anointed Absalom to rule over us, and he was killed in battle. Why do you not now ask the king to return without a word?" Ask, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-142, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "Follow the moral principles laid down in the Scriptures, which will help you not to be influenced by the preferences and opinions of the masses": "Priests and ministers", these priests and pastors": demons who are constantly feeding "Christians" with "ecstasy"! The words and deeds of Christ in the "New Testament" are the "Christian Bible". Here is the "Old Testament", the "Jewish Bible", which is mostly "written by the devil in the guise of God" and is mostly a demonic heresy that Jesus overthrew. The "priests and ministers" deliberately do not distinguish between "the Old Testament and the New Testament, Judaism and Christianity", in order to promote Judaism under the guise of Christianity.
10-143, "King David sent to the priests Zadok and Abiathar, saying, "Say to the elders of Judah, 'The people of Israel have spoken and asked the king to return to his palace. Why have you lagged behind them? You are my brethren, my flesh and blood, why are you behind the men to ask the king to return? Say also to Amasa, Are you not my flesh and blood? If I do not make you marshal for Joab always, may God punish me severely". Answer: Yes.
"And Shechem, the son of Kira the Benjamite of Baatholim, hastened down with the men of Judah to meet King David. And there followed Shechem a thousand Benjamites, and Sheba the servant of the house of Saul, and fifteen of his sons, and twenty of his servants, and they all went over the Jordan to meet the king. A ferry went over and ferried the king's household to be used by the king. When the king was about to cross the Jordan, Shechem the son of Keilah fell down before the king and said to him, "My lord and my king went out of Jerusalem when the servants did disobedient things. Now I pray that my lord will not condemn the servant for this, nor remember it, nor take it to heart. The servant knows that he has sinned, so I am the first of all Joseph's family to come down to meet my Lord and King today". Answer: Yes.
10-144: "And Abishai the son of Zeruiah said, Shall not Shechem be put to death, because he has cursed the Lord's Anointed One? David said, "What have I to do with you, son of Zeruiah, that you should oppose me this day? Shall a man be put to death today in Israel? Do I not know that today I am king over Israel? Then the king said to Shechem, "You shall not die. And the king swore to him", and asked, Is this so? Answer: Yes.
"Mephibosheth also, Saul's grandson, went down to meet the king. He did not trim his feet, nor shave his beard, nor wash his clothes from the day the king went away until he returned in peace", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rechilim to see the king across the Jordan, and he crossed the Jordan with the king. Basilei was old, being eighty years old. When the king was staying at Mahanaim, he brought food for the king, and he was a very rich man", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.
10-145, "And all the men of Israel came to the king, and said to him, Why did our brethren Judah send the king and his household, and those who followed him, across the Jordan in secret?" Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And the multitude of Judah answered the Israelites, saying, "Because the king is kinsman to us. Why are you angry because of this? What have we eaten of the king? What has the king given us as a reward? And the children of Israel answered the men of Judah, saying, We have a tenth part with the king according to the tribe, and we have a greater part in David than in you. Why do you despise us, and invite the king back without first consulting us? But the words of the men of Judah are harder than the words of the men of Israel", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-146, [Explanation of the "Devotional Version"] "David returned to Jerusalem, generous and merciful, he did not kill Shechem, and when he saw Mephibosheth again he returned half his inheritance and rewarded the faithfulness of Barzillai. His example set a standard of fairness in ruling, but this will only be fully realized when the Lord Christ comes and rules the country in righteousness": do you see that? The "priests and ministers" see the merciful king, but they want to use Christ to discredit the fairness of the king, to highlight their group as "saviours above the king". The demons, "priests and ministers", who speak of "Christ the Lord", do not say or do anything to overthrow the "Old Testament", but treat the "Old Testament" as "Christ's teaching". "They are therefore "wolves in sheep's clothing".
10-147, "And it happened that there was a bandit there, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bekeleel the Benjamite. He blew his horn and said, "We have no part in David, and have nothing to do with the sons of Jesse. Go to your houses, O Israelites! So all the Israelites left David and followed Sheba the son of Bikili. But the men of Judah, from the Jordan as far as Jerusalem, followed their king closely", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"When King David came to Jerusalem and entered the palace, he confined the ten concubines who had been left to guard the palace to a cold palace, and kept them and did not get close to them. They were confined as widows until the day of their death", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And the king said to Amasa, "Gather the men of Judah together within three days, and you return here. And Amasa went and gathered the men of Judah, but delayed beyond the day which the king had given him". Answer: Yes.
10-148, "And David said to Abishai, "Now I fear that Sheba the son of Bileth will do us more harm than Absalom, and that you will lead the servants of your Lord after him, lest he gain a fortified city and hide from us.
And all the men of Joab, and the Gileadites, and the Peletians, and all the warriors, followed Abishai, and went out from Jerusalem after Sheba the son of Bikili". Answer: Yes.
"And when they came to the great rock of Gibeon, Amasa came to meet them. Then Joab was dressed in his battle clothes, and his belt of sword was girded about his waist, and his sword was in its sheath. As Joab went forward, the sword fell out of its sheath. Joab picked it up with his left hand and said to Amasa, "Greetings, my brother!" Then he seized Amasa by the beard with his right hand and tried to kiss him on the mouth. Amasa did not guard against the sword which Joab held in his hand, but Joab thrust it into his belly, and his bowels fell to the ground, and he died without being thrust again. And Joab and Abishai his brother went after Sheba the son of Bikili", and asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-149: "And one of the young men of Joab stood by the body of Amasa, and said to all the people, "Whoever delights in Joab, and whoever submits to David, let him go after Joab". Answer: Yes.
"And when Joab and those who followed him came to Abila in Bethmachah, and besieged Sheba, they built a fortress against the city, and the men who followed Joab smote the city with hammers, that they might cause it to fall", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And the woman said, It was said in ancient times, When first you ask in Abila, then the matter is settled. The people of our city are peaceful and faithful among the people of Israel. Why do you want to destroy the great city in Israel and devour the inheritance of the LORD?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-150, "And Joab answered and said, I will not devour and destroy. But because one of the men of the hill country of Ephraim, Sheba son of Bikili, raised his hand against King David. If you will give him up alone, I will leave the city. The woman said to Joab, "The head of that man will be thrown to you from the walls of the city", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And the woman went in her wisdom to persuade the people. So they cut off the head of Sheba, the son of Bikili, and threw it to Joab. Joab blew the trumpet, and the people left the city and went to their own houses. And Joab returned to Jerusalem to the king", asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And Joab was marshal over all the armies of Israel; and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada had dominion over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and Adoram had dominion over those who served in affliction; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahirub was historian; and Shepherd was clerk; and Zadok and Abiathar were chief priests; and Elah the Jairite was David's vizier", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-151: "And there was a famine in the days of David, three years in a row, and David asked the LORD. And the LORD said, "This famine is because of Saul and his house of blood, which killed the Gibeonites". Did the "priests" say this to David under the guise of "the LORD"? Answer: It was the "priests" who told David the lie under the guise of "Yahweh". The "priests" were appalling under the guise of "Jehovah" so that they could be feared.
"So the Gibeonites were not Israelites, but what was left of the Amorites. The Israelites had sworn to them that they would not kill them, but Saul was very zealous for the Israelites and the Judahites, and wanted to kill them". Answer: Yes.
"And King David summoned them, and asked them, saying, What shall I do for you? What can I do to atone for this sin, that you may be blessed for the inheritance of the LORD?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: Yes. The "inheritance of the LORD" is the "inheritance of the priests". "If the LORD does not have an "estate", the "priests" have no prestige. "The fact that people believe whatever the priests say shows that the LORD's inheritance is huge.

10-152, "The Gibeonites answered and said to him, "Our business with Saul and his house is not about gold or silver, nor should we kill an Israelite for our sake. David said, "As you say, so I will do for you. And they said to the king, "He who has conspired against us to destroy us, that we should not dwell in Israel any more, will now give us seven of his sons and daughters, that we may hang them before the LORD in Gibeah, where the LORD chose Saul. And the king said, "I will give them to you", and asked, Is that so? Answer: Yes. (A tragedy caused by the lies of the "priests", by demonic heresies.
"And the king, because he had made an alliance with Jonathan son of Saul by an oath to the Lord, loved Mephibosheth son of Jonathan, the grandson of Saul, and did not deliver him, but delivered into the hands of the Gibeonites two sons born to Saul, Amnoniel and Mephibosheth, the daughter of Aiah, and five sons born to Adriel son of Barzillai, the son of Meholath, the sister of Saul's daughter Michal ", and asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes. The lie of the "priests" affected the innocent. Because Saul had offended the priest Samuel, the subsequent priests had to avenge Samuel's death. 10-153.
10-153, "So the Gibeonites hung them on the mountain before the LORD, and the seven died together. They were killed at the time of the harvest, when the barley was being cut". Answer: Yes. Because "Saul" had offended "Samuel" the priest, all the "priests" who came after him wanted to avenge "Samuel's" death. The next "priests" were to avenge "Samuel's" death.
"And Lizpah the daughter of Aiya made a tabernacle of sackcloth over the rock, from the time of the harvest until the rain fell on the body, so that no bird of the air should fall on the body by day, and no beast of the field should come and spoil it by night. And it came to pass that some men told David of this which had been done by Rehoboth, the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul. So David went and brought the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son from the Gileadites, because the Philistines had killed Saul at Gilboa and hung his body in the marketplace of Bethsaida, and the Gileadites had stolen it. David brought the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son from there, and collected the bones of the seven men who had been hanged. And he buried the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son in Zerah of Benjamin, in the tomb of Kish, Saul's father", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.