Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 25 Samuel dies
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
25:1 When Samuel died, all Israel gathered together and wept over him, and buried him in his own tomb at Ramah (note: "tomb" is originally "house"). David got up and went down into the wilderness of Paran.
25:2 There was a man in Mahomet whose property was in Carmel, a rich man with three thousand sheep and a thousand goats. He was shearing sheep at Carmel.
25:3 The man's name was Nabal, a man of the tribe of Caleb; and his wife's name was Abigail, a wise and handsome woman. Nabal was a headstrong and wicked man.
25:4 And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal was shearing wool.
25:5 So David sent ten servants and commanded them, saying, "Go up to Carmel to Nabal, and mention my name and ask him for peace.
25:6 Thus shall you say to the rich man, 'Peace be with you, peace be with your house, and peace be with all that you have!
25:7 Now I have heard that someone is shearing your wool for you. Your shepherds were with us in Carmel, and we did not deceive them, and they did not lose anything.
25:8 You may ask your servants, and they will tell you. Therefore may my servant be gracious in your sight, for it is in a good day that he comes. Take some at your hand and give it to your servant and to your son David.'"
25:9 When David's servants arrived, they told Nabal all these words mentioning David's name, and they stopped talking.
25:10 Then Nabal answered David's servant, "Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? There have been many servants who have run away from their masters in disobedience.
25:11 Shall I give food and drink, and meat slaughtered by the shearers of my sheep, to a man from whom I do not know where he comes?"
25:12 Then David's servants turned and went back the way they had come, and told David according to these words.
25:13 David said to those who followed him, "Take your swords, each of you." So all the men took their swords, and David took his sword. About four hundred men went up with David, leaving two hundred men to guard the instruments.
25:14 One of Nabal's servants told Abigail, Nabal's wife, "David sent messengers from the wilderness to ask my master's peace, but he insulted them.
25:15 But those men treated us well. We were not bullied by them, nor did we lose anything when we came with them in the field.
25:16 They were our security day and night while we tended sheep with them.
25:17 Therefore plan and see what you can do. Otherwise, trouble will come upon my master and his household. He is so violent that no one dares to speak to him."
25:18 And Abijah hastened to carry on his donkey two hundred loaves of bread, two leather sacks of wine, five sheep that had been packed, five fine sheaves that had been baked, a hundred grape loaves, and two hundred fig loaves.
25:19 And she said to her servants, "Go ahead, and I will go with you." But she did not tell her husband, Nabal, about this.
25:20 Abijah was riding down the hill on his donkey when he saw David and the men who were following him coming down from the opposite side, and Abijah met them.
25:21 David had said, "It was in vain that I watched for that man in the wilderness what I had, so that he did not lose the same! He returned good for evil to me.
25:22 If I keep one of the male children of Nabal until tomorrow morning, may God punish me severely!"
25:23 When Abiathar saw David, he hurriedly got off his donkey and bowed down with his face to the ground before David.
25:24 and fell down at David's feet, saying, "O my Lord, may this sin be mine! Let the handmaid speak to you, and let her speak to you, and let her speak to you.
25:25 My lord ignore the bad man Nabal, whose nature is worthy of his name; his name is Nabal (note: meaning "foolish"), and he is a foolish man. But the servant whom my lord had sent, the maidservant, did not see him.
25:26 O my lord! Since the LORD has prevented you from taking vengeance with your own hands, and from taking the bloodshed of sin, I have dared to swear before you, by the living LORD, that your enemies and those who seek to harm you will be like Nabal.
25:27 Now give to your servant who follows you the gift from your handmaid.
25:28 Forgive the handmaid her sins. The LORD will establish a strong house for my lord, for my lord fights for the LORD, and nothing will be found to come over in the days of your life.
25:29 Though men rise up against you and seek your life, your life will be protected by the LORD your God as a wrapped treasure; and the life of your enemies the LORD will cast away as a stone with a string.
25:30,31 If my lord does not now take vengeance with his own hand, and shed the blood of the innocent, when the LORD has blessed you and made you king over Israel, as he promised you, then my lord will not be troubled in his heart and feel a bad conscience. When the LORD blesses my lord, remember the handmaid."
25:32 David said to Abiathar, "Blessed be the LORD God of Israel! For he has made you come to meet me today.
25:33 Praise be to you and to your insight, for you have prevented me today from avenging myself and shedding the blood of men.
25:34 I swear by the LORD, the living God of Israel, who has prevented me from doing you harm, that if you do not come quickly to meet me, by tomorrow morning not one male of Nabal will be left behind."
25:35 When David had received the gift from Abigail, he said to her, "I have listened to you and granted your favor; you may go home in peace!"
25:36 When Abigail came to Nabal, she saw that he had made a feast in his house, like a king's feast. Nabal was happy and drunk. Abijah did not tell him anything, great or small, but waited until the next morning.
25:37 When morning came, and Nabal had sobered up, his wife told him all these things, and he was as stiff as a stone.
25:38 After ten days the LORD struck Nabal, and he died.
25:39 When David heard that Nabal was dead, he said, "Praise be to the LORD, for he has done Nabal wrong in humiliating me, and has prevented his servant from doing evil; he has also brought the evil of Nabal down on Nabal's head." So David sent and spoke to Abiathar to take her as his wife.
25:40 David's servants came to Abigail at Carmel and said to her, "David has sent us to you, wanting to take you as his wife."
25:41 Then Abigail arose and fell on her face, saying, "I would rather be a maidservant and wash the feet of the servants of my lord."
25:42 Immediately Abigail got up, got on her donkey, and took five of her ambassadors with her, and went after David's messengers, and became David's wife.
25:43 David first took Ahinon the Jezreelite, and they both became his wives.
25:44 And Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to Pati, the son of Lahion the Karimite, to be his wife.

Expository section.
"25:1 And when Samuel was dead, all Israel gathered together and wept over him": (1) Let us return to the previous section and see how "Samuel" stood in the hearts of the people. Quote:8:1-3 When Samuel was old, he made his sons teachers of Israel. The name of the first son was Joel, and the name of the second son was Abiathar, and they served as teachers in Beersheba. His sons did not walk in his ways, but were greedy for money, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, and said to him, "You are old, and your sons do not walk in your ways. Now make for us a king to rule over us, like the nations." 12:1 And Samuel said to all Israel, "I have granted you what you have asked of me, and have made a king for you. 15:11 "I made Saul king, and I regret it, because he turned away and did not follow me, and did not keep my commands." Then Samuel was greatly distressed, and cried to the LORD all the night. (2) Do you see? "Samuel was not even capable of educating his son and was not qualified to be the "Pope of the Church". One can only imagine how many people would have "wept for him". (3) "Samuel" was the last Jewish "pope of the church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards there was no more "Jewish priesthood". From Samuel onwards, the "Jewish priests" no longer had the crown of "pope", but became devils who were jealous of the king's power and used various excuses to bewitch him.

9-160, (1) "25:5 Then David sent ten servants, and commanded them, saying, "May my servant be gracious in your sight, for he is come in a good day. Take some at hand and give it to the servants and to your son David", Q: Is that so? (2) "25:10 Then Nabal answered David's servant, saying, Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? There have been many servants of late who have run away in rebellion against their masters. Shall I give food and drink, and meat slaughtered by my shearers, to a man from whom I do not know where he comes", Q. Is this what Nabal said to David's servant? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

9-161, (1) "25:14 One of Nabal's servants told Abigail, Nabal's wife, "David sent messengers from the wilderness to ask my master's peace, but he insulted them. But those men treated us well. We were not bullied by them, nor did we lose anything when we went with them in the field. They were our security day and night while we tended sheep with them", Q. Is this true? (2) "25:18 And Abigail hastened to take two hundred loaves of bread, and two leather bags of wine, and five gathered sheep, and five fine sheaves of baked bread, and a hundred grape cakes, and two hundred fig cakes, and put them on her donkey, and said to her servants, Go ahead, and I will go with you. But she did not tell her husband, Nabal," and asked, "Is this so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

9-162, (1) "25:21 And David had said, In vain did I watch for that man in the wilderness what I had, that he should not lose the same! He returned good for evil to me. If I keep one of the male children of Nabal until tomorrow morning, may God punish me severely", Q: Did David say this? (2) 25:35 When David had received the gift from Abigail, he said to her, "I have listened to you and granted your favour; you may go home in peace!" , Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

9-163. (1) "25:37 And in the morning, when Nabal had sobered up, his wife told him all these things, and he was disembodied and stiff as a stone", Q: Is that so? (2) "25:38 And after ten days the LORD struck Nabal, and he died", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) The couple fought over their disagreement and Nabal was killed. "Such a demonic heresy can only be said by demon-possessed demons like the "priests". They want to deify "Jehovah" to intimidate everyone so that they can have authority over him. The "priests" (priests, priests) are the embodiment of lying, demonic words.
9-164, "25:40 And David's servants came to Abigail at Carmel, and said to her, "David has sent us to you to take you as his wife." , Q. Is that so? (2) "25:42 And immediately Abigail arose, and got on her ass, and took five of her ambassadors, and went after David's messengers, and became David's wife.", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





