Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 11 Making "Saul" king before the Lord
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
11:1 And Nahum king of the Ammonites came up, and encamped against Gilead Jabi. And all the men of Jabi said to Nahum, "Make a covenant with us, and we will serve you."
11:2 And Nahum the Ammonite said, "If you will pluck out the right eye of each of you by me, and insult all Israel by doing so, I will make a covenant with you."
11:3 The elders of Jabi said to him, "Have mercy on us for seven days, until we send out to all the land of Israel, and if no one saves us, we will come out to you."
11:4 When the messenger came to Gibeah, where Saul was staying, he spoke these words to the people, and they all cried out with a loud voice.
11:5 Saul was returning from the field to drive the cattle, and asked, "Why are the people weeping?" The people told him the words of the Jabirites.
11:6 When Saul heard this, he was greatly moved by the Spirit of God and became very angry.
11:7 He cut up a pair of oxen into pieces and sent messengers through all Israel, saying, "Whoever does not come out to follow Saul and Samuel will also have his oxen cut up in this way." Then the LORD made the people afraid, and they all came out as one.
11:8 And Saul counted them at Bethel: three hundred thousand men of Israel, and thirty thousand men of Judah.
11:9 The people said to the messenger, "Reply to the Jaredites of Gilead, saying, 'Tomorrow, when the sun is near noon, you will be rescued.'" The messenger went back and told the Jabirites, and they rejoiced.
11:10 So the Jabbits said to the Ammonites, "Tomorrow we will come out to you, and you may do with us as you please."
11:11 On the next day Saul divided the people into three groups, and entered the camp of the Ammonites at the morning watch, and struck them down until the sun was near noon; and all the rest fled, and no two were with them.
11:12 The people said to Samuel, "Who is he who says that Saul is not able to rule over us? May he be handed over, so that we may kill him?"
11:13 Saul said, "Today the LORD is working salvation in Israel; therefore do not kill."
11:14 Samuel said to the people, "Let us go to Gilgal and set up a kingdom there."
11:15 So the people came to Gilgal and made Saul king before the LORD, and offered peace offerings before the LORD. And Saul and all Israel rejoiced greatly.

Expository section.
9-40, "11:2 If I pluck out the right eye of each of you and insult all Israel by doing so, then I will make a covenant with you". Answer: Yes.
9-41. "11:3 And the elders of Jabi said to him, "Have mercy on us seven days, until we send to all Israel, and if no one saves us, we will come out to you. Answer: Yes.
9-42, 11:7 (Saul) He cut up a pair of oxen into pieces and entrusted them to messengers to send to all Israel, saying, "Whoever does not come out to follow Saul and Samuel will also have his oxen cut up in this way", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. The answer was: Yes. This means that Saul was a righteous man who was ready to die.
9-43. "11:11 On the second day Saul divided the people into three groups and entered the camp of the Ammonites at the morning watch, and killed them until the sun was near noon, but all the rest fled, and no two were with them". Answer: Yes. This shows that "Saul" was a very good commander and a king.
9-44, 11:14 Samuel said to the people, "We will go to Gilgal and set up a kingdom there". Answer: Yes.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 18 Mar 2017 Edited 1 Nov 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province

, 





