Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Commentary (Chapter 8) The Lamb Opens the Seventh Seal The Angel Blows the Trumpet
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 8: The Opening of the Seventh Seal (8:1-2)
27-8:1, "8:1 When the Lamb opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven for about two moments": (1) The second seal opened is an instruction to the "church of Laodicea": "You are like warm water, neither cold nor hot; therefore I will spit you out of my mouth, and I I urge you to buy from me gold refined by fire, that you may be rich, and if I stand at the door and knock, and if anyone hears my voice and opens the door, and overcomes, I will give him to sit with me on my throne. (2) "You are like warm water, neither cold nor hot" means that you are numb, that you do not have the wisdom of "love and hate", that you do not know the words and deeds of "righteousness", that you have become This is the image of the slave of the law that the devil wants, the opposite of the Christ who has "a two-edged sword and feet like a bright bronze and iron staff". Therefore, you are like "a mouthful of spittle in my mouth", and I will spit you out of my mouth. (3) Jesus' "gold refined by fire" is in the Book of Revelation. If you have not practised the Book of Revelation, if you have not become Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire", and if you have not been able to discover which lies of the devil are in the Old and New Testaments, then you have not "Buy from me gold refined by fire", and I will not be able to "make you rich". Christ, who became "a man with eyes like a flame of fire", found out which lies of the devil were in the Old and New Testaments, exposed the sins of the Church with a "two-edged sword", and was vilified and suppressed by the Church, and did the same as Christ, which is "Buy from me gold refined by fire", and I will "make you rich". (4) If you have become the "Lamb" of the Church, "missionary, priest, father, pastor", and do not know that you have become "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the voice of many waters, seven stars in your right hand, two-edged sword in your mouth, face like a sword. You are a minion of Satan. You cannot hear Jesus knocking at the door, nor can you open the door for him. (5) You have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, with a rod of iron", you are "not victorious", you are "defeated"! Surely the Pharaoh, who has made a thief his father, cannot let Jesus "give him to sit with me on my throne". (6) Fifteen minutes and a quarter, two quarters is half an hour. "There was silence in heaven for about two moments", a time given to Christians to think and a command being communicated.
27-8:2, "8:2 I saw the seven angels who stood before God, and seven trumpets were given to them": the "seven trumpets" are the seven different trumpets of the hijack.

Revelation 8: The angels offer the censer and the prayers of the saints (8:3-5)
27-8:3, "8:3 Another angel took a golden censer and came and stood by the altar. And there was given him much incense to offer on the golden altar before the throne with the prayers of all the saints": (1) The "golden censer" represents two kinds of people, the upright, good, righteous, loyal and patriotic people who are not religious, and the "Lamb (2) "There are many incense burners. (2) "There was much incense given" to the Lamb. The "many incense" is the fragrance of merit and moral fragrance produced by the Baiyang edification of promoting "the unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions and the return of the mother to her roots". (3) The "praying saints" are the disciples of the five sects of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism, not the disciples of the "Lamb", for none of the disciples of the "Lamb" is a "lamb". None of the "Lamb's" disciples "prayed". "All the disciples of the Lamb know that "prayer" is the "workmanship" of Satan, the devil, and that it is a magic that makes people go mad and fall into hell.
27-8:3, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "8:3 In the temple worship service there was an incense burner with coals on which incense was poured, and the smoke of the fragrance was poured upward, symbolizing the prayers of the believers ascending to God (Ex. 30:7-9)": (1) "In the temple worship service there was an incense burner with coals on which incense was poured. (1) "The temple worship service included an incense burner with coals", indicating that this was a place dominated by the Jewish priests, the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" whom Jesus rebuked. (2) The "worship service" was a farce by the satanic priests who were "trying to deceive and deceive the people". (3) "The incense burner with charcoal" is "like the tile of a kiln" and should be smashed to pieces with a "rod of iron". (4) "When the incense is poured over the coals, the smoke of the fragrance drifts upward", which is what Satan needs, not what God wants. What God wants is the moral fragrance of man. (5) "Prayer" is a form of magic (the law of action) that makes people "turn their minds outward and lose their own nature". The prayer of the believer can rise to Satan, not to God. For the "prayer of the believer" is a farce played out by a man of the law who confesses that he is the father of a thief.

27-8:4, "8:4 The smoke of the incense and the prayers of the saints ascended to God from the hands of the angels": this means that the words and deeds of the disciples of the Lamb and the words and deeds of the saints God knows them all.
27-8:5, "8:5 And the angel took the censer and filled it with fire from the altar and poured it out on the ground, and there was thunder, and loud voices, and lightning, and earthquakes": (1) "And the angel took the censer and filled it with fire from the altar and poured it out on the ground", indicating that there were no religious beliefs for the virtuous. The disciples of the virtuous and the "Lamb" were tested, verified and marked. (2) This was followed by "thunder, loud voices, lightning and earthquakes", indicating that the tribulation was unleashed and coming.

Revelation 8 The first angel blows the trumpet (8:6-7)
27-8:6, "8:6 And the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared to blow": the seven heavenly tribulations were about to occur.
27-8:7, "8:7 When the first angel blew the trumpet, there was hail and fire mixed with blood thrown on the earth. A third of the earth and a third of the trees were burned, and all the grass was burned": (1) "Hail and fire mixed with blood were thrown on the ground", indicating that "hail and fire" damaged people and animals. The "shells and bullets" in war are similar to "hail" in that they are all related to "fire" and come from the sky, and are "mixed with blood and thrown on the ground". on the ground"]. (2) "A third of the earth and a third of the trees were burned, and all the grass was burned", indicating that fire had broken out. There are many kinds of fires, and warfare is one of them.

Revelation 8 The second angel blows the trumpet (8:8-9)
27-8:8, "8:8 And the second angel blew the trumpet, and there was cast into the sea as it were a great mountain burning with fire. And a third of the sea became blood": (1) "A mountain on fire" indicates that there was a fire. There is fire on the mountain, under the burgundy (mountain) and above the li (fire), a brigade. The fire is burning in the mountain, but it does not stop, the fire keeps spreading forward, like a pedestrian on the way, eager to hurry, hence the name Brigade. A movement is bound to cause some people to flee for refuge. (2) "A mountain on fire is thrown into the sea": a bomb falls on a sea of people and the smoke rises up like a mountain on fire. (2) "A third of the sea becomes blood": A third of the sea of men bleeds, because they suffer the retribution of their own laziness and sins. The vast sea of people in this world is also a "sea."]
27-8:9, "8:9 A third of the living creatures of the sea died, and a third of the ships were broken": (1) "A third of the living creatures of the sea died", a third of the living creatures of the human sea died. (2) "A third of the ships were broken" means that a typhoon had occurred. [The ships of the navy were among them. One third of the ships of the victorious country were destroyed, and the navy of the defeated country was almost completely wiped out. The means of transport in the human sea, similar to the means of transport, are "ships". An aircraft carrier is equivalent to a building of several dozen stories.

Revelation 8: The third angel blows the trumpet (8:10-11)
27-8:10, "8:10 And the third angel blew the trumpet, and a great burning star fell from heaven like a torch on the third of the rivers and on the fountains of the waters": (1) The water level fell and a drought occurred. (2) Water is the source of life and represents life. (3) Since "the burning star is like a torch, and it falls from heaven on the third part of the rivers and on the fountains of the waters", it will also fall on the land and on the people. "What is this? This is an aeroplane, a cannonball.
27-11, "8:11 And the name of the star was "Artemisia". And a third of all the waters became an inundation, and many died because the waters became bitter": (1) "Inundation", insecticide, insecticide. Stale, past, old, time honoured. "(1) "In-artemisia", because of the wrongdoings done in the past in a careless, inattentive and unruly manner, according to the cosmic law of "good and evil will be rewarded", in this life the punishment is due, which is considered to be the final balance and the end of the karma of the past life. This cosmic law of "good and evil are rewarded" is called karma. (2) "All waters" refers to the multitude of beings in the human world. The fact that "one third of life has become a variety of arteries" means that one third of people suffer from their own "karmic consequences". (3) As a result of the retribution and the punishment due to them, suffering comes, and as a result of the "water becoming bitter", many people die. (4) The Artemisia japonica, also known as mugwort, is also divided into bitter mugwort, sweet mugwort, Roman mugwort, Chinese mugwort, etc.; it has the appearance of a small pine tree and smells like a special, faint fragrance, and is often hung by the old people at the door of the Chinese Dragon Boat Festival.

Revelation 8 The fourth angel blows the trumpet (8:12-13)
27-8:12, "8:12 And the fourth angel blew the trumpet, and a third of the sun, and a third of the moon, and a third of the stars were struck, so that a third of the sun, and a third of the moon, and a third of the stars were darkened, and a third of the day was without light, and the night": (1) This is all metaphorical and not true. It means that there is not enough yang energy in the world, and yin energy is very strong; demons and monsters are running amok and harming people, and unjust spirits are collecting debts. The civil servants in hell are busy collecting the sinful souls to hell. (2) The smoke of war is covering the sky.
"Watchman Nee: The light of the sun, the moon and the stars diminished, and there was a change in the heavens, and the world was darkened. But God did not strike the sun, the moon, or the stars in their entirety, for he remembered his words (Gen. 8:22)": this means that you are clinging to the surface of words, that you are "blind without ears"].

27-8:13, "8:13 And I saw an eagle flying in the air, and I heard it saying with a loud voice, "Woe to you, you people who dwell on the earth, when the three angels shall blow the rest of the trumpets! Woe to you! Woe to you!" : (1) "An eagle flying in the air", a metaphor for an angel who flies and gives orders. (2) "Your people who dwell on the earth", because they all cling to the "old law-boat" of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Jehovah", and do not believe in the "Lamb" of the "old law-boat". Therefore, you are all "rootless wood" that "disobeys and disrespects the mandate of Heaven". Since you do not respect the Lamb as the Lord of Baiyang, you cannot live in the Baiyang world where the Lamb is at the helm. It is the destiny of heaven and man to take you, the "traitors", to the place where you should be. (3) "You who dwell on the earth", you are all drunk in the "old law-boat" of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Jehovah", which cannot make people into Christ (the Son of God), and you are not on the "Lamb's side" that God has prepared for you. You are all animals and zombies who do not understand the words of men, who have missed the opportunity to be "blessed by God", and who are to blame for your misfortune. The poor are to be hated. (4) Christ was sent from heaven for the good of mankind. God has sent down various Christs at different times to create the "heaven on earth" that we have today. If one cannot face new things and stand up to the tide, one will be left behind by the times. A modern man living in a global village, but accepting the teachings of an ancient man who lived a thousand or two years ago, and not accepting the teachings of a second master, just like accepting only "a kindergarten teacher" for the rest of his life, is a perverse idea that "fixes people to death! "The image of the devil, such scum, is a disgrace to the civilized world, they are not qualified to live in the civilized world, they deserve to disappear in the global village.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 2017-6-3 17:31:27 Edited 8 June Edited 22 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









