Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 20 "Prophets" are "ignorant, stupid pigs"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 20 Abimelech is warned (20:1-7)
1. "20:1 And Abraham moved from there to the south land, and took up his abode in Kirar between Kadesh and Shur": (1) The farce of "the prophet is a liar" has begun. (2) Greetings, readers of Genesis! Welcome to the Theatre of Genesis! I am the "curtain-raiser" of Genesis, and the following programme is about to be presented to you: "Prophets" are "ignorant, stupid pigs, liars who commit fraud in the name of the Lord". The prophets are "ignorant, foolish pigs who commit fraud in the name of the Lord. Please enjoy. The "announcer" bows and leaves the stage. Here begins the farce of Abraham, the "prophet of the LORD".

2. "20:2 Abraham called his wife Sarah his sister. Abimelech, king of Gerael, sent for Sarah": (1) Abram left Haran at the age of 75 and went to the land of Canaan, and then Abram gradually moved to the southern land. When a famine struck the land, Abram went down to Egypt, and Abram said to his wife Sarai, "Say, I pray you, you are my sister, that I may have peace through you, and that my life may live through you". (2) This time, because of Kirar, who was living in the midst of Kadesh and Shuar, Abraham again called his wife Sarai his sister. Again, Abimelech, king of Gerael, sent for Sarah to take her. (3) "Abraham called his wife Sarah his sister", a farce in which the husband and wife conspired to deceive with lies. (4) "Abimelech, king of Gelael, sent someone to take Sarah away", in reality the "liar" was arrested and taken to the authorities (public security bureau) because of his deceitful heart, his deceitfulness and his falsehood.

3. "20:3 But in the night God came and said to Abimelech in a dream, "You are a dead man! For you have taken the woman who was another man's wife": (1) And the Lord said to Abimelech in the dream, "You are a dead man", you are a dying man! (2) For you have taken the woman, Sarah, who was another man's wife, and you have committed the great sin of "taking another man's wife" and have become "a man of iniquity". (3) The farce of "Abraham calling his wife Sarah his sister" was too much for the LORD to bear, for it was the second time that he had played it out, and the LORD had exposed the lie that the couple had conspired to deceive. (4) The LORD explained to Abimelech the truth of Abraham's deception, and Abimelech became a true "prophet" at this time. Abraham, who had been in contact with Yahweh, had never been in such a "prophetic" situation.

4. "20:4 But Abimelech was not yet close to Sarah. He said, "Lord, will you destroy even a righteous nation": (1) Abimelech was not yet close to Sarah and had not yet formed evidence of his sin of "taking a man's wife". (2) Abimelech said, "O God, I have not become a "man of iniquity", but will you destroy even the kingdom of the righteous? (3) Abraham and his wife, who deceived people with lies, were the "unrighteous" ones who should be destroyed. Isn't that so?

5. "20:5 Did not the man himself say to me, "She is my sister? Even the woman herself said, "He is my brother. I have done this with a righteous heart and clean hands": (1) Abraham himself said to me, She is my sister. (2) The woman Sarah also said to herself, Abraham he is my brother. (3) They themselves said, "I am not husband and wife, but I have not sinned in taking a man's wife, and I have done this with a righteous heart and clean hands. (4) Wasn't Abraham guilty of sin? Abraham had already sinned by lying to others.

6. "20:6 And God said unto him in a dream, I know that thou hast done this thing in the integrity of thine heart, and I have stopped thee, lest thou sin against me: therefore I will not let thee have her": (1) And the LORD said unto him, I know that thou hast done this thing in the integrity of thine heart, and thou hast not erred, and I have stopped thee. (2) If you do not listen to my interruption, you sin against me, and I will not allow you to touch her. If you touch her, you have sinned. (3) For Abimelech did not know that Abraham had lied like an attack of insanity (describing his wife as his sister), and had made him fall for it, and he did not know it. (4) Such a man as Abimelech was a true "prophet", for "I know that you have done this with integrity in your heart". (5) This shows that the word "prophet" is actually given to a person who is "upright in heart", not to Abraham, a fraudulent liar.

7. "20:7 Now return this man's wife to him, for he is a prophet, and he will pray for you and keep you alive. If you do not return him, know that you and all your people will die": (1) From this point onwards, Abraham was given the glorious title of "prophet". What had Abraham done to deserve the title of "prophet" from the Lord? Let's go back and sort it out. (2) 12:4 Abram left Haran at the age of 75 and went to the land of Canaan, and then Abram gradually moved to the south. When a famine struck the land, Abram went down to Egypt, and Abram said to his wife Sarai, "12:13 Say, please, you are my sister, that I may have peace through you, and that my life may live through you". This was a lie on Abram's part, a sign of lack of blood and courage, a sign of pedantry without the courage of a husband who could not bear it, a sign that Abram was living on the run. A man like Abram became a "prophet", and it follows that "prophet" means "a liar, a man of no blood, a man of no courage, a man of no husbandly spirit, a pedant, a man who lives by the wayside". (3) "12:16 And Pharaoh treated Abram well because of the woman, and Abram received many oxen, sheep, camels, donkeys, female donkeys, and maidservants": Abram did not fight on his own, but simply "took his wife as his sister; and she was taken into Pharaoh's palace". Is Abram worthy of our learning, that he got many sheep, cattle, camels, male donkeys, female donkeys and maidservants? Does this show that Abram was incompetent? Or does it show that Abram was capable? These possessions that Abram was given were a blasphemy and a slander against men. It is a disgrace to true manhood! A man like Abram became a "prophet", which means "a prophet" means "a man who uses his wife to get property, to blackmail kings, to take by force". (4) "13:8 Then Abram said to Lot, "You and I shall not strive against each other, nor your shepherd against my shepherd, for we are flesh and blood. 13:9 Is not all the earth before your eyes? Leave me: if you turn to the left, I will turn to the right; if you turn to the right, I will turn to the left": this was the right thing for once for Abram to do. This is one of the reasons for being a "prophet".
(5) "The four kings fought against the five kings", and the four kings defeated the five kings, and Abram defeated the four kings with 318 men. "14:18 And Melchizedek king of Salem came out to meet Abram with bread and wine. 14:19 And he blessed Abram, saying, Blessed be the Lord, the God of heaven and earth, the Most High, who blessed Abram. 14:20 Blessed is the God of the Most High who has put his enemies into your hand. 14:21 Then the king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the people, but take your own possessions. 14:23 I will not take anything that is yours, not a thread or a shoelace, lest you say, "I have made Abram rich": showing that Abram was no more a king than the four kings who had been defeated by He was no better than any of the "five kings" who were defeated by the "four kings". It shows that he was surprised by his victory and was not confident that he had achieved a great victory. It shows that Abram not only did not have the ambition to unite the territories of the "nine kings", but also did not have the ambition to become "one king", nor did he have the qualifications to be the "father" of a nation, let alone the "father of many nations". He was not qualified to be the "father" of a nation, let alone "the father of many nations". The fact that a man like Abram became a "prophet" shows that "prophet" means "not confident, not able to take charge, not ambitious, confused, or mentally handicapped".
(6) "16:6 And Abram said to Sarai, "Do with your daughter as you please while she is under you. And Sarai treated her bitterly, and she fled from before Sarai": "The angelic daughter is under you, and you may do with her as you please" is a devilish statement from Abram, which shows that Abram was a beast without a just heart, a fair heart, or a kind heart. Abram was not even able to take on the responsibilities of Hagar's husband, to properly settle the affairs of his household, nor was he qualified to handle the affairs of state as a king, nor could he afford to take on the office of king of state. No wonder the king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the population", and no wonder Melchizedek asked Abram to give him a tenth of what he had received. Sarai had Abram's support in treating Hagar, an Egyptian woman who was pregnant and about to give birth. Unprotected by her husband Abram, Hagar had no choice but to flee. A man like Abram became a "prophet", which means "a beast who is not without justice, fairness and kindness; who is unable to assume the responsibilities of a husband or to settle domestic affairs properly". (7) "17:17
(7) "17:1 When Abram was ninety-nine years old, the LORD appeared to him and said to him, "I am God Almighty; be thou perfect before me. 17:4 I have made a covenant with thee, that thou shalt be a father to many nations": Abram! Listen carefully! The "covenant I make with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". Abram, you old fool, you know how to kowtow to "idols". You do not know what a "perfect man" is, nor do you ask what a "perfect man" is. If you misinterpret the will of the LORD and disobey him, you have "broken the covenant". If you "break the covenant" because of your own ignorance, the "covenant I made with you" will not be fulfilled. "The one to blame is yourself", you remember! A man like Abraham became a "prophet", which means "ignorant, ignorant covenant-breaker, foolish covenant-breaker".
(8) "17:27 And all the members of the household were circumcised together, whether they were born in the house or were bought with silver from a stranger": Abraham! You fool! Open your eyes and see clearly! You and your son are "99 or 13 years old", and it doesn't matter how you "circumcise your penis", do you understand? Old fogey. "Circumcision" is a farce of self-inflicted harm by an old fool. A man like Abram became a "prophet", which means "a fool, an old fool, a misunderstanding, a confusion of right and wrong, a confusion of truth and falsehood, and a belief in right and wrong".
(9) "18:33 When the LORD had finished speaking with Abraham, he went away; and Abraham returned to his own place": although Abraham's family was "circumcised", it was not done on the "eighth day of his life". "Can this be considered "circumcision", which he did not verify after seeing the LORD? The LORD himself came to his house in order to correct his mistake, leaving him plenty of time to ask him how he had "circumcised the skin of the male". Abraham did not say a word about the "circumcision", but said a lot of meaningless things to show his "false compassion". Therefore, Abraham is a representative of all kinds of bad habits, and the Lord has allowed all kinds of bad habits to be displayed in Abraham in order to warn us not to follow Abraham's example, not to become a "second Abraham", not to fail the Lord's heart. The fact that a man like Abraham became a "prophet" shows that "prophet" means "a foolish pig, a clown, a fool, an ugly person with bad habits, a person whom no one should learn from (10) "He will be a prophet for the people.
(10) "He will pray for you and keep you alive" is a deliberate "joke" by Yahweh to scare people, for an ignorant pig (prophet) who prays for you cannot keep you alive, nor can he let you die. For it is not anyone's prayers that determine whether you live or die, but whether you sin in your own words and actions. If you let a "prophet" pray for you, you are finding a foolish pig to tease yourself with. (11) "If you do not return him, you shall know that you and all your people will die", this was a deliberate attempt by the Lord to scare people, not that the "prophet's prayer" was effective, but that he would send Sarah back, because Abimelech did not know that Abraham was lying like a Abimelech did not know that Abraham had lied like a madman and let him fall for it.

Genesis 20: Abimelech rebukes Abraham (20:1-7)
8. "20:8 And Abimelech rose up early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told them all these things, and they were afraid": (1) They were all afraid of Abimelech, because Abimelech had become a "prophet" in the favour of the LORD. (2) The LORD told Abimelech about the farce of "Abraham calling his wife Sarah his sister", and who would not be afraid of Abimelech's "psychic powers and the manifestation of the LORD"?

9. "20:9 And Abimelech summoned Abraham, and said to him, "How have you done this to me? In what have I sinned against thee, that thou hast brought me into great sin, and all my countrymen into great sin? You have done to me what is not right!" : (1) How did you do this to me? Why do you tell lies and deceive me? Why did you not say that Sarah was your wife? (2) In what have I sinned against you that you have used such a lie to induce me to sin and to trap me and the people of my country in great sin? (3) You have done to me what is wrong! You have deceived me and the people of my country with lies; you are a great liar.

10. "20:10 Then Abimelech said to Abraham, "What have you seen to do this?" : (1) Abimelech was angry with Abraham for lying and deceiving. (2) Abraham, what iniquity have you seen me do, that you should do this to deceive us?

11. "20:11 And Abraham said, "I thought that the people of this place, who do not fear God, would kill me for my wife's sake": (1) This shows that Abraham had a serious "suspicion", that is, a "mental illness (2) Modern medical terminology for "suspicion". (2) The modern medical term "mental illness" is due to the fact that after the "sacrifice" he was possessed by the devil and was not thinking clearly, resulting in a great discrepancy between his judgement and the truth. (3) Judaism, which cannot be Christ, is a demonic group, and the "prophets" are all demonic psychopaths who dominate their thinking.

12. "20:12 Moreover, she is indeed my sister, who is half-brother to me, and afterwards became my wife": (1) The only way to cover up a lie is with a lie. (2) Do you see? Such a person is a "prophet". This is the LORD's way of telling everyone that a "prophet" is a "liar".

13. "20:13 When God told me to leave my father's house and drift away, I said to her, "Wherever we go, you can say to people, "He is my brother; this is the grace you have shown me": (1) The LORD did not tell you to leave your father's house and drift away to open your eyes and increase your knowledge and build a civilized nation like Egypt. You did not listen to the LORD's correction. (2) "You may say to men, He is my brother" is a lie to cover up a lie. It shows that Abraham is the devil. (3) Do you see? Such a man is a "prophet". This is the Lord's way of telling everyone that a "prophet" is a "liar".

14. "20:14 And Abimelech gave Abraham his oxen and his sheep and his maidservants, and returned to him Sarah his wife": (1) "Abimelech gave Abraham his oxen and his sheep and his maidservants", as the man who had "sent for Sarah". Sarah". (2) Abraham, like the last time he fled from the famine in Egypt, took "the cattle, sheep and maidservants that Abimelech had given him", which was tantamount to letting his wife sell her flirtation once again for a good price and a great profit. (3) Abraham! You "prophet" of the LORD, you lying liar! Come here, I ask you, how many times did Abimelech kiss your wife Sarah? If Abimelech did not kiss your wife Sarah, why did you take her possessions? (4) Abraham! You "prophet" of the LORD, you lying liar! Come here, I ask you, did Abimelech sleep with Sarah your wife? If Abimelech did not defile your wife Sarah, why did you take her possessions? (5) The fact that Abraham accepted her possessions before Abimelech had even gotten close to Sarah shows that Abraham was a shameless man who "wanted money and had no shame". This shows that Abraham did not know what human dignity was and did not have it, nor did he know that he had to take it into account. (6) It shows that Abraham did not know that what is more valuable than possessions is character and dignity, nor did he know that character and dignity are priceless. This is the concept and definition of a "prophet".

15. "20:15 And Abimelech said, "Behold! All my land is before you, and you may dwell in it as you please": (1) This is my land, and we have not deceived you, but you have deceived us. (2) You may dwell in my place as you please, but you must abide by our rules, and no lies are allowed in my place. We are going to send you to jail if you lie to us here. (3) "Liars who tell lies" will be taken to hell and "have their tongues cut out", didn't the LORD tell you? Don't you, a "prophet" of the LORD, know anything about such teachings? What kind of "prophet" are you? You are clearly an "ignorant, idiot". (4) Our nation has been enlightened by you. You are a miraculous "prophet" of the LORD, but you are a lying liar. We all know that a "prophet" is a "liar". Thank God for this teaching.

16. "20:16 And he said to Sarah, "I will give your brother a thousand pieces of silver to cover your shame in front of your household, and you will have no fault in front of all the people. ": (1) "Abraham called his wife Sarah his sister. Abimelech, king of Gelael, sent for Sarah. Abimelech had not yet been close to Sarah", and the LORD told Abimelech that Sarah was not Abraham's sister, but his wife. The LORD exposed Abraham's lie and gave the liar the title of "prophet" to scare Abimelech and save Abraham from punishment, for the LORD would use Abraham to continue to "be a clown" and without such a Without a "prophet" like Abraham, no one would know what a "liar, idiot, or stupid pig" is. (2) Sarah, (Abimelech) I have taken you, and I have not been close to you, and I have "given your brother a thousand pieces of silver to cover your shame before your household", to prove that I have not defiled you, and I have given you a huge compensation, and you have lied and earned money as a liar, so that you have not been "suspected of being defiled" in front of the people. You are not "suspected of having been raped" anymore. (3) You have deceived people with lies, and they have not held you accountable for your lies, but you have accepted huge amounts of money from them, which is wrong for you.
(4) Sarah! You "wife of the prophet"! You lying liar! Come here, I ask you, has Abimelech been close to you? If Abimelech was not close to you, why did "your brother" (Abraham) take her possessions? (5) Sarah! You "wife of the prophet"! You liar! Come here, I ask you, did Abimelech rape you? If Abimelech did not rape you, why did "your brother" (Abraham) take his possessions? (7) When you conspired together as husband and wife, using lies to confuse people, and when you finally accepted Abimelech's large sum of money, you were already guilty of "fraud"! You are proving with conclusive evidence that all the prophets of the Lord are liars who have committed "fraud"! (8) Abraham and Sarah, you two "prophets and wives of prophets" of the LORD, you two beasts! Did Yahweh teach you to deceive people with lies and to accept huge compensation from them? No, this is what the devil taught you! You are demons who compel people under the guise of Yahweh! (9) Sane people all over the world know that it is you two liars who are guilty of "fraud" who deserve to be punished and compensated!

17. "20:17 Abraham prayed to God, and God healed Abimelech and his wife and all his maids, and they were able to bear children": (1) This is the LORD's "test question, ecstasy", to see if you have any humanity left? If you believe it, you have no humanity left. Your humanity has become demonic, you have become a devil in human skin. (2) Can a lying liar like Abraham make his prayer heard by Yahweh? His prayer could only be heard by the devil in the guise of Yahweh, because his lying words and actions were showing the devil's image. (3) This sentence is an ellipsis, with the word "without" dropped before it. It should read: Without Abraham having to pray to God, God healed Abimelech and his wife and all his maids, and they were able to bear children. (4) For not only was Abimelech not at fault, but he was merciful and generous, and there was no reason why they should not have been able to bear children. (5) It was Abraham and Sarah who were at fault for their lies and deceptions, and this is why they could not bear children properly.

18. "20:18 For the LORD had made the women of Abimelech's house barren for the sake of Sarah, Abraham's wife": (1) Because of the "lying and deceiving" of Abraham and Sarah, his wife, " Jehovah" has made the woman in Abimelech's house barren, which means that such a "Jehovah" must be a satanic counterfeit. (2) "The woman in Abimelech's house was made barren", which is the devil's fraudulent curse on Abimelech. (3) This is the LORD's "test question, the ecstasy", to see if you have any humanity left in you. If you believe it, you have lost your humanity, your humanity has become demonic, you have become a devil in human skin.

(1) This is the first time that the word "prophet" appears. The root of the word is naba', which means "to announce, to arouse, to proclaim". The Bible uses the word "prophet" (nabi') to denote a person who announces messages from God. These messages may relate to the past, present and future, and include interpretation, exhortation, teaching, comfort or prophecy. The word also means a mediator. The English word "prophet" is derived from the Greek word prophetes, which is a compound of the preposition pro ("for" or "on behalf of") and the verb phemi ( "to speak"). He speaks "for" someone. He may speak to man for God or to God for man. The word "seer" (ro`eh) came into use in the time of the teachers, and was used until the time of Samuel, when the word "prophet" was used instead of "seer".
(2) The time of Abraham was a time of enlightenment in human society, when society needed a model of what to do and say to enlighten the world, to fear, and to improve, hence the dramatic figure of Abraham. The LORD does not speak directly of edification, but rather puts it metaphorically in the person of "Abraham", expressing the LORD's edification by "thinking backwards". (3) Because of the difference in human wisdom, many people simply do not have the sense to "think backwards" and hastily take "Abraham", who is supposed to be a "negative figure", as a model of Jehovah's words and actions to follow. (4) In China, the search for the "evil one" in the Bible has been a very important part of the process. (4) When one searches for "Abraham" in China, the information that comes up clearly says "prophet of Judaism, Christianity and Islam", which means that "Judaism, Christianity and Islam This shows that "Judaism, Christianity and Islam" are all devilish groups, because the "prophets" are not Christ like Jesus, but "liars" who use lies to cover up lies. (5) The fact that those whom Judaism calls "prophets" are "psychic, miraculous men" who speak directly to the devil in the guise of Yahweh is evidence that Judaism is a devilish group, which is why Jesus called Judaism a "Woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the blind, who are hypocrites"].

Li Huaiju Posted on 27 Aug 2017 19:13 29 10:10am Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






