Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 12 Samuel shows the devil's ugly face
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
12:1 And Samuel said to all Israel, "I have granted you what you have asked of me, and have made a king for you.
12:2 Now you have this king walking before you. I am old and white in skin, and all my sons are here with you. I have gone before you from my youth until this day.
12:3 Here I am, and you will be witnesses to me before the LORD and his anointed. Whose ox have I taken, whose donkey have I robbed, whom have I deceived, whom have I mistreated, from whose hand have I received a bribe and thus become blind? If so, I will repay."
12:4 The people said, "You have not deceived us or mistreated us, nor have you received anything from anyone's hand."
12:5 Samuel said to them, "You have not found anything in my hand, as the LORD and his anointed one testify today." They said, "May he be a witness."
12:6 Samuel said to the people, "It was the LORD who established Moses and Aaron and led your fathers out of the land of Egypt.
12:7 Now you shall stand still until I speak to you before the LORD about all the righteousness that the LORD has done to you and to your fathers.
12:8 When Jacob came to Egypt, and afterwards your fathers called upon the LORD, the LORD sent Moses and Aaron to lead your fathers out of Egypt, and to make them dwell in the land.
12:9 But they forgot the LORD their God, and he delivered them into the hand of Sisera, the general of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines and the king of Moab, and these people came against them often.
12:10 Then they cried out to the LORD, saying, 'We have sinned by forsaking the LORD and serving Baal and Ashtaroth. Now deliver us from the hand of our enemies, and we will serve you.'
12:11 Then the LORD sent Jerubbaal, and Pitham, and Jephthah, and Samuel, to deliver you from the hand of your enemies around you, so that you might dwell in peace.
12:12 When you saw that Nahum, the king of the Ammonites, had come against you, you said to me, 'We will want a king to rule over us. In fact, the LORD your God is your king.
12:13 Now here is the king whom you have asked and chosen. Behold! The LORD has made a king for you.
12:14 If you fear the LORD and serve him and obey his word and do not disobey his commands, it is good for you and for the king who rules you to obey the LORD your God.
12:15 If you do not obey the LORD and disobey his commands, the hand of the LORD will strike you as it did against your fathers.
12:16 Now stand still and see that the LORD will do a great thing in your sight.
12:17 Is not this the time to cut the wheat? I will call upon the LORD, and he will thunder and send rain, so that you will know and see that you have sinned greatly before the LORD in asking for a king."
12:18 So Samuel asked the LORD, and the LORD thundered and rained on that day, and the people were very afraid of the LORD and of Samuel.
12:19 The people said to Samuel, "Pray to the LORD your God for your servants, that we may not die, for we have added sin to sin in asking for a king."
12:20 Samuel said to the people, "Do not be afraid! Though you have done this evil, do not turn away from the LORD, but serve him with all your heart.
12:21 It is useless to turn away from the LORD to obey a false god who cannot save.
12:22 For as it has pleased the LORD to choose you as his people, so he will not forsake you for his great name's sake.
12:23 As for me, I will not cease to pray for you, so as to sin against the LORD. I will show you the right way in the good way.
12:24 As long as you fear the LORD and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul, thinking how great his works are toward you.
12:25 If you still do evil, you and your king will perish together."

Expository section.
12:1, "And Samuel said to all Israel, "I have granted you what you have asked of me, and have made a king for you." (1) It shows that "Samuel" the priest, who was a demagogue under the guise of God, was unpopular. (2) It shows that the people of Israel demanded a "kingship" to replace the "papacy", and that they wanted to be free from the hegemonic rule of "Samuel", the dictator. Democracy. This means that the Jewish revolution for a social system was victorious.
9-45, "12:3 Whose ox have I taken, or whose donkey have I robbed, or whom have I bullied, or whom have I mistreated, or from whom have I taken a bribe and become blind? If so, I will repay", Q. Is this what "Samuel" said to all Israel? Answer: (1) Yes. This is a sign of a thief's weakness of heart. (2) It shows that the revolution of the Israelites for a social system had been won, and that Samuel feared that the Israelites, under the leadership of the king, would settle their old scores against him.

9-46, "12:9 But they forgot the LORD, their God, and he gave them into the hand of Sisera, the general of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines and the king of Moab, and these people used to come against them": (1) Why was the "LORD" forgotten? Why is the Lord forgotten? Does it not show that the LORD is not only devoid of virtue, but also cruel? (2) This is all demonic and evil talk from the "priests" (priests and ministers). (3) What has God to do with the fact that the nation is not strong, that the people are not motivated, and that they are bullied by foreigners? (4) The priests, who were the "united church and state" of the Jews, insulted Jehovah, who did not eat meat, with "burnt offerings", and of course they met with the wrath of Jehovah. So the Jews were "paid into the hand of Sisera, the general of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines and of the king of Moab, and these people used to come against the Jews".
12:10, "Then they cried out to the LORD, saying, "We have sinned in forsaking the LORD and in serving Baal and Ashtaroth. Now deliver us from the hand of our enemies, and we will serve you." (1) "Baal and Ashtaroth" are the two main gods symbolizing the man and the woman (the sun god and the moon god). "Ashtaroth", which has many other names, is one of the Phoenician gods of abundance and love, the sister of the god Baal and his wife, the god of the moon in contrast to the sun god of Baal, and therefore the goddess of the underworld, who uses destruction to re-establish order on earth. (2) Jehovah is the mother of the universe, and whichever god is the child of Jehovah. "Baal and Ashtaroth" are also children of Yahweh. To "serve Baal and Ashtoreth" is also to serve Yahweh, but indirectly and without sin. (3) "Then they cried out to the LORD, saying, We have sinned in forsaking the LORD, and in serving Baal and Ashtaroth", because they did not know the truth and were putting on an ugly and ignorant farce. (4) This is to promote the doctrine that there is only one true God in Judaism, and that Judaism vilifies any holiness of other denominations as "unholy", exposing the selfish and poisonous dictator.
12:11, "Then the LORD sent Jerubbaal, and Pitham, and Jephthah, and Samuel, to deliver you from the hand of your enemies on every side, so that you might dwell in peace." (1) "Jerubbaal, Pitham, Jephthah and Samuel", all of them were notorious "church and state popes", dictators who ruled the Jews under the guise of God. (2) Their demonic slavery to the Jews, which followed them, hindered their development and progress.
12:12, "When you saw that Nahum the king of the Ammonites came against you, you said to me, "We will certainly want a king to rule over us. In fact, the LORD your God is your king." (1) "Samuel" was spreading "ecstasy" in order not to give up his "papal" rule of "unity of church and state". (2) "In fact, the Lord your God is your king", and "Samuel" is the spokesman of God, therefore, "your king" is the priest "Samuel".

9-47, "12:17 I will call upon the LORD, and he will thunder and send rain, so that you may know and see that you have sinned greatly before the LORD in asking for a king", Q. Did "Samuel" say this? Why did he say, "You have sinned greatly before the LORD in asking for a king"? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Because it would appear that he had been set aside. The fact that the "priest" (priest, pastor) was spreading demonic heresies and terrorizing the people from the standpoint of maintaining his own authority shows that the "priest" was the embodiment of a selfish, narrow-minded, malevolent demon.
9-48, "12:18 And Samuel asked the LORD, and the LORD thundered and rained on that day, and the people were very afraid of the LORD and of Samuel". Answer: It was thundering and raining at that time, and the people really believed his side of the story.

9-49, "12:19 Pray to the LORD your God for your servants, lest we die, for we have added sin to sin in asking for a king". Answer: Yes.
9-50, "12:23 As for me, I will not cease to pray for you, so that I may sin against the LORD", Q. Did the people say this to "Samuel"? Pray for the people "to the point of sinning against the LORD"? Answer: (1) A lie of a liar. It was bad weather in time for the rainy season. The deceiver was very adaptable. (2) The priests "sinned against the LORD" because they were bending the law under the guise of "your prayers" and not "praying for the people" at all. (3) To have God bless people through "burnt offerings" was not "praying for them", it was making them guilty of animal cruelty. It is to make people sin and then suffer disaster.
9-51, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "12:22 For God chose Israel, and they were a special people, so he would never forsake them." (Q) Is this true? Answer: (1) A lie of a liar. (2) All beings under heaven are the same, God has never forsaken anyone, only man forsakes God. (2) God chose the Israelites, who were a special people, a special people who did not know right from wrong, who took falsehood for truth, who took the devil for God. The devil is immortal, so the "devil in the guise of God" will never forsake them.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited 1 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





