Bible Old Testament 9, 1 Samuel, True Commentary, Trial of Samuel 2-2
9-111, "O young man, whose son are you?" Q: Is this what Saul asked David? Did "Saul" not know that he was the "son of Jesse"? Answer: Yes.
9-112: "Because Saul had made a rule that he would give his daughter in marriage to David if he won, he wanted to know more about his family history. "Saul may also have been emotionally unstable so that he could not recognize David", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) "Saul" would have known his family history well enough. (2) "Saul", who had been in many battles, was emotionally stable, and the devil's "priests" (priests, priests), shut your mouth.
9-113: "And all the thousands to David, and all the thousands to me, but the throne is not given to him". Q: Is this what Saul said, "From this day on, Saul was angry with David"? Answer: Yes. Yes. (What man who is about to abdicate has such emotions towards a man who is more than he is.)
9-114: "And the next day the devil from God came down greatly on Saul, and he spoke nonsense in his house", Q: Is that so? Saul swung his spear around and said in his heart, "I will pierce David through and nail him to the wall", Q: Is that so? "David hid himself from him twice"? Answer: (1) "The devil from God fell greatly on Saul, and he spoke nonsense in his house", this was the "priest" (the devil) slandering and scandalizing the "LORD". (2) "I will pierce David through and nail him to the wall" is a wild guess by the "priests" (demons). (3) "Samuel" sent someone to tell him that the newly chosen king would be "David".
9-115, "Saul feared David, because the LORD had left himself and was with David", asking, "Did the LORD really leave Saul? The "LORD" here is not God, but "glory", ask: is that so? The Israelites spoke of the "glory of the victorious" as the incarnation of "Jehovah", which is an ignorant superstition, right? Answer: (1) "The LORD left himself and was with David" is a demonic heresy of the "priests". (2) Yes. Yes.

9-116: Saul said to David, "I will give you Mila, my eldest daughter, as your wife, if you will fight for me and for the LORD". And Saul said in his heart, "I will not do him harm with my own hands, but by the hand of the Philistines"; Q. Is that so? Answer: "Saul" wanted to test "David". This is not what "Saul" said in his heart, but what the "priest", the man who wrote the commentary, devilishly guessed.
9-117: "When the time came for Saul's daughter Milah to be given to David, Saul gave Adel the Mihorite as his wife", Q. Is this true? "The king wanted no bride price, but a hundred Philistine skins, that he might avenge himself on the king's enemies. "Saul's intention was that David should perish at the hands of the Philistines." Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Saul wanted to see what "David" could do, and he must have resented giving up the throne.
9-118: "And David and those who followed him rose and went and killed two hundred Philistines, and gave the king the full number of the skins of the sun, that he might be his son-in-law. Then Saul gave David Michal his daughter as his wife", Q. Is this so? "(Saul) then feared David all the more, and was always David's enemy", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Then "Saul" was to be constantly on his guard.
9-119: "And Saul said to Jonathan his son and to all his servants that he would kill David; but Jonathan the son of Saul loved David", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-120: "My father Saul wants to kill you, so tomorrow morning take care that you go and hide yourself in a quiet place. Then I will go out to the field where you are hiding, and I will stand beside my father and talk with him. I will see how he is, and I will tell you", Q. Is this what "Jonathan" told "David"? Answer: Yes.

9-121: "The king shall not sin against David the king's servant, for he has not sinned against you, but his works have been of great benefit to you. He tried desperately to kill the Philistines, and the LORD did great things for the salvation of all Israel. Now why did you kill David for no reason, and shed the blood of the innocent, and take your own sin? Was this a good word from "Jonathan" to his father "Saul" on behalf of "David"? Answer: Yes.
9-122: When Saul heard the words of Jonathan, he swore by the living Lord, saying, "I will not kill him". Answer: Yes.
9-123: "And the devil from the LORD came upon Saul (Saul sat in the house with a spear in his hand)", Q: Is that so? What "demon" was it? Answer: (1) "Saul" thought that the godly "David" was a threat to his throne and feared that he would kill him and take the throne, so "Saul sat in the house with a gun in his hand". This was the instinctive defence of the weak against the strong, not "the devil fell on Saul again". (2) The devil does not come from the LORD at all, because there is no devil in the LORD. The demons are self-invited, not "from the LORD". "To say that "demons come from the LORD" is the devil's way of slandering, slandering and abusing the LORD. It is the devil's way of confusing the people, slandering them and harming their lives.
9-124, "Saul tried to pierce David with his spear and nail him to the wall; but he dodged, and Saul's spear pierced into the wall. That night David fled and hid himself", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-125: And Michal, David's wife, said to him, "If you do not flee for your life this night, you will be killed on the morrow", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

9-126: "And Michal let David down through the window, and David fled and hid himself. And Michal put the idol of his house on his bed, and laid his head on a pillow made of goat's hair, and covered it with a quilt". Why did he have an "idol" in his house? Isn't an "idol" an idol? Aren't they (the priests) against idolatry? Answer: Yes, they do. You can only have an image of Yahweh, and an image of Yahweh is not an "idol". The whole of "Christianity" is a "self-deceiving" mindset, a legalistic slave who has been brainwashed by the devil to "take falsehood for truth and right for wrong".
9-127, "David fled and came to Samuel at Ramah, and told him what Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went to dwell in Najo", Q. Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-128, "Saul sent men to arrest David. And those who went saw a group of prophets who were all inspired to speak, and Samuel was standing among them, overseeing them. Those who sent them were also moved by the Spirit of God to speak". Answer: No. The "priests" (priests) were talking nonsense in order to praise "David", who was about to inherit the throne, and to belittle "Saul", who was about to abdicate.
9-129, "And some told it to Saul, and he sent men, and they were impressed and spoke. And Saul sent men a third time, and they were also impressed and spoke". Answer: No. This is the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) laughing at "Saul" who was about to abdicate.
9-130: "And he went to Najo in Ramah. And the Spirit of God moved him, and he spoke as he went, until he came to Najo at Ramah". Answer: No. This is the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) laughing at "Saul" who was about to abdicate.

9-131: "So he stripped off his clothes and spoke before Samuel, and lay naked all day and all night". There is a common saying: "Is Saul also among the prophets? Answer: No, that is not true. It was written by the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) as a means of humiliating "Saul".
9-132: "Do not worship the creature, but worship the Lord of creation". If you accept the existence of the "Creator", you do not create this "Creator", and you create this "Creator" as an "idol You make this "Creator" an "idol". The "Creator" is your "creature", and your worship of the "Creator" is "worship of the creature You are worshipping the created. You are clearly "worshipping the creature" ("the Lord of creation"), but you are shouting "Do not worship the creature", which means that you have all been brainwashed by the devil to This means that you are all slaves of the law who have been brainwashed by the devil and have "turned right into wrong and right into wrong". Answer: Yes. (1) Because "created things" are "laws of creation" that make people "turn their minds outward and lose their own nature". The "Lord of Creation" is the unborn and imperishable reality, the old home paradise of the Self, which means that one can see through the falsehoods of the world and return to paradise. (2) The "Lord of Creation" is the same as the "Buddha, the Dharma, the Tao, and the Dao", and if one clings to the "Lord of Creation If one clings to the "Lord of Creation", the "Lord of Creation" becomes an "idol" like the "created things". (3) "To worship the Lord of creation alone" means "not to take in the appearance, to be as one is; to see the Self; to do nothing, to do nothing, to taste nothing; to hear but not hear, to see but not see", that is, "to recite the Buddha of the Self "The Buddha is the Buddha of his own nature.
9-133: Jonathan allied himself with the house of David and said, "May the LORD pursue the sin of covenant-breaking through David's enemies", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-134: "Do I not know, you who are born of a stubborn and rebellious woman, that you delight in the sons of Jesse and bring shame on yourself, so that your mother is exposed to shame? If the son of Jesse had lived in the world, you and your kingdom would not have stood. Now you shall send and take him and bring him to me. He is worthy of death!" Q: Is this what "Saul" said to "Jonathan" in anger? Answer: Yes.
9-135: "Jonathan rose from his seat in anger, and did not eat on the second day of the week. He was troubled about David because he had seen his father humiliate him". Answer: Yes.

9-136: "As soon as the boy had gone, David came out from the south side of the rock, and fell on his face and worshipped three times. They kissed each other on the mouth and wept, and David wept even more". Answer: Yes.
9-137: And the priest said to David, "I have no common bread under me, but holy bread, which a young man may give only if he is not close to a woman". Answer: Yes.
9-138: And the priest said, "Here is the sword that you killed Goliath the Philistine with in the valley of Elah, wrapped in a cloth, and placed behind Ephrath; take it if you want it. There is nothing more than this." Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-139. "(David) then changed his ordinary behavior before the people, and pretended to be mad under them, and wrote on the door of the gate, and made spittle run on his beard", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-140: And Aggi said to his servants, "Look, this man is mad. Why have you brought him to me? Do I lack madness, that you should bring this man to be mad before me? Shall this man come into my house?" Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

9-141, "And all who were distressed, and those who were in debt, and those who were distressed in heart, gathered to David. And David became their leader, and about four hundred followed him." Q: Is this true? Answer: Yes. When a family has been in power for a long time, it is bound to be replaced by another rising family.
9-142: And David went from there to Mizpah in Moab, and said to the king of Moab, "Please allow my parents to come and stay with you, until I know what God will do for me". Answer: Yes. Wait for the time.
9-143: And the prophet Gad said to David, "Do not dwell in the cottage, but go to the land of Judah"; Q: Is that so? "Then the king sent and summoned Ahimelech the son of Ahithophel the priest, and all his father's house, the priests who lived in Nob. And they came to the king", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
9-144: Ahimelech answered the king, "Who among the king's servants is more faithful than David? He is the king's son-in-law and counselor, and is honoured in the king's house. Have I not asked God for him from this day? Not at all! Let not the king bring guilt on me and on all my father's house; for this is not known to any servant, great or small", Q. Is this true? Answer: Yes.
9-145: "Then Doyle the Edomite went and killed the priests, and killed on that day eighty-five men who were wearing the fine linen of Ephrath. And he killed with the sword all the men and women, the children and the milk-feeders, the oxen, the sheep and the donkeys in Nob, the priestly city". Answer: Yes.

9-146: "And in reality it was he himself who rebelled against God, not the priests", what devil said this? "The death of the priests reveals to the people the bloody truth that kings can become evil tyrants", what devil said this? Did not the priest "Samuel" earlier (15) resent that "Saul" had not killed the Philistines completely? Did not "Samuel" the priest resent that Saul and the people "had pity on Agag, and loved the good cattle, and the sheep, and the calves, and the lambs, and all the good things, and would not perish"? Why was the priest "Samuel" not a "wicked tyrant"? Answer: (1) Because the Bible was written by "priests", and the "priests" of the past and present were all on the same side, and they were all political enemies of kings. (2) Everyone was good in the beginning, and those who survived the worldly struggle were brutal.
9-147: "Ahimelech the son of Ahithophel had a son named Abiathar who fled to David". David said to Abiathar, "That day I saw Doyle the Edomite there, and I knew that he would tell Saul. It is because of me that your father's whole family has perished. You may stay with me and not be afraid, for he who seeks your life seeks mine. You will be safe with me", Q. Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
9-148, David asked the LORD, "Is it all right for me to go against those Philistines?" The LORD said to David, "It is OK for you to go and attack the Philistines and save Keilah", Q: Is that so? The LORD answered, "Get up and go down to Keilah, and I will deliver the Philistines into your hand", Q: Is that so? Answer: First go and convince another power and unite before you can go and fight against the strong.
9-149: "And Abiathar the son of Ahimelech took Ephrath in his hand when he fled to meet David at Gilgal". "Before David acted, he sought God's direction through Abiathar, the priest, who brought him Urim and Tumin, and when he heard God's direction he did it", Q: Is this so? "We should also take time to seek God's will before we act, it is better than a hasty decision", Q: This is all demonic heresy that people get caught up in, isn't it? Answer: Yes. Yes. It is demonic heresies that people become obsessed with and no longer think sensibly and soberly so that the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) can be respected and dignified by men.
9-150, (Ephod, Hebrew: אפוד, refers to the special dress worn by those who held the office of priest in Judaism. "The high priest wore an ephod of bright colours, with a breastplate set with twelve precious stones, representing the twelve tribes of the Israelites", Q. Is this true? "Urim and tumim were placed in the bag of the high priest Ephrath", Q: Is this so? "Urim means light, and Thummin means undefiled. Some think that Urim and Thummin are another name for the casting of lots", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) "The breastplate is set with twelve precious stones" means that the "high priest" is a noble demon king, a ruler of great authority. (2) Yes. (3) "Urim and Tumin" are like the heads and tails of a coin, which are used to determine the "yes or no" of a matter.

