Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 29 "Yahweh" expels "David"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were puppets for the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings also committed some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]
Original text in part.
29:1 The Philistines gathered their armies to Japheth; the Israelites encamped by the spring of Jezreel.
29:2 And each of the chiefs of the Philistines led his army, either by hundreds or by thousands, and advanced one by one. David and those who followed him followed along with Aggi.
29:3 The Philistine leaders said, "What are these Hebrews doing here?" Aggie said to them, "Is this not David, the vassal of Saul king of Israel? He has been with me for some years. Since he surrendered to me, until this day, I have not seen him do any wrong."
29:4 The chief of the Philistines was angry with Aggi, and said to him, "Tell this man to return to the place where you have placed him, and do not send him out to war with us, lest he become our enemy in battle. What will he use to make peace with his master? Is it not with the heads of our men?
29:5 Is this not the David of whom the women of Israel used to dance and sing, 'Saul has killed a thousand, and David has killed ten thousand'?"
29:6 Aggie called David and said to him, "I swear by the living LORD that you are a righteous man. You have come and gone with me in the army, and I have seen good in you. I have not seen any fault in you since you came to me, but the chiefs have not been pleased with you.
29:7 Now you may return in peace, lest the chiefs of the Philistines should not be pleased with you."
29:8 David said to Aggie, "What have I done? What fault have you found out about me since my servant came to you until this day, that I should not go against the enemies of the Lord, my king?"
29:9 Aggie said, "I know that you are good in my sight, as a messenger of God. Only the chief of the Philistines said, 'This man shall not go out to war with us.'
29:10 Therefore you and those who follow you, who are servants of your present Lord, get up tomorrow morning and wait until morning and go back!"
29:11 So David and those who followed him got up in the morning and went back to the land of Philistia. The Philistines also went up to Jezreel.
Expository section.
9-175, (1) "29:2 Each of the leaders of the Philistines led an army, a hundred or a thousand, and advanced one by one. David and those who followed him followed with Aggi", Q. Is this right? (2) 29:4 And the chiefs of the Philistines were angry with Aggi, and said to him, "Tell this man to return to the place where you have placed him, and do not send him out to war with us, lest he should become our enemy in battle. What will he use to make peace with his master? Q: Did the chief of the Philistines say this to "Aggi" in anger? Answer: Yes. Yes.
9-176, 29:6 Aggie called David and said to him, "I swear by the living LORD that you are a righteous man. You have been with me in the army, and I have seen good in you. I have not seen any fault in you since you came to me, but the chiefs have not been pleased with you. Now you can go back in peace, lest the chiefs of the Philistines should not be pleased with you", and asked, "Is that so? David said to Aggie, "What have I done? What fault have you found out about me since my servant came to you until this day, that I should not go against the enemies of the Lord, my king?" , Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes. "I swear by the living LORD", it is all the devil blaspheming the majesty of the LORD. No "upright man, no righteous man" will "I swear by the living LORD".
9-177, "29:11 So David and his followers got up in the morning and went back to the land of Philistia. The Philistines also went up to Jezreel", Q. Is that right? Yea.
Posted by Li Huaiju on 20 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
,   



