Bible Old Testament, 10th Psalm, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Judgement of the slanderers against the "Davidic" missionaries 3-2
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
10-154, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "(1) Why did Saul's sin affect his family? How serious a sin was it? (2) Although the Bible does not record Saul's actions in retaliation against the Gibeonites, it is clear that he had committed a serious sin that caused the Gibeonites to pursue him for the crime of shedding blood. The Bible does not explain why Saul sinned but killed his children. Many customs in the Near East (including Israel's) regard the sin of the father as the sin of the whole family, because the family is an indivisible whole. Saul broke the oath that the Israelites had sworn to the Gibeonites (cf. Ep 9:16-20). Breaking an oath is a serious violation of God's law (cf. Num. 30:1-2). David may have acted according to custom, seeing the family as one, or else Saul's descendants had assisted Saul and had a share in the sin of killing the Gibeonites", Q: Is this true? Answer: There was bloodshed in defiance of the regime's oppression of their tribe. In ancient times, when power was contested, victory or defeat would spill over or seal the nine tribes.

10-155: "And the Philistines fought against Israel, and David led his servants down and engaged the Philistines in battle, and David became weary, and Ishbino, one of the sons of the great man, wanted to kill David. And his bronze spear weighed three hundred shekels, and he wore a new sword." Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"But Abishai the son of Zeruiah helped David and attacked the Philistines and killed him. And those who followed David in those days swore to David, saying, Thou shalt not go forth with us again to war, lest thou put out the lamp of Israel. Then the Israelites fought against the Philistines at Geber, and Cecil the Tosharite killed one of the sons of the great man, Saph". Answer: Yes.
"And it came to pass at Gobber, when they fought against the Philistines, that Ilehanan the son of Jareoel-kin the Bethlehemite slew Goliath the Gathite. The shaft of this man's spear was as thick as the shaft of a loom", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"And there fought in Gath, and there was there a man of great stature, whose hands and feet were six-fingered, and he had twenty-four fingers in all; and he was the son of a great man. And this man cursed the battle against Israel, and Jonathan the son of Shemya, the brother of David, slew him", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

10-156, "In the day when the LORD delivered David from all his enemies and from the hand of Saul, he recited this psalm to the LORD", Q: Is that so? Answer: David did not write it, it was imposed on him by the "priests" (missionaries). David knew that his own decision-making decisions were deciding his fate.
"(1) The LORD is my rock, my fortress, my saviour, (2) my God, my rock, in whom I have turned. He is my shield, the horn of my salvation, my high place, my refuge. O my Saviour, you are the one who saves me from rape. (3) I call upon the LORD, who is to be praised, so that I may be delivered from the hand of my enemies. (4) The waves of death have surrounded me, and the rapids of bandits have terrified me. (5) The cords of Sheol have entangled me, and the snares of death have come upon me. (6) In my distress I called upon the LORD, and cried out to my God. He heard my voice from the temple, and my cry came into his ears. (7) Then the earth shook and trembled because of his anger, and the foundations of the heavens were shaken and shaken. "[The Lord was angry because the demonic "priests" were doing wrong and killing people in his name].
(8) And smoke came up from his nostrils, and fire from his mouth, and it burned even the coals. (9) And he made the whole world to hang down, and came in person, and a black cloud was under his feet. (10) He flew on the cherubim, and appeared on the wings of the wind. (11) And he made the darkness and the gathering of the waters, and the thick clouds of the sky his palace round about. [Doesn't this portray the "LORD" as a demon? What kind of demon is this psalm written by? Answer: (1) It is a psalm written by a 20,000 year old black dragon who asked the "priests" (missionaries) to write it. (2) Westerners only know about "relativity", but do not know that "relativity" is actually the Chinese "theory of yin and yang". Westerners do not know that the "black clouds, darkness and gathering water, and thick clouds in the sky" of the feminine nature are all images of "Satanic demons" which are the opposite of "Gods and Buddhas", so they do not have No one in the West without a "discerning eye" would have thought that this was the devil "painting" himself. "Satan" is a technique that abounds in "Lamaism", which depicts animals as demons after they have become spirit.

(12) For all the coals of glory before him were covered. (13) And the Lord thundered from heaven, and the voice of the Most High was heard. (14) He shoots out arrows, and scatters his enemies; he sends out lightning, and disturbs them. (15) When the rebuke of the LORD is sent, and the breath of his nostrils goes out, the bottom of the sea appears, and the foundations of the earth are revealed. (16) He stretched out his hand from the high heavens and took hold of me, and pulled me up out of the great waters. This is the protector of the Lord, punishing the demons of Satan, who are killing lives.
(17) He delivered me from my enemies and from those who hated me, for they were stronger than I. (18) In the day of my trouble they came against me, but the LORD was my trust. (19) And he led me to a broad place; he delivered me, because he was pleased with me. (20) The LORD has rewarded me according to my righteousness, and has rewarded me according to the cleanness of my hands. (21) For I have kept the word of the LORD, and have not done evil to depart from my God. (22) All his statutes are always before me; and his statutes I have not departed from. (23) I have become perfect before him; and I have kept myself from my sins. (24) Therefore the LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness, according to my cleanness in his sight. (25) The loving man, you treat with lovingkindness; the perfect man, you treat with perfection; (26) the clean man, you treat with cleanliness; the perverse man, you treat with crookedness. (27) A troubled people thou shalt save. But thine eyes look upon the proud, and humble him.
(28) You are my lamp, O LORD, and the LORD will light my darkness. The Jewish "priests" were all "Satanic demons" who kidnapped "Jehovah" and created sins through God. The lamp of the Lord is shining", shining through the darkness and foolishness of the Western world.
(29) Through you I have rushed into the enemy's army, and through my God I have leapt over the walls. "The LORD does not eat meat, does not want animal life or corpses as "sacrifices", and will not let anyone kill anyone. It is all kinds of "satanic demons" who eat meat and kill people.
(30) As for God, his word is perfect; the word of the Lord is pure. He is a shield to all who put their trust in him. (31) Who is God but the LORD? Who is the rock but our God? The words of Jesus, who was put to death by the Jewish church, are the refining one. Not one word of Jehovah, not one word of the "priests and preachers" of Judaism, is pure, but the words of "Satan and the devil", words that reduce people to "wretched sinners". They are all "Satanic and demonic" words, words that reduce people to "wretched sinners". Jesus is God apart from Jehovah. Jesus is the rock, except our God.
(32) God is my surety, who guides all men in his way. (33) He makes my feet quick as the hoof of a doe, and keeps me safe on high. (34) He has taught my hands to be able to fight, even my arm to open a bow of brass. (34) You have given me your salvation as a shield, and your gentleness has made me great. (35) You have made the ground broad under my feet; my feet have not slipped and fallen.
(36) I pursued my enemies and exterminated them, and I did not return before they were destroyed. (37) I have exterminated them and bruised them, so that they cannot rise; they have all fallen at my feet. (38) For thou hast girded my loins with strength, that I might fight; and thou hast made all that rise up against me to fall under me. (39) And thou hast caused my enemies to turn their backs and flee before me, that I might cut off those who hate me. (40) They look up, but no one saves them; they call on the LORD, and he does not answer. (41) I have crushed them like the dust of the earth; I have trampled them down and scattered them like the dirt of the streets. The LORD does not want to see this. The LORD does not want to destroy any life, and all the creatures of heaven and earth are his children. This is the Satanic demon portraying the fire between demons.
(42) Deliver me from the strife of my people, and protect me as head of the nations. A people I do not know will serve me. (43) The Gentiles will surrender to me, and as soon as they hear my name, they will obey me. (44) The Gentiles will be broken down and come out of their strongholds with fear and trembling. (45) The LORD is the living God. May my rock be praised; may the rock of God who saves me be exalted. (46) This God is the one who has done me injustice, who has brought the people under me. (47) You have delivered me from my enemies, and lifted me up above those who rise up against me; you have delivered me from the violent ones. (48) Therefore I will give thanks to you, O LORD, and sing praises to your name among the Gentiles. (49) The LORD gives great salvation to the king he has made, and shows mercy to his anointed, to David and to his descendants for ever. [Look at these words, there is not a single word of mercy to help people to return to heaven, they are all life-threatening intimidation, so this is the "Satanic demon" compelling people under the guise of "David and the LORD"].
Q: Did David write this? How old was the author at the time? A: (1) It was not written by David. (2) It was written by a modern "priest" (missionary) of about 40 years of age, who was inspired by a 20,000-year-old black dragon.

10-157, "(1) The Spirit of the LORD has spoken through me, and his word is in my mouth. (2) The God of Israel, the Rock of Israel, has spoken to me, saying, He who rules the people in righteousness, who fears God and reigns in power, (3) He will be like the morning light of the sunrise, like a cloudless morning, the clear light after the rain, making the earth grow tender. (4) My house is not like this before God, but God has made an everlasting covenant with me. And will he not fulfill it for me, for all my salvation and all my desires? (5) But all the bandits shall be cast away like thorns; men shall not dare to take it with their hands; (6) those who take it shall bring iron and the shaft of a spear, and it shall be burned with fire in the end", Q. Who is this "Beautiful Singer of Israel"? Did the Spirit of the Lord speak through him? Answer: It was written by the "priests" of the late Davidic period and has nothing to do with "Jehovah". He was inspired by a white dragon of 30,000 years.

10-158, "The names of David's warriors are written below. He was the commander of the army, and he struck down eight hundred men at once". Answer: Yes.
"And next was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahazite. Once upon a time when the Philistines were assembled for war, and the Israelites met them, three warriors who were following David cursed the Philistines, and among them was Eleazar. He rose up and smote the Philistines until his arm was weary and his hand stuck to the handle of his sword. On that day the Lord gave the Israelites a great victory, and the people took possessions after Eleazar". Answer: Yes.
"Next was Shammah the son of Achish the Haraite. One day the Philistines gathered in a crowd in a field full of red beans, and the people fled before the Philistines. But Shammah stood in the middle of the field and killed the Philistines and saved the field. The LORD gave the Israelites a great victory", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

10-159, "At the time of the harvest, three of the thirty warriors went down to the cave of Adullam to meet David. The Philistine army was encamped in the valley of Leviathan. At that time David was in the mountain fortress, and the Philistines' fortified camp was in Bethlehem", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
David was thirsty and said, "I would that someone would bring me water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem to drink". Answer: Yes.
"So the three warriors broke through the camp of the Philistines, drew water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem, and brought it to David. But he refused to drink, and laid the water before the LORD, saying, "O LORD, these three men risked death to draw water, and the water is like their blood; I dare not drink it". Answer: (1) This was the "priests" calling David crazy. (2) "David", if you are afraid to drink, why did you ask these three men to go there to draw water from the well? Aren't you being "hypocritical"? (3) "David and Jehovah" are both tools used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) to promote their "divine powers and access to God". The "kings of the ages and Jehovah" were used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) as a tool to promote their "divine power and access to God". Without these two "tools", the "priests" (Jewish preachers) were worthless rogues, reviled by everyone, and no one would fear them at all.

10-160, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "(1) Life belongs to God, is my life also poured out before God? (2) David poured out the water which the warriors had drawn from the well by the gate of Bethlehem before the Lord; he refused to drink the water because he was deeply moved by the spirit of sacrifice of the warriors. When the Israelites offered sacrifices, they never burned the blood with the sacrifice, but poured it out before God, for the blood represented life. (3) David did not want to drink the water because it represented the life of the warrior, so he poured it out before God", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) "Satan" is an "evil god". This means that your heart is evil and your life belongs to the "evil gods", and your life is poured out before them. "The Lord has the power to subdue demons, but you do not have the wisdom to reveal that the priests are demons, which means that your life does not belong to the Lord, and your life is not poured out in the presence of the Lord. "Your life is not poured out in the presence of the Lord God. (2) "David poured out the water that the warriors drew from the well by the gate of Bethlehem before the LORD", this is "Satan" abusing "the LORD and David". (3) "Poured out the blood before God, for the blood represents life", this is "Satan" insulting "Jehovah" who is merciful and does not kill, who gives birth to all things and does not ask for them, by killing and eating meat. This is "Satan's" way of insulting "Yahweh", who is merciful, who does not kill, who gives birth to all things and who does not take. All the killing of life is punishable by karma. The Israelites who killed and ate meat to "sacrifice to Yahweh" paid a heavy price for their ignorance and were slaughtered countless times; this is why Israel today is a "small nation and a small people". (4) "David would not drink this water because it represented the life of a warrior". "If you believe it, you are a bastard who is worse than a beast.

10-161: "Abishai, the brother of Joab son of Zeruiah, was the leader of these three warriors. When he raised his spear and killed three hundred men, he was named among the three warriors. He was the most honourable of the three, so he was their leader; but he was not as honourable as the first three". Answer: Yes.
"And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a warrior of Kadesh, did mighty works: he slew the two sons of Ariel the Moabite; and he went down into the pit in the snow, and slew a lion; and he slew a strong Egyptian. And the Egyptian had a spear in his hand; and Benaiah went down with a rod only, and took the spear out of the hand of the Egyptian, and slew him with it. This is what Benaiah the son of Jehoiada did, and he was named among the three warriors. He was more honourable than all the thirty warriors, but not as honourable as the first three. David made him chief of the guard", and asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

10-162: "And the LORD was angry with Israel, and he agitated David, so that he commanded the men to count the Israelites and the men of Judah". Answer: This is a demonic and evil saying of the "priests", which is not true at all. It was David's own idea to count the nation, as every king had done, and every family had done.
"Then David commanded Joab, the marshal, who followed him, saying, "Go through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, and count the people, that I may know their number. And Joab said to the king, "However many the people are, may the LORD your God multiply them a hundredfold, that my lord and my king may see them with his own eyes. Why should it please my lord and my king to do this?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: Made up, nonsense. What kind of "marshal" are you if you don't know how many soldiers you have? Are you a "priest" if you don't understand such a thing? Only a "priest" would have the brains of a pig who is worse than a beast.

10-163, [Explanation from the "Spiritual Version":] "We often ask: Did God cause David to sin? God certainly does not cause people to sin, but he allows sinners to reveal their inner sinfulness by their actions. On the other hand, David's sin was also God's judgment on Israel. 1 Chronicles 21:1 says that it was Satan who provoked David to do so. The Israelites believed that God was the ruler of everything and that Satan's actions were ultimately accountable to God. It could be said that Satan was the direct agent of David's sin, but God allowed Satan to do it, and God was the one ultimately responsible for it as far as Israel was concerned", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) "Causing David to sin" is a slander by the "priest" demon out of jealousy. The "God" who "caused David to sin and permitted the sinner to reveal the sinfulness of his heart by his own actions" is not the "righteous God Jehovah", but the "evil God Satan". Satan, the evil god". (2) The false accusation of "David's sin" was not a judgment on Israel by the "righteous God, Jehovah", but by the "evil God, Satan". The "evil god Satan" did not provoke David to do so, but the "priests" wanted David to do so. (3) The "evil god Satan" was not the direct agent of David's sin, but the "priests" who were jealous of David were the direct agents in slandering "David's sin". (2) The "righteous god Jehovah" did not allow the "evil god Satan" to do so, but it was the "priests" who said so under the guise of the "righteous god Jehovah". "The "priests" (preachers) deceived Israel, and Israel believed without wisdom, which was the sorrow of Israel. (4) Man's thoughts and deeds are not subject to any restriction in the world, either good or bad as he pleases. God Himself is good and does everything to persuade people to do good, while attacking evil with good. It is all man's business, so why should God be responsible for it.

10-164, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "What is wrong with counting the people? In the book of Numbers it is recorded that God commanded Moses to count the people of Israel in preparation for the conquest of the land of Canaan (Num. 1:2; 26:2). The counting of the people was generally seen as a prelude to conscription for battle, but now that the whole land was at peace, there was no longer any need for conscription. The boundaries of Israel had been extended and they were the strongest nation of their time; David's sin was to take credit for himself and to count the people so that he might boast of the strength of his vast country. In doing so, he put his faith in the multitude of his soldiers. Even Joab saw that it was wrong to count the people, but David did not listen to his advice. If we rely on money, or property, or military strength, we will commit the same sin", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) "Counting the people" is a small thing that every normal king should do. (2) The "evil god Satan" commanded Moses to count the people of Israel so that he could prepare for the conquest of the land of Canaan, indicating that "Moses the priest" was a warrior and a demon who killed lives. Moses the priest was the "pope" before the emergence of kings, and Israel was a "secular" political system. (3) The "Pope" could count the people of Israel at the behest of the "evil god Satan", but the "King David" could not count the people of Israel, for this was beyond his authority. "It is not acceptable to the "Pope" because it exceeds his authority. Therefore, in the eyes of the "pope" (the priests), "David's sin was to be proud of himself and to count the people, so that he might boast of the greatness of his country and the strength of his army". Did you see that? The "pope" (priests) were a group of people who "allowed the state to set fire to the people, but not the people to light a lamp". Therefore, the "popes" (priests) who came before and after them held a grudge against the king and slandered him. (4) When "King David" counted the people of Israel, he put his faith in the multitude of his soldiers, so that the king would not come to the "priests" to "ask God to bless them". The "pope" (priests) would be lonely and without majesty. (5) The ability of the "evil god Satan" to protect does not depend on the number of soldiers, but on the degree of reverence and respect for the "evil god Satan", which every wise king would not believe. (6) "Joab" did not see that the people were wrong in the counting of the points, but that they were scandalised by the "priestly" text. (7) "If we rely on money, or property, or military power, we will commit the same sins" is the "ecstasy" that "Satan" gave to Pharaoh. This is the "enchantment" given by Satan to the Pharaohs, and this is the helpless rant of the "Pope" (priests) against the disregard of the people for their "hypocritical deceivers". (8) If "we would commit the same sin if we relied on money, or property, or military power", then the "popes" (priests) would commit the same sin if they relied on God and threatened to intimidate us under the guise of God.

10-165, "But the king's command prevailed over Joab and the captains of the army. So Joab and the captains of the army went out from the king's presence and counted the people of Israel. They crossed the Jordan and encamped on the right hand of Aroer, on the right hand of the middle city of the valley of Gad, opposite Jasher. And they came to Gilead and to the land of Hesh. And they came to Dan-jahan, and went round to Sidon, and came to the security of Tyre, and to the cities of the Hivites and Canaanites. And they came to Beersheba, which is south of Judah. And they went through all the land, and after nine months and twenty days they returned to Jerusalem". Answer: No. "It took Joab two months to complete the "census".
"Joab told the king the total number of the people: 800,000 warriors with swords in Israel; 500,000 in Judah. When David had counted the people, he blamed himself and prayed to the LORD, saying, "I have sinned greatly in doing this. O LORD, take away the iniquity of your servant, for I have done very foolishly". Answer: There is no such thing. This is all a scandalous and insulting reference to the wise and mighty David by the "priests" (Jewish preachers). Only by making the king, who had all the power of the "party, government and army", fall at the feet of the "priests" and become a slave who prayed, "Take away the sins of my servant, for I have done foolishly. Only then did the "priest" have the majesty of a "pope" over the king.

10-166: "And the word of the LORD came to Gad the prophet, the foresight of David, saying, "Go and tell David, 'Thus says the LORD: I have three plagues; choose one of them, and I will send it to you. So Gad came to David and said to him, "Would you like to have seven years of famine in your country? Shall you flee before your enemies and be chased for three months? Or three days of pestilence in your kingdom? Now think about it, so that I may answer him who sent me", and ask, "Is that so? Did the LORD tell Gad to say this? Answer: Not at all. There is no such thing. This is a trick that every "priest" plays to blackmail the king.

10-167, [Explanation in the "Spiritual Version":] "David and the people of Israel had sinned (24:1), and David was proud, but the Bible does not say why God was angry with the Israelites. Perhaps it was because they supported Absalom (15-18) and the revolt of Sheba (20), or perhaps they were like David, who placed the security of the nation on military power and economic prosperity rather than on God. He punished them all through David, who was the representative of the whole tribe for their sin of pride". Answer: (1) "David sinned with the people of Israel" because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king over Israel without the approval of the "priests") and let the "kingship "(The elders of Israel anointed David to be king over Israel without the approval of the "priests"), so that "David and the people of Israel sinned" in the eyes of the "priests and Satan". (2) The "priests" would not tolerate the fact that "every king" would place the security of his nation on military power and economic prosperity rather than on God. (3) The "priests and Satan" punished their whole nation through David because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king of Israel without the approval of the "priests") and let the "kingship The "kingly system" replaced the "unity of church and state" of the priests. (4) David "became" a representative of the pride of the whole nation because David replaced the "priests" with his own personality as the leader of Israel.
"The three choices God gave David were all punishments. He had already told the people of Israel that if they did not keep his law, punishment would come - disease (Deut 28:20-22), famine (Deut 28:23-24), and war (Deut 28:25-26). David wisely chose the punishment that came directly from God. He knew that in the midst of war, the enemy was fierce and cruel, but God was merciful. It is far better for you to turn to God and receive his punishment when you have committed a great sin than to fall into the hands of men". Answer: (1) The punishment given to David for these three choices is something that every king has to face and is not at all given by any random god. (2) The "righteous God Jehovah" did not have "great mercy" as the priests wrote, not even a little "mercy", because the "righteous God Jehovah "will not save his Christ Jesus, nor will he have "mercy" on anyone (of the Christian faithful). Therefore, all those who long for the "righteous God, Jehovah" to have "mercy" are irredeemably insane. (3) When you commit a great sin, turn to the "evil god Satan" and be punished by him, you will be worse off than dead, because the "evil god Satan" will torment your family for generations. It would be better to "fall into the hands of men".

10-168: "David said to Gad, "I am in great distress. I will fall into the hand of the LORD, for he is rich in mercy, but I will not fall into the hand of man. So the LORD sent a plague on the Israelites, and from the morning until the appointed time, from Dan to Beersheba, seventy thousand people died among the people". Why did David sin and "the LORD sent a plague on the Israelites"? Why did David alone get sick? Why did such a "Jehovah" do this to the innocent in such an unreasonable manner? Is this "Jehovah"? Answer: (1) This is to blame him for the plague of the unpredictable and to talk nonsense. There is no such thing. It is the "evil god Satan" who is "killing and silencing". (2) This is not the "righteous God, Jehovah", but the "evil God, Satan".
When the angel stretched out his hand against Jerusalem to destroy the city, the LORD regretted it, and did not send the plague, but commanded the angel who destroyed the people, saying, "Enough, stop! At that time the angel of the LORD was in the harvest field of Araunah the Jebusite", asking: "Why did the LORD "regret"? Was he not able to control the fire in his work? Does this not mean that he is not an all-powerful God? Answer: This is a farce made up by the "evil god Satan" to confuse people.

10-169: "When David saw the angel of destruction, he prayed to the LORD, saying, "I have sinned and done evil; but what have these sheep done? May your hand strike me and my father's house", Q. Is this so? "And Gad came to David on that day, and said to him, Go up, and build an altar to the LORD in the sheaf of Araunah the Jebusite (note: "Araunah" in 1 Chronicles 21:20 as "Al-nam", passim). And David went up, as Gad had said in the name of the LORD". Answer: (1) David did not see the angel who destroyed the people, nor did he pray to the LORD, which was a lie made up by the "priests". (2) The wise and powerful David hated "Gad" and all the "priests" (Jewish preachers), which is why the "priests" abused David with their words.

10-170, "When Araunah looked, and saw the king and his servants coming, he greeted them and went out, and fell on his face to the ground, and bowed down to the king, saying, "Why has my lord and my king come to my servant?" David said, "I will buy you this sheaf, and build an altar to the Lord, that the pestilence of the people may be stopped"; Q. Is this so? Answer: there is no such thing.
"And Araunah said to David, "My lord and my king, take whatever it pleases you to use, and offer it for sacrifice. Behold! Here are oxen for burnt offerings, and instruments for beating grain and yokes for bullocks, to be burned for firewood. All these things I, Araunah, offer to you, O king. And he said to the king, "May the LORD your God be pleased with you", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: No, it is not so.

10-171: "And the king said to Araunah, "Otherwise, I will buy it from you according to its value, and I will not make a burnt offering to the LORD my God of what I have received for nothing. So David bought the sheaf and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver. There David built an altar for the LORD and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD listened to what the people asked, and the plague stopped among the Israelites". Answer: There was no such thing.

10-172, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "He governed on the principle of the will of God and the welfare of the people, but he also sinned. In spite of his sins, the Bible calls him a man after God's own heart (1 Sam. 13:14; Acts 13:22), because after he had sinned he both confessed his sins and asked God for forgiveness. He entrusted his life to God and remained faithful and committed to him all his life. In the Psalms we get a deeper appreciation of David's situation and how much he loved God", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) David's principle of governance was the well-being of the people, not the "will of God" according to the priests, and so the "priestly" texts say of David that "he also sinned; though he (2) "After he sinned, he sinned. (2) "After sinning, he confessed his sin and asked God for forgiveness. He entrusted his life to God and remained faithful to him all his life." Such a servant is a "worthy king" in the eyes of the "evil god Satan and the priests. (3) The real David was not "so much in love with God" that he was cursed by this article. The wise and powerful David despised in his heart the "priests" (missionaries) who sinned through God, and had the idea of killing the "priests", but was dissuaded from doing so by "the Lord" because it was the The "LORD" discouraged him from killing the "priests" because it was the "last days" and he could not do without them.