Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 6 Continuing the Disinformation
(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

The following are all lies of the "Jewish priests"
6:1 The ark of the covenant of the LORD was in the land of the Philistines for seven months.
6:2 The Philistines gathered the priests and diviners together and asked them, "What shall we do to the ark of the covenant of the LORD? Show us by what means we should return the ark of the covenant to its place."
6:3 They said, "If you want to send back the ark of the covenant of the God of Israel, you must not send it empty, but you must offer him a gift of reparation, and then you will be healed and will know why his hand has not left you."
6:4 The Philistines said, "What should be offered as a gift of reparation?" They answered, "Let it be five golden hemorrhoids and five golden mice, according to the number of the Philistine chiefs, for the same plague is upon all of you and upon your chiefs.
6:5 Therefore make images of your hemorrhoids and images of the mice that destroyed your fields, and give glory to the God of Israel. or he may lighten his hand toward you and your God and your fields.
6:6 Why have you hardened your hearts like the Egyptians and Pharaoh? When God did wonders among the Egyptians, did the Egyptians not release the Israelites, and they went away?
6:7 Now you should make a new cart, and put two unyoked, suckling cows on it, so that the calves may go home and leave the cows.
6:8 Put the ark of the covenant of the LORD on the cart, and put the gold offering for sin in a box beside the ark, and send the ark away.
6:9 And see: if the chariot goes straight through the realm of Israel to Bethshemesh, this great plague has come upon us from the LORD; if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand that strikes us, but that we have met it by chance."
6:10 So the Philistines did, and put the two lactating cows on the cart, and shut up the calves in the house
6:11 and put the ark of the covenant of the LORD on the cart, together with the box containing the golden mouse and the golden hemorrhoid image.
6:12 And the ox went straight down the highway to Bethshemesh, barking as it went, without turning aside. The Philistine chiefs followed after them until they reached the realm of Bethshemesh.
6:13 The men of Bethshemesh were reaping the wheat in the plain, and when they lifted up their eyes and saw the ark of the covenant, they rejoiced.
6:14 When the chariot came to the field of Joshua the Bethshemeshite, it stood still. There was a great rock there, and they split the cart and offered the two heifers to the LORD as a burnt offering.
6:15 The Levites brought down the ark of the covenant of the LORD and the box containing the golden things, and put them on the great rock. On that day the Bethshemeshites offered burnt offerings and peace offerings to the LORD.
6:16 When the five chief men of the Philistines saw it, they went back to Eglon that day.
6:17 These were the golden hemorrhoid images that the Philistines offered to the LORD as an atonement: one for Ashdod, one for Gaza, one for Ashkelon, one for Gath, and one for Eglon.
6:18 And the number of the golden mice was according to the cities of the five chiefs of Philistia, the fortified cities and the villages, and the great rock. This rock was the place where the ark of the covenant of the LORD was placed, and it is still in the field of Joshua the Bethshemeshite to this day.
6:19 And the LORD smote seventy of the men of Bethshemesh because they were trespassing on the ark of his covenant, and there were fifty thousand of them there (note: "seventy plus fifty thousand"). And the people wept because the LORD had struck them down greatly.
6:20 The Bethshemeshites said, "Who can serve before the LORD, the holy God? To whom can this ark of the covenant be delivered from us?"
6:21 So they sent to the inhabitants of Kirjath-jearim, saying, "The Philistines have sent back the ark of the covenant of the LORD; come down and receive it to you!"

Explanatory part: Finding this to be a lie becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire"
Explanation: (1) If we do not go to the back, we will believe the lie here. When we go to the back, we will see that it is all "lies of the Jewish priests". Let me go to the back and look at chapter 13 and quote, "13:19 At that time there was not a blacksmith in all the land of Israel, for the Philistines said, "Lest the Hebrews make swords and spears." 13:20 When the Israelites wanted to sharpen hoes, plowshares, axes, and spades, they went down to the Philistines to sharpen them.13:21 But there were files to file spades, plowshares, three-tined forks, axes, and cattle-driving cones.13:22 So in the day of battle, no one who followed Saul and Jonathan had a sword or a spear in his hand, but Saul and his son Jonathan did."
(2) Do you see? If the "ark of the covenant of the LORD" had been so miraculous, there would not have been "13:19 At that time there was not a blacksmith in all Israel, for the Philistines said, "Lest the Hebrews should make swords and spears." 13:20 When the Israelites wanted to sharpen hoes, plows, axes, and shovels, they went down to the Philistines to sharpen them." (3) These facts show that Israel was defeated by the "Philistines" and defeated badly, that Israel was a colony and vassal state of the "Philistines", that the "ark of the covenant of the Lord The ark of the covenant of the Lord" was the culprit for the attack on Israel.

6:5, "Therefore make an image of your hemorrhoids and destroy the image of the mice in your fields, and give glory to the God of Israel." (1) The "hemorrhoid" is inside the anus where the bowels are excreted, the most degrading and vile part of man. To make an "image of hemorrhoids" in front of the "ark of the covenant of the LORD" is a vile and shameless attempt by the devil to slander and insult the holy LORD. Only a beast or a devil would think that this was "taking glory to the God of Israel". (2) The "mice that spoil your fields" are cunning beasts who are despicable, despicable, hated and beaten by everyone, but who get away with it. To make an image of "the mice that destroy your fields" and place it in front of "the ark of the covenant of the LORD" is a despicable and shameless way for the devil to slander and insult the righteous and holy LORD. Only a beast or a devil would think that this is "taking glory to the God of Israel". (3) You do not have the same insight as I do because you do not think as deeply as I do, because you do not study in the same way as I do with my website; you just look at it a few times with your eyes and pass on. You have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", but you are "muddle-headed, half-understanders".
6:6, "Why do you harden your hearts like the Egyptians and Pharaoh? God did wonders among the Egyptians, and did the Egyptians not release the Israelites, and they went away?" (1) The same "reverse thinking" approach is found in Exodus, all words and deeds that show the true face of the devil in the guise of Yahweh, all lies of the devil, and if you believe them, you become a slave of the devil; if you see the true face of the devil in showing the priests, you become "Christ whose eyes are as a flame of fire". (2) If you know that "the wonders that God did among the Egyptians" are lies of the devil, you become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". If you believe the truth, you are a slave of the devil.

6:7, "Now you shall make a new cart, and put the two unyoked, suckling cows on it, so that the calves may go home and leave their mothers. 6:14 There is a great rock there, and they cleave the cart, and offer the two cows to the LORD as a burnt offering." (1) To go and make reparation to the LORD and to cause the human tragedy of the separation of the "suckling cow and the calf" is the devil's way of slandering and insulting the merciful LORD. (2) "He split the new chariot and offered the two heifers as a burnt offering to the LORD", the two calves must not have survived and died, but because they went to make amends to the LORD, they destroyed "a new chariot and four cows". "This is not making amends to the LORD, this is the devil insulting the merciful LORD. (3) Why don't you have the same insight as I do? Because the Bible is so thick that not only do you not have time to think, but the "pastors and preachers" of the church group will not let you think for yourself.

9-20, "6:11 Put the ark of the covenant of the Lord and the box containing the golden mouse and the golden hemorrhoid statue in the chariot", Q. Is this true? Why did the writer write this? Who gave him the inspiration? Answer: (1) It is not so. It is a version adapted from historical records of events. The author had the purpose of unifying the country, and in order to cover up the ugly history, he added his own god, "Jehovah", so that the future unification of the country would be in the hands of a single person, with a talent to perform, and with the inspiration of the gods to show. (2) Do you see what I mean? Here a lie is deliberately concocted, and later evidence is used to prove that what is here before is a lie, in order to see which of us is careful enough to see the flaw. Whoever can expose the lie in the back with the evidence in the front is the "Christ with eyes like a flame". Such a way of thinking is called "backwards thinking". Do you understand? Read the Bible!
9-21, "6:17 These were the golden hemorrhoids that the Philistines offered to the Lord as an atonement: one for Ashdod, one for Gaza, one for Ashkelon, one for Gath, and one for Eglon": (1) made-up nonsense. (2) The "falsehoods" that test your wisdom.
9-22, "6:19 The LORD struck down seventy of the men of Bethshemesh because they were trespassing on the ark of the covenant": Q: Is this true? Answer: No. It was their internal strife.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited 2 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





