Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 27 "David" goes to "Aggie"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were puppets for the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings also committed some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
27:1 And David said in his heart, "There will come a day when I will die by the hand of Saul, and it will be better for me to flee to the land of Philistia. When Saul sees that I am not in the land of Israel, he will despair and will no longer seek me, so that I may be free from his hand."
27:2 So David got up and went with the six hundred men who were following him to Agag, the son of Ma'or, king of Gath.
27:3 And David and his two wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelite and Abigail the Carmelite, who had been Nabal's wife, and those who followed him, with their respective families, dwelt at Gath Agag.
27:4 And it was told Saul, "David has fled to Gath." And Saul sought him no more.
27:5 David said to Aggie, "If I have found favour in your sight, give me a place to dwell in the cities and towns outside the capital. Why should a servant dwell in Kyoto with the king?"
27:6 On that day Aggi gave him Zechariah, so that Zechariah belongs to the king of Judah to this day.
27:7 David dwelt in the land of Philistia for a year and four months.
27:8 David and those who followed him went up and invaded the land of the Kishites, the Kishites, and the Amalekites. These tribes had traditionally lived in the land, from Shur to Egypt.
27:9 David struck down all the people of the land, leaving no man or woman behind; and he took cattle, sheep, camels, donkeys, and clothes, and returned to Aggi.
27:10 Aggie said, "What have you captured today?" David said, "The south of Judah, the south of Jerahmeel, and the south of Gennesee."
27:11 David did not leave a single one, male or female, to bring to Gath. He said, "Lest they tell people about us, saying, 'David used to do this when he lived in the land of Philistia.'"
27:12 And Aggi believed David, and said in his heart, "David has made Israel of this people to hate him; therefore he will be my servant forever."

Expository section.
9-167, "And David arose and went away with the six hundred men who followed him to Aggi, the son of Maor, king of Gath," Q. Is this so? "And David dwelt in the land of Philistia a year and four months," Q. Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-168, "And David and those who followed him went up and invaded the land of the Kishites, the Kishites, and the Amalekites. These tribes had been living in the land from Shur to Egypt. David struck down all the people of the land, leaving no man or woman behind; and he took cattle, sheep, camels, donkeys and clothes, and returned to Agag". Answer: Not so. "There was not a man or woman left behind", this is the devil slandering David. Not even David, but a normal person would not have been so cruel. Only a demon-possessed "Jewish priest" would have done this. In those days, the weak were slaves to the strong, and the captives were slaves, and could never be killed.

[Explanation in the "Spiritual Version"] "27:8-9 David may have used guerrilla warfare to invade these places, for these three tribes were known for their surprise attacks and cruelty to the innocent inhabitants". Answer: A fool is guessing.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 19 Mar 2017 Edited 31 Oct 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





