Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Commentary (Chapter 9) 5th 6th angel blowing trumpet
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 9 The fifth angel blows the trumpet (9:1-2)
27-9:1, "9:1 And the fifth angel blew the trumpet, and I saw a star fall from heaven to earth, and the key of the bottomless pit was given to it": (1) "A star fell from heaven to earth", and this "star This "star" is the "star of death" that takes away the soul, the "star of death" that kills and comes down. (2) "Luke 8:31 Then the demons begged Jesus not to command them to go to the bottomless pit", indicating that the "bottomless pit" was the place where demons were kept, that is, hell. (3) The "keys of the kingdom of heaven" are the infallible indoctrination that "makes Christians Christ", that is, Christians who have "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in their right hand, a two-edged sword in their mouth, and a face like a sword. The Christian is to be "a Christ with eyes like fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". (4) The "key to the bottomless pit", the indoctrination that does not "make Christians Christ", is the indoctrination that uses "hymns and prayers, charitable works", etc., to make people It is magic in the form of "chanting hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc., which makes people "turn their minds away from themselves" and is a variety of man-made "works of art". (5) In the Christian church communities, the "lambs" are shepherded by the "Nicolaitans" (priests and ministers) who have the "priesthood" and who put "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc. as "Christian doctrine", without any chance of becoming a Christian, which means that "the key to the bottomless pit was given to This shows that "the key to the bottomless pit is given to Christians".
"Watchman Nee: Since he was "thrown down", he must not be a good star, but an angel of light who pretends to deceive": (1) To cover up the truth and give others what is false as true is to be "not a good star", that is, an angel of light who pretends to deceive. (2) The Christianity of Jesus was to make people "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", but the Church makes Christians "pastors' lambs", and uses "the singing of hymns and prayers". This is a sign that the Church is a demonic group "pretending to be an angel of light to deceive".
9:1 We do not know whether the "star" that fell from heaven to earth refers to Satan, the fallen angel, or Christ, the good angel. Most likely it is a good angel, for the keys of the bottomless pit are in the hands of Christ (1:17-18) and are now temporarily given to this messenger from heaven (cf. 20:1). But whoever he is, he remains under the jurisdiction and authority of God. The bottomless pit represents the place of demons and Satan, who is the king of demons (9:11)": (1) "We do not know whether the "star" that fell from heaven to earth refers to Satan, the fallen angel, or to Christ, the good angel "You "blind guides" have been misinterpreting the scriptures and misleading the unwise. We who are wise are not "we" with you devils. Do you think you can trap us with your "we"? You are wrong. Open your eyes and see clearly that the "last judgment" has already begun. The "star" that falls from heaven to earth is not Satan, the fallen angel, but Christ, the angel of goodness, the angel of God. (2) "The key to the bottomless pit is in the hand of Christ". You have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", but you have become "a priest's lamb "You do not know that the church is a group of demons, but you have the "keys to the bottomless pit", and you are the demon who will enter the bottomless pit.

27-9:2, "9:2 When it opened the bottomless pit, smoke came up out of it like the smoke of a great furnace, and the sun and the sky were darkened by it": (1) No matter how numerous and powerful a church group it may be, all indoctrination that does not "make Christians into Christ All indoctrination that does not "make Christians into Christ" is the magic of a demonic group. The indoctrination that does not "make Christians Christ" is the "key to the bottomless pit", which unlocks the bottomless pit. (2) The indoctrination that does not practice "making Christians Christ" is the key to the bottomless pit, which opens the lock to the bottomless pit and makes them bottomless demons. (3) The kingdom of heaven, where Christ dwells, is as clear as a veil. Christ and the angels are before us in a state of "true law, shining in the sun and moon, without shadow or trace", like a radio signal. (2) "There was smoke coming up from the pit", indicating that someone had become a hell spirit. (3) "It was like the smoke of a great furnace, and the sun and the sky were darkened by it", indicating that damned demons were swarming and dead bodies were all over the place.

Revelation 9 The locusts hurt those who do not have the seal of God (9:3-12)
27-9:3, "9:3 And there came out of the smoke locusts and flew to the earth, and power was given to them like the power of the scorpions of the earth": (1) "came out of the smoke", indicating a puffing cloud and black mist "feminine living treasure". (2) "flying to the earth" is coming to the world of men. (3) "Power was given to them", indicating that they have their own attributes. (4) "like the power of scorpions on the earth", indicating that it is aggressive and can cause poisoning and pain, the "instrument of torture" for "present retribution and living punishment".
27-9:4, "9:4 And he commanded them, saying, "Do not harm the grass of the earth, nor every green thing, nor every tree, but only those who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads": (1) "Do not harm the grass of the earth, nor every green thing, nor every tree" is a reference to the "plague of locusts". (1) "Do not harm the grass of the earth, nor every green thing that grows on it, nor any tree that grows on it". (2) Those who practise the teaching "Let Christians be Christ" are "those who bear the mark of God". Those who do not practise the teaching of "making Christians into Christ", but who instead adopt as "Christian doctrine" the "singing of hymns and prayers, charity work", etc., and the forms in which church groups reduce people to minions of the devil, are not "Christian doctrines". "They are not "people with the mark of God", but "people with the mark of the evil gods and demons". (3) "Those who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads" are those who are not wise and do not know the true meaning of the Book of Revelation; those who have not been taught by the "Lamb" (the Lord of the White Sun), and those who have not been taught by one of the five religions, namely, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Jehovah. Those who do not accept the Baisang teaching of the "Lamb" (the Baisang Patriarch) are slaves to the law in one of the five religions. The Book of Revelation makes it very clear that Jesus is not the "Lamb", yet you are still under the delusion that the "Lamb" is Jesus and do not know how to leave Christianity to find the "Lamb". Therefore, you are all "people without the seal of God" who are drunkenly living and dying in Christianity. (4) God has asked the Chinese Lamb to create the "Five Religions, One Family, Acknowledging the Mother and Returning to the Root of the Buddha" after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012 (the end of time) to raise the spirituality of mankind, and anyone who does not practise the "Five Religions, One Family, Acknowledging the Mother and Returning to the Root Anyone who does not practise the "Five Religions, One Family, Mother's Root, Baiyang Buddhism" is "a person without the seal of God on his forehead". (5) "Only those who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads should be harmed", which means that those who have not accepted the Baiyang teachings of the "Lamb" (the Lord of Baiyang) are "slaves of the five religions of Buddhism, Daoism, Confucianism, and Yehui" who have adhered to the five religions. They are the "only ones to be hurt". The reason is that in the Baiyang world, where the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang) is at the helm, those who do not practise the "Baiyang Dharma of the five religions and acknowledge their mother's roots", and those who are still within one of the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" They are all criminals who have committed the cardinal sin of "slandering the Buddha and destroying the Dharma, confusing people's hearts and harming their wisdom", and it is only natural for them to suffer "present rewards and living punishment". It is only natural that they should be punished with the scorpion-like "locust" instrument of torture.

27-9:5, "9:5 But the locusts were not allowed to kill them, but they were made to suffer for five months, and the suffering was like the suffering of a scorpion sting": (1) "But the locusts were not allowed to kill them", because "killing them "would be too cheap for them. (2) "Let them suffer only for five months, and this suffering is like the suffering of a scorpion stinging a man", that is, let them suffer "present retribution, living punishment", and let them know that the "Buddhas, Taoists, Confucians and Yeshiva" who have retired and left office "(Shakyamuni, Laozi, Confucius, Jesus and Mohammed), who have retired from their posts, will not be able to save them at all. Let them pay the price for their foolishness, their slander of the Lamb and their disobedience to God.
27-9:6, "9:6 In those days, when men asked to die, they were never allowed to die; when they wished to die, it was far from them": this means that your lives are not your own, for you are not in charge of your own destiny, for you cannot "do whatever you want", but you must pay for your You have to pay the price for your "unruliness and insensitivity".
27-9:7, "9:7 The locusts were shaped like horses ready for war, and on their heads like crowns of gold, and on their faces like the faces of men": this means that they were not "locusts" at all, but only a little like them, but actually fierce beasts of prey, angels.
27-9:8, "9:8 Hair like a woman's hair and teeth like a lion's teeth": indicating that the beast was rough and aggressive.
27-9:9, "9:9 Armour on their breasts, like armour of iron. The sound of their wings is like the sound of many chariots and horses running into battle": indicating that it is impregnable; powerful and majestic.
27-9:10, "9:10 It has a tail like a scorpion, and the poisonous hook on its tail can wound a man for five months": a "torture device" more formidable than a scorpion.
27-9:11, "9:11 And the messenger of the bottomless pit was king over them, and his name was Abaddon according to the Hebrew, and Abolon according to the Greek": (1) "And the messenger of the bottomless pit was king over them", indicating that they were "instruments of torture" under the authority of the messenger of hell. "instruments of torture". (2) Abadon is "the messenger of the bottomless pit, the king of epidemics, the dark angel of death, the demon god of hell". "Abadon itself is a Hebrew word meaning "place of destruction", destroyer or bottomless pit.
27-9:12, "9:12 The first plague is past, but two more are to come": five months after being "wounded by the poisoned hook", the first plague is past, and two more are to come.

Revelation 9: The sixth angel blows his trumpet (9:13-14)
27-9:13, "9:13 When the sixth angel blew the trumpet, I heard a voice coming out of the four corners of the golden altar before God": "the four corners of the golden altar before God", not the front, the corner that most people ignore, the insignificant place that is thought to be trivial and It is the corner that is overlooked by most, the insignificant place, the one that is despised as a trivial matter; it is also the sharpest and most destructive.
27-9:14, "9:14 Command the sixth angel who blew the trumpet, saying, Release the four messengers who are bound to the great river Euphrates": (1) The Euphrates, the largest river in Southwest Asia, originates in the Armenian plateau of Turkey. It flows roughly south-east through Syria and southern Iraq, joins the Tigris to form the Shatt al-Arab and empties into the Persian Gulf. The total length is about 2800 km. (2) "The four messengers bound to the great river Euphrates" are the four murderous demons, the demons that kill four kinds of sinners. They represent the four demons of murder, theft, prostitution and delusion. (3) Water represents wisdom, and the "Euphrates River" is great wisdom. The four evil demons of killing, stealing, adultery and arrogance were "bound in the great river Euphrates" when they accepted God's correction and had great wisdom. Without wisdom, having received Satan's teaching and not knowing that he had not overcome the four evil demons of "killing, stealing, adultery and arrogance", he released the four messengers "bound in the river Euphrates" and then used the four demons of "killing, stealing, adultery and arrogance" to harm people. "(4) If a person drinks wine, he or she will suffer the consequences of the four demons. (4) If a person drinks wine, the wine will confuse his true nature, and "killing, stealing, adultery and delusion" will become even more arrogant with the power of the demon of wine. This is the reason why one should abstain from "killing, stealing, adultery and delusion". If ordinary people do not have the awareness of the Five Precepts, they will allow the demon of wine to encourage them to do whatever they want, thus creating unwarranted evil and suffering the consequences of the "present life".

Revelation 9: One third of the murderers (9:15-21)
27-9:15, "9:15 Then the four messengers were released; they were prepared to kill a third of the people on a certain day of a certain year": (1) "Then the four messengers were released", and the world of men was "The world was then endangered by the four demons of "killing, stealing, prostitution and delusion", and everyone had the evil habit of "killing, stealing, prostitution and delusion". They are all the embodiment of the four demons. (2) "Killing, stealing, adultery and delusion" is an inherent "bad nature of greed and anger" that is common to all. (3) "One third of those who want to kill" means that one-third of the people have a prevalence of "killing, stealing, adultery and delusion" and that "cessation, determination and wisdom" cannot overcome "greed, anger and delusion". (3) "One third of the people will kill", which means that one third of the people are "murderers, thieves, adulterers and delinquents", and that they are unable to overcome their "greed and anger", so that they create evil consequences.
27-9:16, "9:16 The army of horses is twenty thousand, and their number I have heard": (1) "The army of horses" is the "ape of the heart", the delusion that ten thousand horses are galloping. People in this world lack the teachings of the Five Rites and Eight Virtues and the Precepts of Caution, Determination and Wisdom, and the delusions of killing, stealing, prostitution and delusion derived from greed, anger and dementia have gathered into a mass, forming a legion of "horse armies" that can advance quickly. (2) In ancient times, the "horse army" was today's mechanized armoured army, with heavy weapons on wheels. (3) The word "twenty thousand thousand" means two hundred million, a very large number.
27-9:17, "9:17 I saw in a vision the horses and their riders, and on their chests were armour like fire, with purple onyx and sulphur. And the head of the horse was like the head of a lion, and there was fire and smoke and brimstone coming out of the horse's mouth": (1) "The head of the horse was like the head of a lion" indicates that it was not a grazing horse at all, but a fierce meat-eating animal that mutilated the lives of animals. (2) "The chest of the riding horse has armour like fire, with purple onyx and sulphur", which is armour protection, sights and ammunition for armoured soldiers. (3) "The horse's head was like a lion's head", indicating that this was a very aggressive killing machine. (4) "There was fire and smoke and brimstone coming out of the horse's mouth", indicating that this was a heavy weapon such as a mountain cannon.

27-9:18, "9:18 Fire and smoke, and brimstone, which came out of the mouth, these three plagues killed a third of the people": "fire and smoke, and brimstone", indicating that this was a variety of murderous weapons.
27-9:19, "9:19 The power of this horse is in its mouth and in its tail; for this tail is like a serpent, and has a head for harm": (1) "The power of this horse is in its mouth and in its tail", and what comes out of its mouth is a large calibre cannonball. (2) "For this tail is like a serpent, and has a head to do harm", indicating that it is a gun.
27-9:20, "9:20 The rest of those who had not been killed by these plagues still did not repent of what their hands had done, but went on to worship demons and idols that could not see, hear, or walk, gold, silver, bronze, wood, and stone": (1) This is speaking of all kinds of "religious people ". (2) Religious people "sing hymns and prayers" and do not preach the "law of inaction", so that Christians do not become "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron" (with "eyes of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron). (the Great Sage with "eyes of fire and a golden rod"), so that Christians are reduced to the status of "priest's lambs", that is to say, slaves to "worship demons and idols". "27-9:21.

27-9:21, "9:21 And did not repent of their murders, their evil deeds, their adulteries, their thefts": (1) not allowing Christians to become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" (with (1) Instead of Christians becoming "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron" (with "eyes of fire and a golden rod"), Christians are reduced to "priests' lambs", a kind of "murder that sees no blood and escapes the law". This is a form of "murder" that "kills without blood and escapes the law", which is "harmful to the life of man". Such a situation exists not only in Christianity, but also in Taoism, Buddhism and Islam, because it is the reason for the "magic age". (2) The "chanting of hymns and prayers" and so on, and all kinds of "religious edification" as "Christian edification", are made to be practised by Christians, so that they do not become Instead of Christians becoming "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron" (the Great Sage with "eyes of fire and a golden rod"), Christians are reduced to being "the priest's lamb". "This is Satan's "evil art" in action. (3) The "chanting of hymns and prayers" and so on, and all kinds of "religious edification" as "Christian edification", are to be practised by Christians, so that they do not become Instead of Christians becoming "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron" (the Great Sage with "eyes of fire and a golden rod"), Christians are reduced to being "the priest's lamb". "This is an "adultery", a "rape and rape" of Christ by a satanic group; it is also a "theft by stealth". (4) "Murder, wickedness, adultery, and theft" are not only found in Christianity, but also in "Taoism, Buddhism, and Islam", for this is the "magic age " for a reason.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 2017-6-3 21:39:30 Edited 8 June Edited 22 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









