Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 15 Abram the Fool
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Bible The Old Testament, Chapter 1 The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 15 Abram the Fool

[Note: (1) Genesis is the first book of the Old Testament of the Bible, and one should not think that Genesis is a Jewish classic. The book of Genesis is a "heavenly book" that predates Judaism, and was only used by the Jewish priests as a "Jewish classic". Genesis is not a Jewish classic, as we all remember. (2) Because few people could read and write in ancient times, a few literate Jews misinterpreted, blasphemed and kidnapped the Book of Genesis, making it a tool for them to "create sins through God, to confuse people and to harm their lives", and after the Book of Genesis, they invented a huge number of demonic heresies, pretending to be classics with continuity to the Book of Genesis. This is how "Judaism" came into being. (3) Is it true that Judaism blasphemes and misinterprets the Book of Genesis? Once we know the meaning of the book of Genesis and look at the teachings of Judaism in the "Old Testament" after Genesis, it will become clear to you. The teachings of the "Old Testament" are the opposite of the teachings of God in Genesis.
(4) After becoming the Christ, Jesus understood Genesis and found that Judaism was a devilish group that had misinterpreted Genesis and kidnapped Jehovah to promote Satan's teachings, so he launched an attack on the Jewish group, which Jesus called "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". Jesus used the fact that he had been "crucified" by Judaism to prove that Judaism was a demonic group that harmed people. (5) During Constantine the Great (272-337) Christianity became the state religion of Rome, and Jesus' Christian system gave birth to the monstrosity of "Catholicism" under the imperial power, and from then on, no matter which sect of Christianity (including branches of Orthodoxy and Orthodoxy, etc.), the Christian "Christians" Christians" have lost the words and deeds of Jesus and are anesthetizing themselves with "singing hymns and prayers and doing charity", words and deeds that Jesus did not do. The Ark of Jesus has completed its mission and has been replaced by the Ark of the Devil under the guise of Christianity.

Genesis 15: Abram is deceived by the demonic indoctrination of the Jewish priests (15:1-12)
1. "15:1 And after these things the LORD had a word in a vision to Abram, saying, Fear not, Abram! I am your shield, and will reward you greatly": (1) "14:20 Then Abram gave a tenth of what he had received to Melchizedek; 14:21 and the king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the people, and take the goods for yourself!" The Lord had a word to Abram in a vision after "this thing" twice. (2) Abram in his poverty was like this: "12:13 Say, you are my sister, that I may have peace through you, and that my life may live through you", and now Abram, who had defeated the "four kings" and had unified the world and become king, had two "things". "This shows that "Abram" was again guilty of this "inability to bear, cowardice and fear". If Abram had been a fearless king, Jehovah would not have said these things. (3) In the face of the "king of Sodom" and the Jewish priests, "Abram" showed his limitations and inferiority, showing that "Abram" was immune and did not have a strong "shield". "shield".
(4) "I am your shield and will reward you greatly" is telling "Abram": Abram, think about it, the "five kings" were defeated by the " You have defeated the "four kings" and you have defeated the "four kings" and you have all the requirements to become a great king over the "nine kings". (5) After defeating the "four kings", Abram did not put an end to the division of the "nine kings", leaving the "nine kings" to rule over one another, and the people could not live and work in peace and happiness within one great nation. What kind of person was this "Abram"? (6) When Abram was poor, the Lord said to him, "12:2 I will make you a great nation. I will bless you and make your name great, and you shall bless others". Now Abram had all the conditions to end the division of the "nine kings" and to become a "great nation" by unifying the kingdom of the "nine kings". What does it mean that Abram had "this thing" twice at this time?

2. "15:2 And Abram said, "O Lord GOD, if I have no son, what will you give me? (1) Adonai is the Hebrew word for "God, my Lord, the Lord of heaven", which is a substitute for "Yahweh" in the Hebrew writings. Adonai Yahweh God Jehovah. (2) Do you see? Abram was an ordinary man, and no matter how much Yahweh encouraged him, he could not appreciate what Yahweh expected of him. (3) He could not be a king who would pacify the world and make peace for the people "so that others might be blessed", but he was only concerned with his personal "children and family". He was so full of "the Lord Jehovah" that he did not know what Jehovah wanted him to do. This is a "human tragedy" that Jehovah does not want to see. (4) If you think of the Lord, you will lose your own wisdom and become a "servant of the Lord" because of your excessive trust in the Lord. This is a "human tragedy" that Yahweh does not want to see.

3. "15:3 And Abram said, "You have not given me a son, but he who is born in my house is my heir": (1) God, Jehovah, you are almighty, but "you have not given me a son, but he who is born in my house is my heir". (2) Do you see? Abram had a grudge against the LORD, for it was a grumbling tone, "angry words". (3) Abram, if you unite the "nine kings" and "become the king of a great nation", will not everyone in the territory of the "nine kings" be your "people"? Are they not your "subjects"? If you let the "others" in your territory be blessed, won't the "others" be like sons who will give you their "last days"? (4) Abram, you are only concerned with your own "children and family" and you have failed the LORD's hope that you will become a "great king" over the "nine kings" of the world, and you complain that You have shirked your responsibility and left the world in a "chaotic world of nine kings", and you do not even provide life and safety for other people's sons. Shouldn't you be "without a son"?

4. "15:4 And the LORD had a word for him, saying, "This man shall not be your heir, but he who is born of yourself shall be your heir": (1) He who is born in your house is not your heir, "This man shall not be your heir ", but the heir of another. (2) He who is born to your wife after you yourself have been with her in the womb, and she conceives, "only then shall he be your heir". (3) How old are you, Abram? Don't you know what an "heir" is?

5. "15:5 Then he led him away, saying, "Look to heaven and count the stars, and can you count them all? And he said to him, "This is how your descendants will be": (1) "Look to heaven" means, Abram, that you must have a lofty goal, that you must see the present state of affairs in which people long for national unity, that you must take up the responsibility of unifying the world, that you must not see only your "descendants and Don't worry and complain about the existing "children and family business". (2) Now that you have put an end to the turbulent situation of the "nine kings" and have become the king of a "great nation", you have made it possible for the people of your territory to live and work in peace and happiness and for "others to be blessed", and your people are all "your descendants". Your people will be "your descendants" and will think of you as their father, and you will be known for centuries. (3) Abram, if you do not care about your own "posterity and family", but consider the people of the "nine kings" as your own "posterity and family", and put an end to "If you become a king of a "great nation" and save the people's "sons and families" from war, the Lord will give you As a reward for making "others blessed", the Lord will give you sons "as many as the stars" to be "your descendants".

6. "15:6 Abram believed in the LORD, and the LORD made it his righteousness": (1) Abram believed in the superficiality of the LORD's words, but did not understand the original meaning of the LORD's words, for he did not improve his life because of the increase in wealth, but remained in the "peasant consciousness of poverty He remained in the "peasant consciousness of poverty". In Chinese terms, this is an over-emphasis on "material civilization" and a lack of "spiritual civilization". Therefore, Abram was superstitiously believing in Yahweh, rather than being sensible and sober enough to believe in Yahweh's teachings. (2) Abram did not understand Yahweh's intention, and Yahweh had no choice but to "make this his righteousness", which was not Yahweh's original intention.

7. 15:7 And the LORD said to him, "I am the LORD, who led you out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give you this land for an inheritance": (1) "I led you out of Ur of the Chaldees", so that you could improve your position by opening your eyes. You were made to suffer famine in order that you might develop a desire for stability and prosperity. Let you go to Egypt in order that you may know the cultivation of the kings of great nations and subsequently develop a desire for a rich and powerful nation. The reason you were sent to Egypt was so that you could know the cultivation of a great king, and so that the people could be blessed by you. (2) From the "former kings" to the "four kings". (2) All these things, from "having led you out of Ur of the Chaldees" to today's defeat of the "four kings", are for the purpose of giving you the territory of the "nine kings" as a foundation for your kingdom, so that you may put an end to "Adam and Eve". So that the "Garden of Eden of Adam and Eve" might be ended and the "nine kings" might be cut off from it, and so that the people might receive your "blessing". (4) And you, Abram? See how many times I have said, "I will give you this land for your inheritance", but why can't you take up the mission I have given you?
(5) 11:31 And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot his grandson, the son of Haran, and Sarai his wife, the wife of Abram, and went out of Ur of the Chaldees to the land of Canaan. And they came to Haran and stayed there.12:1 And the LORD said to Abram, Go away from your native land, from your tribe and from your father's house, to the land that I will show you.12:2 And I will make you a great nation. I will bless you and make your name great, and you shall bless others. 12:7 And the LORD appeared to Abram and said, I will give this land to your descendants. 13:14 After Lot had departed from Abram, the LORD said to Abram, "From where you are, lift up your eyes and look to the east and the west and the north and the south. 13:15 All the land that you see, I will give it to you and to your 13:16 I will also make your descendants as numerous as the dust of the earth; if a man can count the dust of the earth, he can count your descendants. 13:17 Arise and walk throughout the land, for I will give it to you. 14:20 Blessed be the God of the highest who has put his enemies into your hands.

8. "15:8 And Abram said, How can I know, O Lord GOD, that I shall have this land for an inheritance?" (1) Abram, the "foolish, foolish bear", think about this: the "four kings" defeated the "five kings", and you only have 318 men, and you defeated the "four kings". Does this not mean that you have what it takes to unite the territories of the nine kings and establish a great nation like Egypt? (2) Abram, the fact that you do not know that defeating the "four kings" means that you have what it takes to unify the territory of the "nine kings" and establish a great nation like Egypt shows that you are "brain-dead and mentally retarded". (3) Abram, not knowing that he had the conditions to unite the territories of the "nine kings" and establish a great nation like Egypt, asked, "How can I know that I shall have this land for my possession? fool".

9. "15:9 And he said, Take for me a cow three years old, a female goat three years old, a male sheep three years old, a turtledove, and a young pigeon": (1) Is Yahweh a beast that eats meat? If he is not a flesh-eating beast, then why would Yahweh ask you to kill animals for his sacrifice? Therefore, this is a "test" from the LORD, asking for your wisdom, and if you believe it, you are "blind without ears". (2) In addition to Jehovah's "test", there is also the case where the devil, under the guise of Jehovah, uses Jehovah's words to compel the Jews to "ask for a sacrifice" and, as a result, the Jews cannot distinguish between "Jehovah who wants meat" and "Jehovah who wants food". As a result, the Jews were not able to distinguish between "Jehovah who wants meat" and "Jehovah who wants to eat", and were easily fooled. (3) Judaism, which believed in "Jehovah who eats flesh" and passed on the "burnt offering", was a demonic group that Jesus called "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (4) Beasts of Judaism, have you not read the first chapter of Genesis? There is not a single word in it that says "the Lord ate and ate meat". (5) The LORD is a life-giving, gaseous (radio-like) God who does not need to "eat or eat flesh" at all. Are you animals? (6) "1:27 And God created man in his own image, in his own image he created him male and female. 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I have given you all the vegetables of the earth that bear seed, and all the fruit of every tree that has a kernel, for food." See? Not one word of "let man eat meat". Anyone who does not know that this is God's "commandment not to eat meat" is a devil who excuses his "breaking of the commandment to kill". If anyone does not know that this is God's "command and explicit rule" to "eat vegetarianism", he is the "Satan of the hour" who corrupts the "teaching of the LORD". (7) "1:1 (7) "1:28 Then God blessed them and said to them, "Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth and rule over it, and over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over every living thing that moves on the earth": men to eat the crops and animals "from their own kind"; men to cultivate the plains and animals to cultivate the mountains. The people will eat the crops, and the animals will be "of their own kind"; the people will cultivate the plains, and the animals will be in the mountains, and this will be "ruling the land". This is what is meant by "ruling the land": "and ruling over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over every living thing that moves on the earth", facilitating and providing for their reasonable survival, and not subjecting them, the lower animals, to human abuse and slaughter.

10. "15:10 So Abram took these and split them in half, and laid them out half against half, except for the birds": (1) This is evidence that Abram wanted to "anger the LORD to death". This is because Abram, a "fool", treated Yahweh, the "life-giving, gaseous God of birth", as if he were a beast that "ate and ate meat". (2) "1:27 And God created man in his own image, male and female in his image. 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I have given you all the vegetables of the earth that bear seed, and all the fruit of every tree that has a kernel, for food." See? Open your eyes and see clearly. Man is the same as Yahweh; Yahweh made man to eat crops, not meat. (3) Genesis 4: Abel offered "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" as an offering to the LORD, "4:8 And Cain spoke with Abel his brother, and they were in the field, and Cain rose up and struck Abel his brother and killed him". "4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Whosoever slayeth Cain shall be recompensed sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him". (4) Because the LORD gave life to the animal and man had no right to kill it, anyone who took "the flesh of the animal and sacrificed it" to the LORD should be killed by a righteous man like "Cain". This means that Yahweh rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill the LORD with the "flesh of the animal" will be protected by the LORD. (5) All three animals were slaughtered and divided, and the two halves were placed opposite each other, leaving a space between each pair. The birds were also slaughtered but not divided. One may have been placed on one side and the other on the other. He who "defiles the Lord and makes a covenant with the devil" is to walk in the midst of the split sacrifice, symbolically vowing eternal obedience to the terms of the covenant so solemnly made. (6) The life of the sacrifice symbolises the life of those who have made a covenant "with the devil"; if you kill an animal in obedience to a Jewish sacrifice, you have been killed by the devil and have shown yourself to be a devil of life. (7) Because this practice was still practised in Jeremiah's day and continued for centuries, the Jews of Judaism continued to be punished by the Lord because they did not understand the wisdom of Genesis and continued to mutilate life under the misguided guidance of the devil, which is why Jesus rebuked the Jewish group.

11. "15:11 A bird of prey came down and landed on the flesh of the dead animal, and Abram scared it away": (1) A "bird of prey" is a fierce flesh-eating bird; such as an eagle, vulture, eagle, owl, etc. (2) "A bird of prey came down and landed on the flesh of the dead animal", which means that Jehovah did not eat meat at all, but only fierce beasts ate "the flesh of the dead animal". (3) This was a message from Yahweh to the whole "Jewish people", but the Jews did not understand it in this way. The fact that the Jews would rather believe in Yahweh's "flesh of the dead beast" in order to give themselves the opportunity to "bribe Yahweh and save themselves from sin" shows that they are all slaves who have been misled by the devil. (4) "And Abram frightened it away", for it was not for the "birds of prey" but for "the LORD". This is the ugliest part of Abram. Shouldn't such an Abram have met "a man like Cain" and killed him? Fortunately, Abram did not have a brother like "Cain".

Genesis 15: Abram is warned (15:12-21)
12. "15:12 As the sun was setting, Abram fell into a deep sleep, and suddenly a great and terrible darkness fell upon him": (1) "A great darkness fell" is the opposite of the bright and upright Yahweh, and represents the feminine nature of the devil, punishment, wrath, hell, punishment, etc. (1) "Great darkness fell" is the opposite of Jehovah's light and righteousness. (2) "And suddenly a great and shocking darkness fell upon him". Abram treated Yahweh with the demonic indoctrination of the Jewish priests, repeatedly misunderstanding the original meaning of Yahweh and finally angering Yahweh.

13. "15:13 And the LORD said to Abram, "Know indeed that your descendants will dwell in another man's land and serve the people of that land, and the people of that land will treat them bitterly for four hundred years": (1) Abram, by pretending to be mad and refusing to carry out the mission in life given to you by the LORD, you are not taking responsibility for the establishment of a great nation; you have disobeyed You have disobeyed Yahweh's will and failed the "Jewish people" in their desire for a peaceful nation, and not only will you be punished by having your crown cut off, but all your descendants will suffer from your "evasion of responsibility". (2) "Your descendants will suffer from you". (2) "Your descendants will live in another land and serve the people of that land, and the people of that land will suffer them for 400 years" because of your "rebellion against heaven and the killing of animals to defame the Lord" today. (3) "Four hundred years" is not a real number, it means "a long time". "The people of the land will suffer them for four hundred years" is only the first period, and there will be several more such "sufferings", for your Jewish doctrine has not changed with the progress of the times.

14. "15:14 And I will punish the nation which they will serve, and afterwards they will come out of it with much wealth": (1) "I will punish the nation which they will serve", indicating that the nation which they will serve is in turmoil and that the "slaves" in that nation will be "punished". The situation of "your descendants" who are slaves in that country is even more difficult. None of them can be slaves in a rich, peaceful country, and they will have to be "treated badly" by foreigners, because "your descendants" have also inherited your "Jewish devilry" and they deserve to be "afflicted, devil-inflicted". They should be subjected to "devilry, hardship caused by the devil". (2) Because of the turmoil in the country where they were to serve, they could not "come out of it with much goods", but they threw away much goods before they came out of it. (3) It is not that "they shall come out of it with many possessions", but that the advanced foreign mindset became a valuable asset that these "Jews" did not have, for some found the strengths of others and saw the weaknesses of the Jews themselves. (4) Do you know the situation of the Jews during the Second World War? "They shall come out of there with much wealth"? No. Why? Because they all thought of Judaism as the indoctrination of Yahweh, and thus had these kinds of "karma". Judaism is still the state religion of Israel today, with a total population of 8.55 million in 2016, of which 6.377 million are Jewish. 76.1% of Israelis follow the four denominations of Judaism, 16.2% Christianity, 2.1% Islam, 1.6% Druze, and 3.9% other faiths. The divisions and fissures exist not only within the four denominations of Judaism, but also profoundly between Judaism and other denominations, indicating that Israel is a country torn apart by religion. (5) The main commandments and teachings of Judaism come from the Torah, the first five books of the Bible. The Torah, in English: Torah, is Judaism's belief in Jehovah God, known in Hebrew as "יהוה". The Torah refers broadly to the true meaning of God's revelation to Israel, and to God's revelation of teaching and guidance to mankind. In a narrower sense, it refers to the first five books of the Old Testament (which the Jews do not call the "Old Testament"), also known as the Book of the Law or the Pentateuch: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy. (6) The books of Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy carry on the "antitheses and parables" of Yahweh in Genesis, making falsehoods real and enriching the doctrine of the devil, which is diametrically opposed to the teaching of Yahweh in Genesis. Remember: Judaism is the demonic group overthrown by Jesus.

15. "15:15 But you shall enjoy a great life, and return in peace to your fathers, and be buried": (1) You have failed in your mission given by the LORD to establish a great nation, and you are an old fool to "enjoy a great life". (2) "Return in peace to your fathers and be buried" and go to hell, not to live forever in heaven.

16. "15:16 In the fourth generation they will return to this place, for the sins of the Amorites are not yet full": (1) The Amorites were one of the Semitic peoples. Sumuabum, the chief of the Amorites, founded the kingdom of Babylon, known as Old Babylon, in southern Mesopotamia in about 1894 BC. (2) "The sins of the Amorites were not yet full" indicates that they, the Amorites, would still enslave slaves who had sins punished, the descendants of Abram, because they misunderstood Yahweh's indoctrination and passed on the devil's indoctrination as Yahweh's.

17. "15:17 When the sun had set and it was dark, unexpectedly, a smoking furnace and a burning torch passed through the pieces of flesh": (1) "A smoking furnace and a burning torch", this is the devil compelling Abram, the slave, with his magical powers, to make him feel miraculous (1) "There was a smoking furnace and burning torches". (2) Do you know how to fish? Have you ever caught a fish? Did you know that when you use meat as bait, you can catch "flesh-eating sharks and turtles" and other beasts? (3) Those who often go to the "slaughterhouse" for "sacrifice" are only beasts of prey like the wolf. It could only be a "flesh-eating devil" like the "birds of prey" who "passed through those pieces of flesh", but never the "Jehovah who does not eat, much less eat meat". The LORD".

18. "15:18 On that day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, "I have given your descendants from the river of Egypt to the land of the great river Euphrates, 15:19 the land of the Kenites, the Kenizzites, the Karmonites, 15:20 the Hittites, the Berezites, the Rephaimites, 15:21 the Amorites, the Canaanites, the Gehazites and the land of the Jebusites." (1) These were "word games" which Abram could not understand and which only confused Abram because he did not know what to do now and had the narrow-minded delusion of planning for his children and grandchildren, but did not have the boldness and wisdom to be a king. (2) Anyone with wisdom would know that the words "give to your descendants" are "joking, joking", and are a mockery of Abram's narrow-mindedness in planning for his children.
(1) In Genesis, Jehovah left these "sacrificial" words to show that "animal sacrifice is punishable", which was meant to be a "warning" for people to think about. "But the Jewish people have copied all of them and have done the "animal sacrifice", ignoring the words that punish them after the sacrifice. Have you all been misled by the "blind guides"? (2) "To bribe the Lord, who does not eat, with the carcass of an animal after killing a human being" is the same as the criminal who kills a human being and is covered in blood running to the police station himself, not "letting the Lord absolve him of his sin"; how could the Jews not understand this? This is not only the "bad nature" of the Jews, but also of all ignorant people. (3) "And suddenly a great and terrible darkness fell upon him. Your descendants shall dwell in another man's land and serve the people of that land, and the people of that land shall suffer them for 400 years", which is a clear punishment for Abram's "killing of animals for sacrifice". "This is the reason why the Jews have not been able to establish a great nation. (4) There are many other "unlearned and ugly vices" such as swearing, cursing, smoking, drinking, adultery, drug addiction, etc. (5) The man "Abram" is the typical "antagonist" that Jehovah left in Genesis, an "ignorant clown", in order to show us his The purpose of this is to let us see his "ignorant and ugly performance" and to warn us not to follow the same path as Abram, and not to perform the same farce that Abram did.

Li Huaizhu Published on 23 Aug 2017 11:40 24 17:18 PM Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei


 ()



