Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 35 "Israel" is "Satan"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 35 "Israel" is "Satan"

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like the heavens above, nor the earth beneath, nor any of the creatures under the earth, nor any of the waters in the waters. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. These are acts that the LORD has expressly forbidden, acts and words that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be".

Genesis 35 Jacob goes to Bethel to build an altar (35:1-17)
35:1 God said to Jacob, "Get up! Go up to Bethel and stay there, and build there an altar to God, the One who appeared to you when you fled from your brother Esau." : (1) "27:36 And Jacob deceived Esau twice, the first time with bread and red bean soup to obtain the name of Esau's firstborn; and the second time with a lamb instead of game to obtain the blessing given to Esau by Isaac," so that when Esau was about to kill Jacob, and Jacob was going to take refuge with his maternal uncle in Badan Aram, "28: 19 And he called the name of the place Bethel." (2) "Build an altar to God there", and you have made Jehovah an "idol" to worship, and you have "wrestled with God and have been defeated", and you are not You are not "Israel", you are the opposite of "Israel", a slave. (3) To "build an altar there to God" is the opposite of "wrestling with God and man and winning", the opposite of the LORD's teaching that "idolatry is forbidden". It is the devil blaspheming the title "Israel".

2. "35:2 Then Jacob said to those in his house and to all who were with him, "Get rid of the foreign gods from among you, and cleanse yourselves and change your garments." (1) "Get rid of the foreign gods among you", leaving only one Jehovah, who then becomes an "idol you carve for yourself". This is not true, for Jehovah has his "Gentile name" in the "Gentiles", but not Jehovah, just as "Jacob" has been replaced by "Israel "(2) Jehovah created the world. (2) The LORD created the universe and the world, and also created the "Gentiles", and the "Gentile God" is the "Gentile name" of the LORD in the "Gentiles". The "Gentile God" is the "foreign name" of Yahweh in the "foreign countries", just as a man changes his clothes and dresses up and "puts on make-up". Do you understand? Stupid pig. (3) "Get rid of the foreign gods among you". This is not understanding that the LORD also created the "foreign nations" and that the "foreign gods" are the "foreign names" of the LORD in the "foreign nations". "This is not "self-cleaning", it is the opposite of "self-cleaning". It is the opposite of "self-contamination". It is the opposite of "self-cleaning", which means that the "normal man" has fallen into the "foolish man" and thus changed his garments.

3. "35:3 Let us arise and go up to Bethel, where I will build an altar to God, the One who answered my prayers in the day of my trouble and blessed me in my way. (1) "There I will build an altar to God", this is the devil screaming, this is the devil misleading the masses, because Yahweh does not need any "altar", Yahweh needs all the people of the world to be "Cain, Nimrod, Jesus Yahweh needs the world to be righteous and Christ-like like "Cain, Nimrod and Jesus", and Yahweh needs the world to follow his rule of "vegetarianism and not meat". (2) Jacob, your "days of trouble" came about because you deceived your father and brother, but you have never repented and you have not promised before the LORD that you will "never deceive again", which means that you will continue to do so. (3) Therefore, the One who answers your prayers and blesses you in your walk must not be Yahweh, but only "Satan's for a while".

4. "35:4 Then they gave Jacob the idols of the Gentiles and the rings on their ears, and Jacob hid them all under the oak tree at Shechem." (1) You don't know that the "idols of the Gentiles" are the "changelings" of Yahweh, because you are ignorant, see? Stupid pigs. (2) To treat the "rings on the ears of the Gentiles" as "the idols of the Gentiles" is the harshness and cruelty of the devil. (3) Only their LORD is good, and they can give him whatever he wants, but no one else can, because they are "Gentiles", which means that they do not have the awareness that LORD created the Gentiles, and that they "cannot turn around" like animals. This is a sign of the devil's domination of their thinking.

5. "35:5 So they started to go. And God made all the people of the cities around them so afraid that they did not pursue the sons of Jacob." (1) It was not the righteous god Jehovah who "terrified all the people of the surrounding cities", but the evil god Satan who "terrified all the people of the surrounding cities", because everyone knew that the family of Jacob, who worshipped "Jehovah the idol The family of Jacob, who worshipped "Jehovah, the idol", was a devil who had no righteousness, was unreasonable, and killed the innocent. (2) Thus Jacob had a reputation among the Canaanites and the Bereans, and the Canaanites and the Bereans knew that the "Jewish prophets" who worshipped "Jehovah, the idol" were all devils who were faithless, unreasonable and murderous, so they did not chase after Jacob's sons. 35:6 So Jacob and the sons of Jacob

35:6 So Jacob and all those who were with him came to Luz in the land of Canaan, which is called Bethel.
7. "35:7 And he built an altar there, and he called the name of the place Ilebteleth (note: which means "God of Bethel"), because God appeared to him there when he was fleeing from his brother." (1) "He built an altar there", that is, he worshipped "Jehovah the idol" there. (2) "Ilebteleth" means "the god of Bethel", which is a misinterpretation of the omnipresent God. This is a sign that the devil has kidnapped and defamed Yahweh by making him subject to the "prophets of Yahweh". It shows that Yahweh is not the Lord of the birth universe and that man is above Yahweh. In fact, Yahweh has angels in every place, and Yahweh does not take orders from the "prophets of Yahweh" to accept "sacrifices" there. (3) "Bethel" means "the temple of God", which was the understanding of the Jewish priests and was a demonic demagogue, for only the place where "Christians are made Christ" is the "temple of God". "house of God". The killing of animals and the sacrifice of oil to Yahweh's place are all signs of insulting Yahweh, who gives birth to life without eating, with words and actions that mutilate life.
(4) Why did "Jacob", who is called "Israel", "flee from his brother"? Because he tricked his brother into giving him the title of "firstborn" with "bread and red bean soup", and he tricked his father into giving him a blessing with a lamb as game, so that Esau, Jacob's brother, wanted to kill Jacob, and Jacob, the deceiver of his father and brother, escaped from his hometown. . (5) The LORD will never protect a deceiver who deceives his father and brother, nor will he "appear" to Jacob, the deceiver of his father and brother, but "appear to him there" only in the guise of the LORD. (6) Let no one see the "deceiver" of Jacob, who deceived his father and brother. (6) One should not be tempted to interpret the phrase "God appeared to him there" as "the rightful God, Jehovah, appeared to him there", for this is a "blind man without ears" who is misinterpreting the Scriptures. This is a misinterpretation of scripture. If you do not know that Jacob was a "liar who deceived his father and brother", you are a beast who does not understand human words. (7) Once you know what kind of man Jacob was, you will know that it was impossible for the LORD to "appear" to Jacob, the deceiver of his father and brother. Once you understand this, you will see that these "prophets of the LORD" in Genesis are all demons in disguise, and have become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire".

35:8 And Deborah, the nurse of Rebekah, died, and was buried under the oak tree below Bethel; and the name of the tree was Aaron Bacchus.
9. "35:9 And Jacob returned from Padan Aram, and God appeared to him and blessed him": (1) See through this "play on words" and know that this is a deliberate attempt by the LORD to mislead the reader of the Scriptures, knowing that the "blessing was given to him (1) See through such "word games" and know that this is a deliberate attempt by Yahweh to mislead the reader of the Scriptures, knowing that "blessed with him" is an indication of his greed for "blessing" and that his human nature has metamorphosed into a demonic nature, at which point you become "a Christ with eyes like a flame". (2) If you think that the Lord really "blessed" Jacob on his return from Padan Aram, you have become a beast with "no ears" and cannot understand human speech. The LORD would never "bless" Jacob's family, who were devils without faith and righteousness. (3) The one who "appeared to him and blessed him" was never the righteous God, Jehovah, but the evil God, Satan, "the one who is Satan" under the guise of Jehovah.

10. "35:10 And he said to him, "Your name was Jacob; from now on do not be called Jacob, but Israel." And so he changed his name to Israel." : (1) "32:28 And he prevailed against God and against men, and was called Israel." (2) Jacob began to cheat his brother out of his "firstborn title" with "bread and red bean soup" and his father's blessing of his brother with a lamb as game, and his straightforward brother tried to kill Jacob the liar; then Jacob fled to his maternal uncle Laban and cheated his wife Afterwards he killed Hagar and his son Shechem, who had been circumcised, and "all the men who came in and out of the gates of the city," and took their flocks, their herds, their donkeys, and all that was in the fields of the city, and took all their goods, their children, their women, and all that was in their houses, and plundered them. At this time Jacob could no longer be called "Jacob, but Israel", which means that "Israel" has gone beyond the definition and connotation of "32:28 having prevailed against God and against men". The "Israel" of this time cannot be defined in terms of "having prevailed against God and man". This means that "Israel" is synonymous with "Satan and the devil", who is a person who has lost his humanity, who is demonic, who has gone mad, who has killed people, and who is a devil. (3) "And he changed his name to Israel", which means that Jacob had already revealed all the words and deeds of the "Satanic Devil"; if we know what kind of person Jacob was, we will know what kind of person the "Satanic Devil" was. "(4) Born in Israel, conscious of the fact that he was born in Israel (4) By being born in Israel, realising the evil of Jewish teaching, turning away from Israel, accepting the good indoctrination of other peoples, and never becoming a faithful Jew, one truly achieves escape from the devil's cave, the Christ who ran away from it. There are many such Israeli elites, such as Dr. Kissinger, an old friend of the Chinese people.

11. "35:11 And God said unto him, I am God Almighty; thou shalt bring forth a multitude, and a people of one tribe and of many nations shall come from thee, and kings shall come out of thee." : (1) This is all a "word game, an intelligence test" of Yahweh. (2) You are "God Almighty"? You did not stop Jacob's family from killing their lives, nor did you ask Jacob to apologize for his misdeeds, and Jacob did not even have the slightest sense of repentance. (3) Jacob's family was faithful and righteous. (3) Jacob's family is faithless and life-threatening, and his "multiplicity" can only lead to more victims! It will only further tarnish the image of the LORD as it should be! It will only allow the devil and magic to destroy life everywhere. (4) "In the future a people and many nations will be born of you, and kings will come out of you" shows that those who are possessed by the devil have boundless desires, that those who are possessed by the devil have "madness, delusion, mania, self-exaltation, and blind pride". ", which means that they are neurotics with a flood of ideas.

12. "35:12 The land that I gave to Abraham and Isaac I will give to you and to your descendants." (1) This is not a "promise and a gift" at all, but a "falsehood" of a playful lackey. (2) The fact that the Lord gave the land of Jacob's father and grandfather to be given to Jacob and Jacob's descendants shows that Jacob's vision was very narrow and he only stayed in the circle of his own family, without any sense of going beyond the family. (3) The LORD gave not only the land to anyone outside of Jacob's family, but also to all animals and plants, so that our world could be enriched.

13. "35:13 Then God ascended from the place where he had spoken with Jacob." : (1) This is all a "play on words" for the game minion, for Yahweh is invisible and omnipresent, like a radio signal. "The true law, the sun and the moon shine, without shadow or trace" (the English language may not accurately portray this, but only roughly understand it). (2) Jacob was a satanic devil, would Yahweh have come down from heaven specifically to teach him alone? No way. (3) Let's look at what the LORD said to Jacob. They are all self-serving words, indicating a "satanic devil" who is the opposite of the righteous "Jehovah". (4) From the place where he spoke to Jacob he ascended, not the true LORD at all, but a satanic devil in the guise of LORD.

14. "35:14 Then Jacob set up a pillar of stone there, and laid wine and poured oil on the pillar." : (1) The original meaning of Jehovah is telling everyone that this is wrong, for Jehovah does not drink wine or oil. Such a text was not really understood by the few literate "scribes" of antiquity, but went straight to the letter, thus giving rise to the "Jewish priesthood and Judaism". (2) After becoming the Christ, Jesus knew that this was Jehovah's way of reasoning with the world by "thinking backwards", not by following the scriptures as Judaism did, and that anyone who followed the scriptures was a devil-possessed lackey, so Jesus rebuked the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes, blind leaders". This caused panic in Judaism, which crucified Jesus. (3) Only those who continue to expose Judaism as a devilish group are "true Christians", and any "Christian" who does not expose Judaism as a devilish group is a devil who comes from within under the guise of Christianity to corrupt it.
35:15 Then Jacob called the name of the place Bethel.

Genesis 35 Rachel dies giving birth to a son (35:16-27)
35:16 And when they had started from Bethel, they were still a little way from Ephraim, and Rachel was in great trouble in childbirth.
35:17 In the midst of her difficulties, the midwife said to her, "Don't be afraid; you are going to have another son."
35:18 When she was near death, and her soul was going away, she named her son Benoni, but his father named him Benjamin.
35:19 And Rachel died and was buried by the way of Ephatha; and Ephatha was Bethlehem.
20. "35:20 And Jacob set up a monument of unity over her grave, Rachel's tombstone, which is still standing today." : (1) 30:1 When Rachel saw that she did not give Jacob a son, she was jealous of her sister. (2) It was clear that Jacob had deceived her father Laban, and Rachel said, "31:15 Rachel and Leah answered Jacob, saying, Are we not treated by him as outsiders? For he has sold us and swallowed up our value.31:16 All the goods that God has taken from our father, that is ours and our children's." (3) 31:19 At that time Laban had gone to shear sheep, and Rachel had stolen the idols from her father's house. (4) 31:35 Rachel said to her father, "Now I am not able to rise up before you because of the inconvenience in my body; ask my Lord not to be angry." In this way Laban searched for the idol, but did not find it. (5) Do you understand the woman "Rachel"? The preceding words are the true meaning of "Rachel's tombstone, which is still standing today".

35:21 And Israel went up and pitched their tents on the other side of Ededom.
22. "35:22 While Israel was living in the land, Lupin went and slept with his father's concubine Pella, and Israel heard him. And Jacob had twelve sons." (1) "Lupin went and slept with his father's concubine Pulah" is not a rumour, but even Israel heard "the sound of Lupin making love to Pulah", which means that this was something known to his family. But "Israel" did not dare to do anything to "Lupin the son", because "Israel" knew that "Lupin the son "If "Israel" had dared to disturb "son Lupin", "son Lupin" might have killed him. (2) Do you see? The devil's family is like this. They show the beastly nature of the beast and have no "human morality or simple goodness" at all. (3) This is Jehovah speaking of the scandal of the Jewish prophet "Israel" whose son had committed adultery with his wife. "Israel, faced with the adultery of his son and his wife, became a "shrinking violet" and did not dare to spoil the "good deed of his son and his wife". This is the devil's nature of "bullying the weak and fearing the hard", and the "weakness of the flesh and the strength of the beast", without any human morality of "father's kindness and son's filial piety". (4) "Jacob had twelve sons," but was there not one son who was dear to "Israel's" heart? "Did Israel not have a good son who could "straighten out the family" for him? The fact that he did not convene a family meeting to condemn the treachery of "Lupin and Pella" shows that "Israel" was alone and helpless. (5) Therefore, all those who praise "Israel" and claim to be "Israel" are shameless animals, not sane and sober human beings with "human morals". They are not sane and sober human beings.

35:23 And Leah bore Lupin, the firstborn of Jacob, and Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun.
35:24 And Rachel's children were Joseph and Benjamin.
35:25 And the children of Pella, Rachel's ambassador, were Dan and Naphtali.
35:26 And the children of Zephanah, the envoy of Leah, were Gad and Asher. These were the sons of Jacob born in Padan-aram.
35:27 And Jacob came to his father Isaac, to the mantle of Kiriath Arba, where Abraham and Isaac were staying; and Kiriath Arba was Hebron.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 35 The End of Isaac's Life (35:28-29)
28, "35:28 Isaac lived a total of one hundred and eighty years." (1) This is Yahweh's "ecstasy", the "test" of "normal people and lackeys", and if you believe it, you lose your normal status and become a devil-possessed If you believe it, you are disqualified from being a normal person and become a demon-possessed minion. (2) A demon like Isaac would have been lucky to live to 80 years of age. To live to 180 years is against human science and is untenable nonsense.
35:29 When Isaac was old and satisfied with his days, he died of exhaustion and returned to his fathers. His two sons, Esau and Jacob, buried him.

(1) Many people do not know what "Satan the devil" is, or what "Israel" really is. It's okay, but look a few chapters ahead from here, and copy down the text of what Jacob did, and tally up what Jacob said and did, and you'll know what "Satan the devil and Israel" are. (2) This is the form in which the LORD reveals the truth to the world. This is an extremely narrow-minded way of thinking, but you must have the wisdom to recognise "word games". Otherwise, they will be misled by words and become "scribes who pretend to be good, blind men with no ears and blind leaders".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 4 September 2017 11:00am 9 Sep 19:06 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






