Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 18 Teaching through Abram
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 18 Abraham receives the angel (18:1-8)
1. "18:1 And the LORD appeared to Abraham at the oak of Mantle. It was hot, and Abraham was sitting at the door of the tent": (1) The Lord "appeared to Abraham", not specifically to edify "Abraham" alone, but by means of " It was a game to teach the people of the world, so that they might increase their knowledge, grow in wisdom, stay away from foolishness and avoid being misled by Satan to serve the sentence of hell. (2) "Abraham" is just a "teaching tool" to interpret the teachings of Yahweh, if you take him as "God's favourite, a prophet", you will become If you think of him as a "favourite of God and a prophet", you will become a beast "of Satan's time".

2. "18:2 And lifting up his eyes, he saw three men standing on the other side. When he saw them, he ran from the door of the tent to meet them, and fell on his face": (1) The Lord's creatures are the parents of men. In the presence of a "high and holy idol", people would "fall to the ground" out of respect for the miraculous power of the "idol". (2) The fact that people do not "fall to the ground" when they see their parents, but "fall to the ground" when they see Yahweh, means that Yahweh is a "high and holy idol". If Yahweh was not a "high and holy idol", you would not have "fallen to the ground". (3) The LORD does not want people to "bow down" when they see him, but to become righteous people like "Cain, Noah, Nimrod and Jesus", who are the expression of the LORD's teaching in the world and who are loved by the LORD. They are the sons of God who are loved by the LORD. In short, Yahweh wants people to be "righteous and Christ-like", to be models of Yahweh's teaching on earth and to be with Yahweh for eternity in the Kingdom of Heaven. (4) Instead of being righteous men like "Cain, Noah, Nimrod and Jesus", and not being able to demonstrate the LORD's teaching in the world, people in the world become ignorant "antagonists" like "Abraham". "You will not be loved by Yahweh even if you "fall to the ground" and bang your head on the ground.

3. "18:3 Say, "My Lord, if I have found favour in your sight, do not leave your servant and go forward": (1) "If I have found favour in your sight", this is a lack of confidence that I have already been "blessed". Is this true? (2) "I beg you not to go away from your servant" is all a "begging God" full of delusional thinking and a pathetic servant's look, without the warm "father-son love" of the Son of God (Christ) seeing his Father. (3) Calling Jehovah the Lord (3) Addressing Yahweh as "my Lord" (my Master) and positioning himself as a "servant" is the Jewish relationship between the demon king and the slave. (4) Abraham, you are not Yahweh's "servant", don't flatter yourself, you are not even as spiritual as Yahweh's dogs. "You are not as spiritual as Jehovah's dogs. It is the righteous men and Christ like Cain, Noah, Nimrod and Jesus who are considered to be Jehovah's "servants". Do you understand? Abraham was confused. (5) In fact, the relationship between Yahweh and man is that of "Father and Son, Mother and Son". It is only appropriate and sensible to treat the LORD as we treat our parents in our lives.

4. "18:4 Allow me to bring you some water, so that you may wash your feet and rest under the tree": (1) This is the kind of solicitude that a servant shows to his master. Have you done the same for your parents? (2) The LORD came from heaven in flight and would not have walked and thirsted like you. Do you know that, slave? (3) The LORD and the two angels came from heaven in flight and did not use their feet to walk long distances; their feet were not as dirty as yours, and they did not need to "wash their feet". Do you know this, slave? (4) The LORD and the two angels came from heaven in flight, and did not use their feet to go far, and did not have to "rest under a tree". Do you know, minion?

5. "18:5 I will bring you a little more bread, so that you may strengthen your hearts and go on your way. As you have come to the servants, so it is right that you should do. They said, "Do as you say!" (1) Remember, a "good servant" does not become Christ. (2) "I will bring you a little more bread, so that you may strengthen your hearts and go on" shows that Jehovah is not regarded as God at all, but as an ordinary man. This is a defamation of Jehovah's words and actions. (3) Abraham, you are not Jehovah's "servant", don't be self-righteous, you are not even as spiritual as Jehovah's dogs. "You are not as spiritual as the LORD's dogs. It is the righteous men and Christ like Cain, Noah, Nimrod and Jesus who are considered to be the LORD's "servants". Do you understand? Abraham was confused. (4) And the LORD said to them, "Do what you want to do.

(6) "18:6 And Abraham went into the tent with haste to Sarah, and said, Take three fine pieces of flour, and make bread": (1) Fine: a unit of solid volume, one fine piece of flour is 7.3 litres, which is 1.61 gallons. The second is 14.6 litres. (2) Abraham instructed Sarah, his wife, to go and fetch three "fine yahs", se'im (about 22 litres) of fine flour for making bread.

7. "18:7 And Abraham ran to the herd, and took a young and good calf, and gave it to his servant, who hastened to prepare it": (1) And he took a young and good calf, and gave it to his servant to kill it. (2) The servant hastened to prepare "the meat of the calf".

8. "18:8 And Abraham took the cream and the milk and the prepared calf, and set them before him, and stood by himself under the tree, and they ate": (1) And the LORD and they ate "bread, and cream, and milk, and the flesh of the calf". (2) In fact, they did not actually eat it in their stomachs. They were deceiving Abraham into thinking that Jehovah was eating the same food and meat as ordinary people. (3) Angels are ordinary people in the world and will eat and eat meat just like ordinary people, only you do not have the discerning eyes to know their true identity.

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 18 The Promise of a Son to Sarah (18:9-19)
9. "18:9 And they asked Abraham, saying, Where is Sarah your wife? He said, "In the tent": (1) When Abraham saw the LORD, he did not tell him that the whole family had been "circumcised". Why did he not ask the LORD if it was considered "circumcision" when none of their family was circumcised "on the eighth day of their birth"? Although they were circumcised, they were not circumcised on the "eighth day of their life" as the LORD had said, so would this be considered a failure to keep the covenant? So, this shows that Abraham was a lovely fool. All of you have not thought of this, and you are just as lovable and confused as Abraham. (2) The fact that Yahweh did not mention the "circumcision" to Abraham again shows that this was a "test" that Yahweh had left for posterity to think about, and not a farce for Abraham to do. Any of you who overlooked this detail must have thought that Yahweh had really "circumcised" the manhood and would have taken the "circumcision" of the Jewish priests to be a "circumcision". (3) The LORD did not make the earth to teach only one Abraham, but to teach all nations. The LORD flew to Abraham and will fly to other "Edens".

10. "18:10 And one of the three said, "By this time next year I will return to you, and Sarah your wife will bear a son. And Sarah heard this at the door of the tent behind the man": (1) This was deliberate for "Sarah at the door of the tent" to hear. (2) The angel wanted to know what she thought about this.

11. "18:11 Abraham and Sarah were old, and Sarah's menstruation had been cut off": (1) Abraham and Sarah were no longer fertile. By allowing them, who were fertile, to have children, we are stating that it is not up to man to have children, but up to the LORD. (2) The LORD is the giver of life, and no one is free to abort and miscarry the life that the LORD has given. Whoever aborts and miscarries a life given by the LORD will be punished. (3) A woman who has an abortion will have many diseases, all of which are manifestations of the baby she has killed punishing her in her body. (4) Only Christ, like Jesus, can keep a baby from its mother. If the woman who has had an abortion meets a Christ who is not like Jesus, she will not be able to resolve her enmity with the baby and will not be able to remove the various illnesses she has as a result of the abortion.

12. "18:12 And Sarah laughed in her heart, saying, How can this joy come to me, since I am decrepit, and my Lord is old?" : (1) "Sarah laughed in her heart" is looking at things from the perspective of the common man. (2) The common man does not know that the Lord is merely using human flesh to bring into being the characters he needs to be born into the world. (3) It is not the will and condition of man that determines what personage is to be born into the world, but the will of Yahweh. (4) Whenever Yahweh wants any person to be born in the world, he can make a child out of a centurion who is incapable of bearing children.

13. "18:13 And the LORD said to Abraham, Why did Sarah laugh secretly, saying, Am I really able to bear children, since I am old?" (1) The LORD knew what "Sarah was laughing in her heart and saying", which is the power of "his heart", that is, he knew what was in the hearts of others. (2) Not only did Jehovah have this kind of power, but Christ and Satan also had this kind of power. (3) Many people who are possessed by Satan have this kind of power. The devil uses the magical powers to gain people's trust and later to promote the devil's indoctrination more convincingly, so that more people become selfish, narrow-minded, ignorant minions (servants). (4) Christ seldom demonstrated miraculous powers, but only spoke the truth, leaving people to think and provoking them to grow in wisdom. (5) Christ's indoctrination is to elevate people from Christians to Christ who has "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass". Satan's indoctrination is to make men "obedient, respectful and trembling" servants to them.

14. "18:14 Is there anything difficult for the LORD to do? At the end of the day, at this time next year, I will return to you, and Sarah will give birth to a son": (1) It is not a difficult thing for the LORD to do that "Sarah will give birth to a son". (2) But the LORD is not omnipotent, and there are "hard things" that the LORD can do. For example, the LORD could enable Abram to defeat the "four kings" with 318 men, but he could not enable Abram to unite the territories of the "nine kings" and become the king of a great nation. (3) Neither can the LORD make all men righteous with Christ, nor can he control men to become the servants of Satan.

15. "18:15 Then Sarah was afraid, and denied it, and said, I did not laugh. And the One said, "Otherwise, indeed, you have laughed": (1) When Sarah heard that the LORD had spoken her heart, she was afraid, and thought, "How does he know what is in my heart", and was afraid to confess that she had said it. She said, "I did not secretly laugh at what the LORD said about giving me a child. (2) And the angel reminded her, saying, "Otherwise, you really were laughing in your heart just now.

16. "18:16 Then the three of them started from there and looked toward Sodom, and Abraham went with them to give them a ride": (1) The LORD and the three of them started from "Abraham" and "looked toward Sodom", that is, in the direction of the little country of "Sodom". (2) Abraham also went with them to give them a ride, without saying anything about the family not being circumcised on the "eighth day of their birth". (3) For those of you who read the True Exposition of Genesis, if you were "Abraham", would you tell the Lord that your family was not circumcised on the "eighth day of your life"? If you also do not talk to "Abraham" about "circumcision", you are just as cute and confused as "Abraham" and you can only be self-righteous! You are only "servants of the LORD" and will not be approved by the LORD at all.

17. "18:17 And the LORD said, "Shall I hide from Abraham what I am going to do": (1) This is a deliberate exaggeration by the LORD to let Abraham know that the LORD will let him know something. (2) It shows that Jehovah did not despise Abraham as a "servant" and made Abraham feel that he was very dear and approachable. (3) The LORD did not hide what he wanted to do from Abraham, though he did not even do the right thing by giving him an account. (3) It is also the LORD who warns us not to learn from those wrong practices of Abraham.

18. "18:18 And Abraham shall be a mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed through him": (1) Does Abraham laugh bitterly? Does he know that he has lost the opportunity to "become a mighty nation" forever? (2) How can he make "all the nations of the earth blessed through him" when he himself has not "become a mighty nation"? (3) From "Abram" to "Abraham", he did many things wrong. If you can find these faults and avoid them, you can "become a mighty nation". You "become a mighty nation". If you "become a mighty nation" and become the most influential king of the nations, then "all the nations of the earth will be blessed through you". You have "become a mighty nation" by learning from Abraham, who is the cornerstone of your "mighty nation". (4) Although Abraham did not "become a mighty nation", you have "become a mighty nation" on the basis of Abraham, which means that "Abraham shall become a mighty nation". and all the nations of the earth will be blessed through him.

19. "18:19 I have favoured him, that he might command his sons and his household to keep my word and to do justice, that all my words which I promised Abraham might be fulfilled": (1) I favoured Abraham, not because he was "God's favourite". Only when we know what Abraham did not do right can we know what "my ways and my righteousness" are, and only then can we "keep my ways and do justice". and do righteousness". (2) I looked upon Abraham with favour, so that Abraham might know what he had not done well, and that he might command his sons and his dependents not to follow his example, but that his descendants should learn from his example, not to make the same mistakes he had made, and to know what "my ways and my righteousness" are, so that they might "keep my ways and do justice". (2) We must learn from his mistakes and know what "my ways and my righteousness" are so that we can "keep my ways and do justice". (3) Through Abraham's mistakes, you will know what "my ways and my righteousness" are, and if you "keep my ways and do justice", your country will "become a strong nation "and all that I have promised Abraham will be fulfilled.

Genesis 18 God will destroy Sodom and Gomorrah (18:20-21)
20. "18:20 And the LORD said, "The iniquity of Sodom and Gomorrah is very great, and the voice of the Lord is heard of me": (1) "The constant patience of God" This is what the devil says, for not only does God not have "constant patience God has not only no "constant patience", but he has arranged for angels to record any faults on any given day and to settle them according to the principle of "merit and demerit". God was so petty as to establish the cosmic rule of "whose karma is to blame". (2) The people of Sodom and Gomorrah were compelled by the demon of lust to become demons of high lust, and their sins against human morality were very serious. Their iniquity was heard in heaven, and was made known to me.

21. "18:21 Now I will go down and see if they have done all that they have done, as the voice which has reached my ears? If not, I will know": (1) I will now go down to "Sodom and Gomorrah" to see for myself what they have done, and to verify whether the evil voice I heard in heaven is true. (2) In fact, if I had not gone to the field, I would have known, for the Lord has not only sent many angels on earth, but also has the eyes of heaven to see the world of men. (3) Every mountain, every village, city, and river has an angel sent by the LORD to have jurisdiction over it.

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 18 Abraham's Prayer for Sodom (18:22-33)
22. "18:22 And they turned away from there and went to Sodom, but Abraham remained standing before the LORD": (1) The two angels turned away from there and went to "Sodom" where there was the sin of homosexual adultery. (2) But Abraham still stood before the LORD, and this was the LORD's way of giving Abraham the time and opportunity to ask questions, to see if he had anything to say. For example, although the family was "circumcised", it was not done on the "eighth day of life", so could this be considered "circumcision". (2) Abraham, as the "executive officer" of the LORD's education, did not write a "report" when he saw the LORD, can such a fool be a person trusted by the LORD? (3) When he saw Yahweh, Abraham did not verify the "rightness or wrongness" of what he had done and did not worry about whether he had accurately passed on Yahweh's teachings, which shows that he was a very rash, reckless and arbitrary person. (4) This shows that Abraham was really a "negative figure" provided by Yahweh for all of us, and that we should not follow his example, for his thinking, words and deeds were irrational and incorrect.

23. "18:23 And Abraham came near and said, "Do you want to destroy good and evil? (2) It is the wicked who are to be exterminated and the good who are to be left behind, no matter what. Those who die are those who deserve to die. Those who do not deserve to die cannot die.

24. "18:24 If there were fifty righteous people in the city, would you still destroy the place? (1) If there were fifty righteous men in the city, would you have destroyed the wicked in that place? (2) Do not forgive the wicked in the city for the sake of the fifty righteous in the city, but forgive the rest of the wicked in the city.

25. "18:25 It is not for you to kill the righteous with the wicked, and to treat the righteous with the wicked. Will not the Lord, who judges the whole earth, do righteousness?" (1) Killing the wicked and leaving the righteous behind is "doing justice". (2) To treat the righteous the same as the wicked is not "doing justice", it is not distinguishing between right and wrong, or between truth and falsehood.

26. "18:26 If I had seen fifty righteous men in the city of Sodom, I would have forgiven all the people of that place for their sakes, says the LORD": (1) If I had seen fifty righteous men in the city of Sodom, I would have forgiven all the wicked people of that place for their sakes. (2) It shows that the LORD knew that there were not fifty righteous people there.

27. "18:27 And Abraham said, Though I am dust, I dare to speak to the Lord": (1) Because the LORD deliberately leaves you time and opportunity to speak and to ask the questions you need to ask, to save you from making excuses later for not having the opportunity to verify the rightness or wrongness of what you have done. (2) Abraham did not know whether he was right or wrong, but he "prayed for Sodom", which is a boundless lack of self-awareness. We must not learn from Abraham's "false compassion". (3) The Lord must have a reason for what he is going to do. You are a foolish old man to be "praying for Sodom" when you are such a "dusty man".

18:28 If five of these fifty righteous men are short, will you destroy the whole city because of the shortage of five?" He said, "If I see forty-five there, I will not destroy the city."
18:29 Then Abraham said to him, "What if I had seen forty there?" And he said, "For the sake of these forty, neither will I do this."
18:30 And Abraham said to him, "Let the Lord not be angry, but let me say, "What if I had seen thirty there?" He said, "If I see thirty there, I will not do this."
18:31 And Abraham said, "How dare I speak to the Lord, if I see twenty there?" And he said, "For the sake of these twenty, neither will I destroy that city."
18:32 Abraham said, "Pray the Lord, do not be angry; I will say again this time, what if I see ten there?" And he said, "For the sake of these ten, neither will I destroy that city."
33. "18:33 And when the Lord had finished speaking with Abraham, he went away; and Abraham returned to his own place": (1) Do you see what I mean? Abraham's "words and false compassion" were meaningless, in fact, they were a display of pedantry, or a fit of insanity. (2) Although Abraham's whole family was "circumcised", it was not done on the "eighth day of his life". He did not verify it after seeing the LORD. The LORD himself came to his house in order to correct his mistake, leaving him plenty of time to ask him how he had "circumcised the skin of the manhood". Abraham did not say a word about the "circumcision", but said a lot of meaningless things to show his "false compassion". (3) Abraham was a representative of all kinds of bad habits. The LORD let all kinds of bad habits be shown in Abraham in order to warn us not to follow Abraham's example, not to become a "second Abraham", not to fail the LORD's heart.

(1) In a village there was a notorious corrupt official who made everyone in the village feel resentful, and it was through this corrupt official that everyone learned what "falsehood and ugliness" were and therefore looked forward to "true goodness". "This is why it is necessary to have "corrupt officials and bad people". If there were no "corrupt officials and bad people", we would not know what it means to be "impartial, upright, kind and have a clear conscience", and we would not have the ability to distinguish between right and wrong. In order for people to be wise and become "Christ with eyes like a flame", there must be vile and shameless "corrupt officials and bad people". If there are no vile and shameless "corrupt officials" and if you do not resent the vile and shameless "corrupt officials", you will not be able to become "Christ with eyes like a flame". Therefore, human society cannot do without "corrupt officials, bad people and clowns". In fact, human society is never short of "corrupt officials, bad people and clowns", and it is only with them that we have the wisdom to know right from wrong. (2) Abraham is the "opposite" of "corrupt officials, villains and clowns", and by daring to criticise his words and actions, we have revealed the "Christ with eyes like a flame". image. This is why Jehovah left the man "Abraham" in the Book of Genesis. (3) We must not learn from the words and deeds of "Abraham", but we must know that his words and deeds are not right before we do so.

Li Huaizhu Published on 26 Aug 2017 19:34 27 17:18 PM Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei


 ()



