Bible Old Testament, 10th Psalm, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Judgement of the slanderers against the "Davidic" preachers1
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

I. Explanatory notes: Some of the quotations below are from the original text of the Bible, and some are from the "spiritual version" of the explanation. The answers are basically those of my disciple, Yuan Mingdi Zi (Yuan Jishun), and the more detailed parts of the explanation are edited by me.
Summary: "Both David and the people of Israel sinned" because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king of Israel without the approval of the "priests") they let the "kingship (The elders of Israel anointed David as king over Israel without the approval of the "priests") and let the "kingship" replace the "unity of church and state" of the priests, so that in the eyes of the "priests and Satan" "David and the people of Israel sinned". (2) The "priests" would not tolerate the fact that "every king" would place the security of his nation on military power and economic prosperity rather than on God. (3) The "priests and Satan" punished their whole tribe through David because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king of Israel without the approval of the "priests"), allowing the "kingship" to replace the "priesthood". The "kingly system" replaced the "unity of church and state" of the priests. (4) David "became" a representative of the pride of the whole nation because David replaced the "priests" with his own personality as the leader of Israel. Hence the slander and abuse of David by the "priests" (preachers) in this article.
(5) The "priests" (Jewish preachers) mentioned in this article were all criminals in hell, for they slandered and slandered people under the guise of "Jehovah", and their names were: "Abinadab "Abinadab" and his two sons "Uzzah and Ahijah", Nadab, Zadok and Gad.

The elders of Israel all came to Hebron to see King David, and David made a covenant with them before the Lord in Hebron, and they anointed David to be king over Israel. "The "priests" of course resented the "seizure of power" by the king. .]
2, 6:3 They carried the ark of the covenant out of the house of Abinadab on the hill and put it on a new cart. "The two sons of Abinadab, Uzzah and Ahijah, drove the new chariot. [The succession of the "priests" is the opposite of "no kin in heaven", there is no righteousness or justice in the world.
3. 6:6-7 When he came to the harvest field at Nabon, because the ox had lost its hoof, Uzzah reached out and took hold of the ark of the covenant of God. The Lord of God was angry with Uzzah and struck him dead for this mistake, and he died by the ark of the covenant. [The "priests" were slaughtering people and blaming God in order to make people fear God and listen to their "priests"].
4. 7:4-5 That night the word of the LORD came to Nathan, saying, "Go and tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD'. [The "priests" who came before and after him were compelling and blackmailing the king and deceiving him.
5. 11:2-3 And it came to pass on a day when the sun was flat in the west, that David rose from his bed, and promenaded on the flat roof of the king's palace, and saw a woman bathing, and her appearance was very beautiful. So David sent for someone to inquire who the woman was. They said, "She is Bathsheba the wife of Uriah the Hittite, the daughter of Eliam. (1) Could the woman be seen bathing in the courtyard on the flat roof of the palace when the sun was flat in the west? Could you see "a beautiful face"? Did all the Israelites have "walls" in their houses at that time? Even if there were "walls", would nudes be bathed in broad daylight? (2) A normal person with a little bit of thinking would have known that this was a lie used by the "priests" to slander and defame "David". There was no such thing as "Uriah and Bathsheba"].
6. 11:4 David sent for the woman and brought her to him. It was then that she was cleansed from menstruation. (She was Bathsheba, the wife of Uriah the Hittite, the daughter of Eliam.) When she came, David took her into his room, and she went home. [This was a lie by the "priests" to scandalize, slander, and abuse "David".

7. 12:15 So Nathan went home. The LORD struck the child born to David by Uriah's wife, and made him seriously ill. (1) Nathan, the priest, told the LORD to kill the child born to David by Uriah's wife because Bathsheba's husband was away on official business. (1) The priest "Nathan" told "Jehovah" to kill "the child born to David by Uriah's wife" because "Bathsheba's husband was away on official business and it was not lawful for David to "commit adultery and have a son"; instead of punishing the culprit "David", "Jehovah" killed The "LORD" did not punish the culprit "David" but killed the "illegitimate son". (2) This is the devil abusing the LORD for his injustice! Instead, "Nathan the priest" became a figure of justice and righteousness, and this was a farce of the devil's "concealment".
8. 12:24 And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and slept with her. And she gave birth to a son, and called his name Solomon. And the LORD loved him, and gave him a name, Jedidiah, through Nathan the prophet, because the LORD loved him. (1) David was allowed to "use his power for personal gain" to kill "Uriah", a loyal servant to his country, and to take "Uriah's" wife, so that the new child would be a legitimate "prince". The child was a legitimate "prince". "The Lord also loved the prince and gave him a name called Jedidiah". (2) This is the event that led the devil to call David and Jehovah out through Nathan! This is the Jewish "prophet" priest, the preacher! (3) "Solomon" was born of "Ashkenazim" a Jezreelite].
9, 21:1 And there was a famine in the days of David, three years in a row, and David asked the LORD. And the LORD said, "This famine is because of Saul and his house of shedding human blood, which killed the Gibeonites. (1) "Saul" was a former king. How could he have been punished for killing himself, and how could he have been punished for David and the people? Such a lie would have been believed by the "priest" simply because the "priest" was a "servant of the Lord". (2) Can "Western science" admit that the "Gibeonites" killed seven descendants of "Saul" and relieved the "famine"? (2) Can "Western science" admit this? (3) The real reason for this lie and the killing of the seven descendants of Saul was that Saul had offended the priest Samuel, and the succeeding "priests" had to pay for the death of Saul's descendants. Saul had offended the priest Samuel, and all the subsequent "priests" wanted to avenge Samuel's death. The "priests" were really the personification of the devil who eats people.

10. 22:1 In the day when the LORD delivered David from all his enemies and from the hand of Saul, he recited this psalm to the LORD. It was not written by David, but by a "priest" (Jewish preacher) of about 40 years old, who was inspired by a 20,000 year old black dragon. The "priests" (missionaries) imposed it on David. David knew it was his own decision making decisiveness that decided his fate].
11, 22:9-12 And smoke came up from his nostrils, and fire burned from his mouth, and even coals were burned. And he caused the heavens to fall, and he himself descended, and a black cloud was under his feet. He flew on the cherubim, and appeared on the wings of the wind. He made the darkness and the gathering waters and the thick clouds of the sky his palace around him. [Does this not portray "Yahweh" as a demon? What kind of demon is this psalm written by? Answer: (1) It is a psalm written by a 20,000 year old black dragon who asked the "priests" (missionaries) to write it. (2) Westerners only know about "relativity", but do not know that "relativity" is actually the Chinese "theory of yin and yang". Westerners do not know that the "black clouds, darkness and gathering water, and thick clouds in the sky" of the feminine nature are all images of the "Satanic demons" which are the opposite of the "Gods and Buddhas", so they do not have No one in the West without a "discerning eye" would have thought that this was the devil "painting" himself. "Satanic devices like this abound in "Lamaism", which depicts animals as demons after they have become spirit.
12. 23:15-17 "David was thirsty and said, "I wish someone would bring me water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem to drink. So the three warriors broke through the camp of the Philistines and drew water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem, and brought it to David. But he refused to drink it, and laid it down before the LORD, saying, "O LORD, these three men have risked death to draw water, and the water is like their blood; I dare not drink it". (1) This is the "priests" scolding David for his insanity. (2) "David", why did you ask these three men to fetch water from the well if you were afraid to drink it? Aren't you being "hypocritical"? (3) "David and Jehovah" are both tools used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) to promote their "divine powers and access to God". The "kings of the ages and Jehovah" were used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) as a tool to promote their "divine power and access to God". Without these two "tools", the "priests" (Jewish preachers) were worthless rogues, reviled by everyone, and no one would fear them at all.
13. 24:11-12 And when David arose in the morning, the word of the LORD came to Gad the prophet, David's foresight, saying, Go and tell David, saying, Thus says the LORD: I have three plagues; choose one of them, that I may send it to you. [The "priests" were demons who were possessed by the devil and spoke mean and evil words].
14, 24:25 David built an altar there for the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD listened to what the nation asked, and the plague was stopped among the Israelites. Do you see what I mean? The "priests" kidnapped the "LORD and the king" so that the "LORD and the king" would become the "priests'" puppets to do their job. The "priests" kidnap "Jehovah and the king" and make "Jehovah and the king" the puppets of the "priests" for the purpose of being "pope.

4. How many years ago was the book of 2 Samuel written? How old was the author? What did he do for a living? Answer: 860 years ago. 50 years old. He was a "priest" over the law.

2 Samuel 1: David hears the bad news about Mount Gilboa (1:1-16)
10-1:1, "1:1 After the death of Saul, David returned from slaying the Amalekites and stayed in Ziklag for two days": Q. Is this true? "1:2 On the third day a man came out of Saul's camp, with his clothes torn and his head covered with dust, and came to David and bowed down before him": Q: Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-1:9, "1:9 Come and kill me, for pain has taken hold of me, and my life remains": Q: Is this what "Saul" said? "1:10 And I knew that he would not live when he fell, so I went and killed him, and brought the crown from his head and the bracelets from his arm to my Lord": Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) It was not "Saul" who said it, it was a lie. (2) It was a lie. He stole the "crown from Saul's camp".
10-1:11, "1:11 So David tore his clothes, and so did those who followed him. 1:12 And he mourned and wept and fasted into the night, because Saul and Jonathan his son and the LORD's people, the house of Israel, had fallen by the sword", Q. Is this true? Why did they "tear their clothes"? Answer: The reason for not eating was that they did not have an appetite because they had mourned too much for those who had died. The "tearing of clothes" is an expression of anger at the killing.

10-1:13, "1:13 David asked the young man who reported the news, "Where are you from? He said, "I am the son of a guest of Amalek": "Is that so? "1:14 And David said, How is it that you do not fear when you stretch out your hand to kill the LORD's anointed one?" : Q: Is that so? "1:15 And David said to him, Take upon yourself the guilt of shedding human blood, because you testify with your own mouth, saying, I have killed the LORD's anointed" : Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is. Is.
10-1:15-16, [Explanation of the "devotional version:] "1:15-16 Saul was David's enemy, and why did David still hold the man who killed the king guilty? Because he believed that God had anointed Saul as king and that only God could remove him from the throne", Q. Is this true? "It was God's work, not David's, to punish Saul for his sins", Q. Is this true? "We must know that God has set up rulers over us and that it is proper to respect their position", a much softer statement than the previous one (1 Samuel), which attacked "Saul", indicating that the high "priests" (priests, priests) were Is it true that the "priests" (priests and ministers) have a "double standard and two sides" and that they are right in whatever they say? Answer: (1) Because the wise "David" saw the flaw and knew that he was telling a lie. It was not at all true that "he believed that God had anointed Saul king, and that only God could remove him from the throne". (2) "It was God's work, not David's, to punish Saul for his sins", do you see? All the "priests" (priests and ministers) from ancient times to the present day think the same way, which means that they are all demons in the guise of "Christ". (3) The "priests" (priests and ministers) have always had a "double standard, two faces", they say whatever is right, they "cheat and steal" in accordance with the will of God.

2 Samuel 1: Lamentations for Saul and Jonathan (1:17-27)
10-1:17, "1:17 David made a song of lamentation for Saul and Jonathan his son, 1:18 and commanded that it should be taught to the men of Judah. The song is called the song of the bow, and it is written in the book of Jashael", Q: Is that so? "1:19 The song says, O Israel, your honoured one was slain on the mountain. 1:20 Do not report it in Gath, or preach it in the streets of Ashkelon; lest the women of Philistia rejoice, or the women of the uncircumcised boast. 1:21 O Mount Gilboa, may there be no rain for you there, and may there be no produce in your fields for an offering! For there the shield of the hero is defiled and cast away. The shield of Saul, as if it had not been anointed. John 1:22 The bow of Nathan will not retreat until the blood of his enemies is shed, and the sword of Saul will not withdraw until the oil of a warrior is cut off. 1:23 Saul and Jonathan loved each other while they lived, and will not be separated when they die. They were swifter than eagles and stronger than lions. 1:24 Cry out for Saul, O women of Israel! He has clothed you in vermilion, and adorned your garments with gold. 1:25 How could a hero fall in battle! 1:26 My brother Jonathan, I grieve for you! I am very glad for you! Your love for me is more wonderful than the love of a woman. 1:27 How could a hero fall! How could the instruments of war perish? Q: Did David write this? Answer: The first half was written by David and the second half by the author of 2 Samuel.
In 1 Samuel, the "priest" (priest, priest) portrays "Saul" as a "rebel against God", but here he is identified by "David" as a "rebel against God". The fact that "David" is identified as a "great hero" shows that "David and the priests" are two very different people. "Was David also slandered by the "priests" later on? Answer: Yes.

10-1:17-27, [Explanation of the "devotional version:] "1:17-27 Saul had caused David much suffering, but after his death and that of his sons, David continued to write songs of lamentation for them. David had good reason to hate Saul, but he did not resent or be angry, preferring to hide the evil and promote the good, admiring Saul's virtue and not caring about his attacks on him": (1) The attitude of "David" is the opposite of that of the "priests" (priests, ministers). (1) The attitude of "David" was the opposite of that of the "priests" (priests, ministers). (2) From "Samuel the priest", to the author of 1 Samuel, to the contributors to today's "devotional edition", there is not a single sentence in which they "They are all expressing their displeasure at Saul's disobedience to the "priests" (God), and not a word of disregard for Saul's disrespectful words to God. Answer: Yes.

2 Samuel 2: David is anointed king of Judah (2:1-7)
10-2:1, "2:1 And David asked the LORD, saying, Is it possible for me to go up to one of the cities of Judah? And the LORD said, Yes. And David said, What city shall I go up to? And the LORD said, "Go up to Hebron", asking, "Is that so? "Can David talk to the LORD across the sky at any time? Answer: "David" could not speak to "Yahweh" at any time. This is a claim that has been added by later generations in the light of history. In order to deify "Jehovah and David", the author of this article lied and committed a mortal sin by inducing future generations to lie under the guise of "Jehovah" as well.
10-9, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The death of Saul seemed to be the right time for him to reign, and he still asked God whether he should return to the land of Judah", Q. Is this so? "Even though at times the situation seemed obvious, before acting, he still asked God, who alone knew when the most appropriate time was", Q: Is this so? "God commanded David to return to Hebron, and soon the people of Judah would anoint him king there. He made Hebron his capital." Q: Is this true? Answer: The writings were written by the "priests" and the "spiritual explanations" were given by the "priests" descendants, the "priests and ministers". "So they all have the same tone of voice, they have to refer to "God" in everything because they (priests and pastors) are afraid that they will be forgotten and that they will not have the same prestige as God. (1) "David" was not a "priest" and could not "still ask God if he should return to the land of Judah", but only a "priest Only the "priests" would have done so, for the "priests" were instruments of possession by the "gods" (demons). (2) The wise "David" was not a demon-possessed "priest" and could not have "asked God even though the situation seemed obvious at times". (3) It was the suggestion and the fact that "David returned to Hebron", not that "God commanded David to return to Hebron". (4) When a lie is told in the name of God, no one questions it, so the "priests" are full of lies.
10-10. "David also brought up his followers and all their families, and they lived in the cities of Hebron. And the men of Judah came to Hebron, and there anointed David king over the house of Judah", Q. Is this so? "Treat your Lord Saul well, and bury him. May the LORD bless you. As you have done this, may the LORD treat you with love and honesty, and I will treat you well for it. Now that Saul your lord is dead, and the house of Judah has anointed me to be their king, be strong and courageous". Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-11. "Now Ishbosheth the son of Ner, Saul's marshal, had brought Ishbosheth the son of Saul across the river to Mahanaim, and had made him king over Gilgal, Ashuriah, Jezreel, Ephraim, Benjamin and all Israel". "And Ishbosheth the son of Saul was forty years old when he came to the throne, and he reigned over Israel two years; but the house of Judah came to David. And David reigned over the house of Judah in Hebron for seven years and six months", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-12. "Joab son of Zeruiah and David's servants also came out and met them by the pool of Gibeon. One class sat on this side of the pool and the other on the other side of the pool", Q: Is that so? "Twelve of the Benjamites who belonged to Ishbosheth the son of Saul went over, and twelve of David's servants went over. They took each other by the head and stabbed each other in the ribs, and fell down together". Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-13. "And the battle of that day was fierce, and the defeat of Daniel and the Israelites was before the servants of David", Q: Is that so? "And Asahel pursued after Beniur, and pursued him without turning aside", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-14. "And Achmed said to him, Turn either to the left or to the right, and take hold of a young man and strip him of his battle clothes", Q: Is that so? "Then said Daniel to Asahel, Turn away from pursuing me! Why should I kill you? If I kill you, what face will I have to meet your brother Joab?" And he asked, "Is that so? "Asahel still refused to turn away, so Daniel thrust his spear into his belly, even as it came out of his back. And there Asahel fell down and died. And when all the people came to the place where Asahel had fallen down and died, they all stood still" and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.
10-15, "And Daniel called to Joab, saying, Shall the sword kill forever? Do you not know that there will be suffering for a long time? When wilt thou call the people back, and not pursue the brethren?" , asking, Is this so? "And Joab said, I swear by the living God, if you do not speak the word of the jest, this morning the people will return and not pursue their brethren", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-16. "And Joab returned from chasing after Daniel, and gathered the people together, and saw that nineteen men and Asahel were missing from among David's servants. But David's servants had killed the Benjamites and those who were following Daniel, three hundred and sixty in all", Q: Is that so? "And the people sent Asahel to Bethlehem and buried him in his father's tomb. And Joab and those who followed him walked all night, and came to Hebron at daybreak." Q: Is that right? Answer: Not "three hundred and sixty", but fifty-nine. Yes.

10-17. "The house of Saul and the house of David fought for a long time, and the house of David grew stronger and the house of Saul weaker", Q. Is this true? "And David had several sons in Hebron: the firstborn, Hinnom, by Ahinoam the Jezreelite; the second, Gilead, by Abigail, the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; the third, Absalom, by Maacah the daughter of Dabai king of Kishkosh; and the fourth, Adonijah, by Adonijah king of Kishkosh. The fourth son, Adonijah, was born to Hagar; the fifth son, Shephatiah, was born to Abiathar; and the sixth son, Etzanim, was born to Eglah, the wife of David". Answer: Yes. Is.
10-18. "And when the house of Saul was at war with the house of David, Daniel had great power in the house of Saul", Q: Is that so? "One day Ishbosheth said to Bethel, "Why are you in bed with my father's concubine?" , asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-19, "And it came to pass that, because of the words of Ishbosheth, Bethel was very angry, saying, Am I the head of the dogs of Judah? I was kind to your father Saul's house and to his brothers and friends, and did not deliver you into David's hand, and today you rebuke me for this woman? If I do not do as the Lord swore to David, and dethrone Saul and establish David's throne, so that he may rule over Israel and Judah from Dan to Beersheba, may God punish me severely!" , ask: Is that so? "And Ishbosheth was too afraid of Daniel to answer a word", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-20, "And Daniel sent to David, and said for him, To whom shall this kingdom be? And he said, Make a covenant with me, and I will help you, and bring all Israel to you", Q: Is that so? "And David said, Yes! I will make a covenant with you. But one thing, when you come to meet me, you shall not see my face unless you bring Michal the daughter of Saul", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-21. "Then David sent to Ishbosheth the son of Saul, saying, "Return to me Michal my wife, whom I hired out of a hundred Philistines' hides. And Ishbosheth sent and fetched Michal from Pater, her husband, the son of Lazarus. And Michal's husband followed her, weeping as she went, until she came to Baudolim," and asked, "Is this so? "Then Daniel said to the elders of Israel, "Once you wanted David to be king over you, now you can do as your heart desires. For the LORD has spoken of David, saying, "By the hand of my servant David I will deliver my people Israel from the hand of the Philistines and from all their enemies". Answer: Yes. Is.
10-22, "With these words also did Daniel speak to the Benjamites. And he went to Hebron and spoke to David all the things that pleased the Israelites and the whole house of Benjamin", Q: Is that so? "And when Bethel came to David in Hebron with twenty men, David made a feast for Bethel and for the men whom he had brought with him", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-23. "And Joab said to David, "I will arise and gather all Israel to my lord and my king, and will make a covenant with you, and you may reign as your heart desires. "Joab and David's servants attacked the enemy and brought back much plunder", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-24, "Joab went to the king and said, "What are you doing? Why did you send him away and he disappeared? And thou shalt know that Bethuel the son of Ner came to swindle thee, that thou mightest know thy comings and goings, and all thy works", Q. Is this so? "And Joab went out from David, and sent after Benel, and overtook him at the well of Silas, and brought him back. But David did not know", Q. Is this so? "And it came to pass, when Daniel returned to Hebron, that Joab led him to the cave of the jar at the gate of the city, and pretended to speak with him in confidence, and there he pierced his belly, and he died. This was to avenge the murder of his brother Asahel." Q: Is this true? Answer: Yes. Yea. Is.
10-25, "When David heard it, he said, "The sin of shedding the blood of Daniel son of Ner will never come to me and to my kingdom before the LORD. May the sin of shedding his blood be on Joab's head and on all his father's house; and may there be continually in Joab's house those who suffer from leprosy, those who grow leprous, those who walk by the sword, and those who lack food and drink", Q. Is this so? "And Joab and Abishai his brother slew B'neiel because B'neiel slew Asahel their brother in the battle of Gibeon", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "And may the house of Joab continue to be plagued with leprosy, leprous, walking on sticks, killed by the sword, and lacking in food" are words added by the "priests", not by "David These words were added by the "priests", not by "David". (2) Yes.

10-26, "David commanded Joab and all the men who followed him, saying, "Tear your clothes, gird yourselves with sackcloth, and weep before the coffin of Daniel. King David also followed behind the coffin. They buried him in Hebron. And the king cried with a loud voice at the tomb of Daniel, and all the people wept", asking, "Is this so? "And the king lifted up his voice in mourning for Bethel, saying, How could Bethel die like a fool? Your hands are not bound, nor your feet chained; you die as a man dies under a sinful man. Then the people mourned again for Daniel" and asked, "Is this so? Answer: "Tear your clothes" was written by the "priests", not by "David". Yes.
10-27: "When the sun had not yet set, the people came and urged David to eat, but David swore, saying, "If I eat before the sun sets, or eat anything else, may God punish me severely!" , ask: Is that so? "And it came to pass on that day that all the people of Israel knew that it was not of the king's will that they should kill Bethuel the son of Ner", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-28, "And the king said to his servants, "Do you not know that a great man has died today among the Israelites, who was a marshal? Though I have been anointed king, I am still weak today. These two sons of Zeruiah are stronger than I. May the LORD repay him according to the evil that the wicked have done". Answer: Yes.
10-29. "When Ishbosheth the son of Saul heard that Bethel had died in Hebron, his hands went limp, and all Israel was terrified", Q: Is that so? "And Ishbosheth the son of Saul had two captains of the army: one Barnabas, and the other Lycaon, the son of Prometheus the Berean, of the tribe of Benjamin", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-30, "And Jonathan the son of Saul had a son named Mephibosheth, who was lame. He was five years old when the news of the death of Saul and Jonathan arrived from Jezreel. His nurse carried him and ran away, and because she ran so fast, the child fell to the ground and became lame", Q. Is this true? "And it came to pass on a day, that the two sons of Rejah and Barnabas, the sons of the Bereans, went, about the heat of the afternoon, to the house of Ishbosheth, who was taking his nap. They entered the house, and pretending to fetch wheat, they pierced Ishbosheth's belly and fled." Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-31. "When they entered the house, Ishbosheth was lying in his bed in his bedroom. They killed him, cut off his head, and walked all night with it in Arrabah", Q: Is that so? "And brought the head of Ishbosheth to King David at Hebron, saying, Saul, the king's enemy, had sought the king's life. Behold! This is the head of his son Ishbosheth, whom the LORD has today avenged on Saul and on his descendants for the sake of my lord and my king", Q: Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-32, "And David said to Rekah the son of the Bereans, and to Baanah his brother, I swear by the LORD, who has saved my life from all my afflictions, who lives forever: once it was reported to me, 'Saul is dead.' He thought he was reporting good news, and I took him and killed him in Zechariah, and it was a reward for him for reporting it. Moreover, if the wicked kill the righteous on his bed, will I not demand of you the sin of shedding his blood, and destroy you from the world?" , Q. Is that so? "And David commanded the young men to kill them, and to cut off their hands and feet, and to hang them by the pool of Hebron; but he buried the head of Ishbosheth in the tomb of Bethel in Hebron", Q. Is this so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes. "David killed two "rebellious slaves" as a warning to the wicked and unrighteous who were not faithful to their masters. "He buried the head of Ishbosheth in the tomb of Daniel in Hebron because they had been "king and subject" and had "died for their country" and should have died together. (3) This shows that "David" was very meticulous and knew what people could or could not be left behind, and was very knowledgeable. He was also educating his people through concrete examples.
10-33, "And all the tribes of Israel came to David in Hebron and said, "We are your flesh and blood. It was you who led the Israelites in and out of the land when Saul was our king", asking: Is this true? "The LORD has also promised you, saying, You shall shepherd my people Israel, and be king over Israel", Q. Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) "The LORD has also promised you", such words are the devil's demagoguery under the guise of "the LORD"; it is the devil's kidnapping of the name of "the LORD" in order to This is the devil's way of taking the name of "Yahweh" and "holding the Son of God hostage". This was a common Jewish tactic and rhetoric that Jesus would not tolerate, and this is why he was killed for rebelling against Judaism.
10-34, "David was thirty years old when he came to the throne, and he reigned forty years. He reigned seven years and six months as king of Judah in Hebron, and thirty-three years as king of Israel and Judah in Jerusalem", Q. Is this true? "And David and those who followed him came to Jerusalem to attack the Jebusites who lived in that place. And the Jebusites said to David, "Unless you drive out the blind and the lame, you shall not enter this place", Q. Is this so? "Whoever attacks the Jebusites, let him go up to the gutter against the cripple, the blind man, whom I hate in my heart", is this what David said? Does it mean to attack the city from the gutter? Answer: Yes. Yea. Yes.

10-35, [Explanation of the "Devotional Version":] "Although God had promised to give the kingdom of Israel to David many years before (1 Sam. 16:13), he did not become king over all Israel until he was thirty-seven years old, during which time he had to wait patiently for the fulfilment of God's promise ": Explanation: This is the Jewish demon brainwashing of "Christians", which is disgusting because the infinite exaggeration of the "fulfillment of God's promises" makes people respectful and superstitious "priests "(priests, pastors, missionaries). It is the offspring of the "priests" (priests, pastors, missionaries) who make people wait for the "fulfillment of the promises" spoken by the missionaries, showing that he is a liar who deceives with lies.
10-36, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "We have true peace and security only through God, but everything else is false security. Even if you have a lot of savings, a comfortable home or a stable career, no one can predict what will happen tomorrow. Our relationship with God is the only security that no one can take away from us": this is the demonic compulsion of today through "priests and pastors", because "Christians" only have authority if they fear God. Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) With "our relationship with God, our only guarantee", we become irredeemable slaves, because this is not "Christianity", it is "Jewish doctrine". This is what the evil god, the devil, wants, not what the right god, Jehovah, wants. (2) The Christianity that is prevalent in China is actually "Judaism" under the guise of Christianity, and they totally reject and vilify the sanctity of the native Chinese religion, which they call "idols, devils and Satan". Their doctrine is that only those who are merciful to the wicked will be blessed by God, because the Bible says that "Jesus was stoned by the devil in the wilderness and did not fight back" (in fact, it refers to the "picture of Jesus", because Jesus had the power to subdue the devil). (this is actually the "picture of Jesus" because Jesus had the power to subdue the devil), that it was the devil testing his goodness (being good to the devil means you are an accomplice of the devil) and that if you don't fight back against the evil one, you will be blessed to die and go to heaven. These are all ideas that make people surrender to the devil and let the devil get away with it, and they are all what the devil wants. If everyone did this, would the nation not perish?
10-37: "Hiram king of Tyre brought cedar wood to David, and sent messengers and carpenters and masons to build David a palace", Q. Is that so? "Then David knew that the LORD had established him as king over Israel, and had made his kingdom prosperous for his own people Israel", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) To give courtesy to the mighty is either adultery or theft. (2) "And David knew that the LORD had established him as king over Israel" is a lie told by the Jewish preachers to highlight the authority of the LORD so that they, the people, could "make a fool of themselves". It had nothing to do with David.

10-38, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "David knew that everything he had was given by God, and that to achieve great things, he had to have an intimate relationship with God, both personally and as a whole people. To do this, David had to restrain his ambition", Q. Is this true? "Although he had a great name, great success and great popularity, he still let God take precedence and served the people in his life according to God's will. Do you want to get help from God or from people to achieve great things? In your quest for success, remember to let God manage your ambitions", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) The Jewish missionaries not only kidnapped "Jehovah" but also "kings", making them act with Jehovah and become instruments of their own deification. (2) Those who "want to get help from God and achieve great things" are all end-of-the-road heroes and lackeys. Those who "do not depend on God, but want to get help from men and achieve great things" are all wise and powerful national elites who have built up their achievements. (3) When you "let God manage your ambitions", your own ambitions are delusions, for only the "ambitions of the Jewish missionaries" are your true ambitions.
10-39: "When the Philistines heard that David had been anointed king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David", Q. Is this true? "The Philistines came and scattered themselves in the Valley of Leviathan", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-40, "And David asked the LORD, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? Will you deliver them into my hand? And the LORD said, You may go up, and I will deliver the Philistines into your hand", Q: Is that so? "And David came to the heart of Barzilla, and smote the Philistines there, and said, The LORD broke through the enemy before me, as the waters rush away", Q. Is this so? Answer: (1) Such vile and shameless words are lies told by "Jewish preachers", for David was an ordinary man and did not have the power to speak with God. Besides, how could a just God take sides? How could such a trivial matter require the "LORD" to speak out? (2) "The LORD broke through my enemies before me as water washes away" is not a lie told by "David" at all, but by "Jewish preachers". The Old Testament is full of such lies, which is why Jesus resented "Judaism", the demonic group that kidnapped "Jehovah" and spread demonic heresies. The group.

10-41, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "How could David have received such a clear message from God? It is possible that through prayer the Holy Spirit told him to act, or that he asked God through the prophets. Most likely, he asked the high priest to ask God with Urim and Tumim". Answer: (1) The "clear message David received from God" was a lie from the "Jewish preachers" (priests, ministers). (2) "Prayer" can only lead to demonic possession. The "LORD" is the one who gives people the wisdom to know right from wrong and does not allow them to pray like a psychopath. (3) The devil is also the same as the "Holy Spirit" and the devil can tell him to act and it will kill him. (4) If you read the New Testament, you will know that the "prophets" in the Old Testament were "Jewish priests, preachers "(priests, ministers), all demon-possessed deceivers, all demons whom Jesus opposed. (5) "Asking the high priest to inquire of God with Urim and Tumin" are all faint-hearted rulers who have wrecked their countries and destroyed their families.
10-42, "The Philistines left the idols there, and David and those who followed him took them", Q. Is this so? "And David asked the LORD. And the LORD said, Do not go up all the way, but turn behind them, and attack them from the opposite side of the mulberry forest. When you hear the sound of footsteps on the tops of the mulberry trees, go forward with haste, for then the LORD has gone ahead of you to attack the Philistine army", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) It is all a lie of the "Jewish preachers" (priests, pastors). "David and those who followed him took away the idols that the Philistines had left there", is this not blaming David for worshipping "idols"? It was a Jewish rule not to worship "idols", did "David and his followers" not know that? (2) It was all a lie by the "Jewish preachers" (priests and ministers). If "the Lord had gone ahead of you to attack the Philistine army", David would have waited at home and not gone out to fight. How could such a childish and ridiculous lie not have angered the righteous Jesus? For it was all about the devil slandering and insulting Jehovah.

10-43, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "David fought every battle according to God's instructions. (1) he asked God whether he should go to war, (2) he followed God's instructions carefully, and (3) he gave glory to God". "We tend to ignore these steps when we fight, and often make mistakes. We will (1) act arbitrarily without asking God's will; (2) take matters into our own hands, not referring to the counsel of the Bible or following the advice of other wise men; (3) take glory for ourselves or give glory to others, without showing that we have received all help from God. All these practices are offensive to God", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) They are all lies of the "Jewish preachers" (priests, pastors) who slander "David and the LORD". "He asked God if he should go to war, carefully following God's instructions and giving glory to God", such a person can only be a "Jewish preacher" (priest, pastor), only a psychopath, not any normal soldier at all. (2) "It is not God who is offended by these practices", it is the "Jewish missionaries" (priests and ministers) who are offended, because you have a clear and rational mind and you have made the "Jewish priests" (priests and ministers) of the group (priests, pastors), a group of people who have no value at all.
10-44, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "After David came to the throne, he prepared to build a temple (under God's guidance, which would unite the nation in the faith and help to stop idolatry)", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "Preparing to build a temple" indicates that the "Jewish priests" (priests and ministers) were motivated. (2) The "building of the temple, under God's guidance" does not "help to stop idolatry" at all, but "does not help to stop idolatry, but rather highlights it". For only in this way did the "Jewish priests" (priests and ministers) have the facility and authority to compel people under the guise of God. (3) "Build the temple, and let men be led by God", which is clearly promoting "idolatry", but is understood to mean "Jehovah is not an idol", which is how the devil has taught men to This is the devil's way of teaching people how to "deceive themselves", and only those who have become "self-deceived" are qualified slaves.

10-45, "David got up and led the men who were following him to bring the ark of the covenant of God from Para Judah. This ark of the covenant was the ark of the covenant that sat in the name of the LORD of the ten thousand armies of the second cherubim", Q. Is this so? "And they carried the ark of the covenant of God out of the house of Abinadab on the Gom, and put it on a new cart. And Uzzah and Ahijor, the two sons of Abinadab, drove this new chariot", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) "The ark of the covenant, which sat in the name of the Lord of the ten thousand armies of the second cherubim" was a tool used by the "priests" for their own "sins through God and their falsehood". This was a claim by the "priests" to have David gradually hollowed out by the power of the "priests", and a manifestation of the "priests'" greed for "unity of church and state". This was a manifestation of the "priests'" greed for "unity of church and state". (2) The two sons of Abinadab, Uzzah and Ahijor, guarded the Ark of the Covenant, which indicates that the "priests" were of the same school of thought as the Chinese Taoists This shows that the "priesthood" is the same as the Chinese Taoist school of righteousness, where "sons and grandsons pass on to one another", which is "a selfish and narrow-minded demonic way", and is the opposite of "the way of heaven has no relatives".
10-46: "And David and all the house of Israel made music and danced before the Lord with every kind of musical instrument made of pine, with lyres, and thurs, and drums, and cymbals, and gongs". "And when they came to the harvest field of Nabon, because the ox had lost its hoof, Uzzah stretched out his hand to hold the ark of the covenant of God. And the Lord God was angry with Uzzah and struck him down for this error, and he died by the ark of the covenant of God". Answer: (1) It was the "priests" who were deceiving the king by "dancing and making merry before the LORD". (2) It was not "God, Jehovah, was angry with Uzzah", it was the "priests" who assassinated him in order to raise the profile of the "Ark of the Covenant" and make people fear it. (3) Even a normal person would not kill someone, so how could "Jehovah the God" have "wrongly struck and killed" Uzzah because "he reached out and held up the ark of the covenant"? How could it be possible that "God the LORD" could "wrongfully slay" Uzzah because "he reached down and held the ark of the covenant"? Therefore, it was the devil (the priest) who slandered, defamed and insulted "Jehovah the God".

10-47, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Was it fair that God should be angry with Uzzah, who was only trying to protect the ark of the covenant? Numbers 4:5-15 states that only the Lemuelites were allowed to carry the ark of the covenant, carrying it in tribute - they were not to touch the ark of the covenant itself, for to touch the ark of the covenant (the sacred object) was to break the law of Israel (cf. Num. 4:15). God's action was directed both at David and at Uzzah. David followed the example of the Philistines by placing the ark of the covenant on an ox cart (1 Sam 6:7-8) instead of doing what God had commanded him to do, and Uzzah, even though he wanted to protect the ark out of loyalty, still had to bear the consequences of sinning against God by touching the holy things". Answer: (1) The touching of the ark of the covenant (the holy relics) was not a violation of Israel's law, but of the law of the "priests" within Israel, for only the "priests and their families" had the privilege of "touching the ark of the covenant "The privilege of touching the ark of the covenant was a disrespect to the authority of the "priests"; obviously, this was a devilish mentality that could not be violated, and the "priests" were all mean and evil. The "priests" were the embodiment of a mean and vicious demon. (2) David is like Zhuge Liang, but it is Sima Yi who has the last laugh on earth. David was a thorn in the side of the "priestly" forces, so everything would be directed against him.
10-48, [Explanation in the "Spiritual Version":] "Uzzah may not have been a Levite, but David wanted to bring Israel back to God and rebuild their relationship with Him, but God acted harshly to remind the whole nation that their zeal for Him must also be in accordance with His law. When David brought the ark of the covenant to Jerusalem again, he did it with care and in full accordance with God's instructions (1 Chronicles 15:1-15)", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) Not "Uzzah may not have been a Levite" because "Uzzah" was not a "priest's family". (2) It was not at all "God's stern action to bring the whole tribe to remembrance", but the devil, the "priest", who was "killing the chicken to scare the monkey".

10-49: "And David was troubled because the LORD had slain (note: "broken through") Uzzah, and he called the place Uzzah, even to this day", Q. Is this true? "In that day David feared the LORD, and said, How can the ark of the covenant of the LORD be brought to me?" , asking, Is this so? "Then David refused to carry the ark of the covenant of the LORD into the city of David, but carried it to the house of Obed-Edom the Gathite", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. David had doubts about "the LORD smote Uzzah". David realised that the LORD was not a generous and charitable God, and he saw that the LORD was cruel, so he was troubled. (2) Yes. (2) Yes. David was not "afraid of the LORD", but "afraid of the priests around the LORD", realizing that the "priests" were all demonic and inviolable outlaws. (3) Yes.
10-50, "The ark of the covenant of the LORD was in the house of Edom the Gathite for three months. The LORD blessed Obed-Edom and all his household". What blessing was given to Obed-Edom and his household? Answer: (1) The LORD did not bless "Obed-Edom and all his household". (2) In the mouths of the "priests", they would say at all times that the LORD would bless whoever approached the "ark of the covenant of the LORD". If the LORD does not bless whoever approaches the Ark of the Covenant, then the Ark of the Covenant will have no reason to be feared and will be worthless, and the priests will not be feared. The "priests" would not be feared.
10-51: "When the men who carried the ark of the covenant of the LORD had gone six steps, David offered oxen and fat lambs as sacrifices". Did the LORD like to eat these "oxen and fat lambs"? Answer: (1) The style of writing is exactly the same throughout the Old Testament, because it is all about the "priests". (2) The "LORD" gives birth to all things and never kills life for his own hunger. It was not "Jehovah" who demanded the "sacrifice of oxen and fat lambs", but the "priests", a group of demons in disguise.
10-52: "David, dressed in fine linen, danced vigorously before the LORD". "When the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal, the daughter of Saul, looked out of the window and saw King David dancing vigorously before the LORD, and she despised him in her heart". Answer: Yes.
10-53, "And Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet him, saying, Great is the glory of the king of Israel in showing his body today before the eyes of the handmaid of his servant, as a despised man shows his body without shame!" , asked, Is that so? "And David said unto Michal, This is before the LORD; the LORD hath chosen me, and hath abolished thy father and thy father's whole house, and hath made me king over the LORD's people Israel: therefore I will dance before the LORD. I will also be more humble, and consider myself despised. And those handmaidens of whom you speak, they shall honour me". Answer: (1) These were lies made up by the "priests" to slander David's wife and husband. No king's wife would have said that. (2) These were all fabrications made up by the "priests" themselves to exaggerate the authority of God; they were not said by David to Michal.

10-54, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Michal was originally David's first wife, but here she is called Saul's daughter, probably to emphasize that her attitude was similar to her father's." Q. Is this true? "It is possible that her contempt for David did not begin with this entry ceremony, but perhaps she thought it was beneath her dignity as king to be so involved in public worship at a time when the nation did not value it", Q: Is this so? "Or perhaps she thought it was unseemly for a king to show his feelings in such a way". "Or perhaps he hated David for taking her back from the house of Patmos", Q: Is that so? Answer: This is all a farce of the "priests" who are descended from the "priests".
10-55, [Explanation in the "spiritual version":] "Whatever the reason, (Mica) her contempt for her husband escalated into a tit-for-tat, and as a result she became sterile for life", Q. Is this true? "If you do not curb bitterness and hatred, you will damage relationships; adjust your emotions before they turn into open confrontation", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) The demon "priest" is talking nonsense. (2) This is the devil's way of killing people with words, of "killing to silence".
10-56: "The king dwelt in his own palace, and the LORD gave him peace, and he was not disturbed by his enemies around him". "And the king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a palace of cedar wood, and the ark of the covenant of God is against it in the veil. And Nathan said unto the king, Thou mayest do as thou wilt, for the LORD is with thee"; Q. Is this so? Answer: (1) "The LORD has put him at ease", but he will also put him at ease. The purpose is to make "Jehovah" a demon that everyone fears. It was David's own authority, not God's, to "not be disturbed by the enemies around him". (2) The so-called "prophets" are all demons who are possessed by the devil and are incarnations of the devil who kidnapped "Jehovah".

10-57, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "God made it clear that a prophet would be present during the reign of every king of Israel, whose main task was to persuade the people to obey God and to tell the king God's law and will". "Unfortunately most kings reject God's prophets and pass up the opportunity God gives them to listen and obey", Q: Is this true? "In the past, the magistrates and priests had the task of prophets, and Samuel, as a magistrate and priest, also served as a prophet, serving as a bridge between the age of magistrates and the age of kings", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Before there were kings, in the age of kings, and now, "prophets" are everywhere, because "the word comes from the devil", and if there is "Jehovah", there are demon-possessed "prophets". "Prophets" are demonic. "Prophets" are the embodiment of the devil and will compel people from the devil's point of view. The priests "persuaded the people to obey God", using coercion and bullying, and civil and military power to make the people the minions of the devil. The "LORD" did not "persuade the people to obey God", but to make them wise and build the world into a paradise on earth. The priests who "tell the king the law and the will of God" are compelling the faint in the name of God, for the "law of God" is not for the benefit of the majority of the common people, but for the authority of the "priests" themselves. (2) The "majority of kings" are not the "priests". (2) "Most kings reject the prophets of God and forgo the opportunity God gives them to listen and obey" because the "prophets of God" (priests and ministers) are notorious liars and demons. (3) The "teachers, priests and prophets" are today's "preachers, priests and pastors", all of whom are synonymous with the demons of Judaism at all times.

10-58, "And the word of the LORD came to Nathan that night, saying, "Go and tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD: (1) Shall you build me a temple to live in? I have not dwelt in a temple since I led the Israelites out of Egypt until this day, but I have always walked in the tabernacle and in the tent of meeting. (2) Where I have gone with Israel, have I ever sent to one of the tribes of Israel, to whom I commanded the shepherds of my people Israel, saying, 'Why did you not build me a temple of cedar wood? (3) Now tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD of hosts: I have called you from the sheepfold, that you may no longer follow the flock, and have made you king over my people Israel. (4) Wherever you go, I will always be with you, and will cut off all your enemies. I will make you a great name, like those who are greatly known in the world. (5) And I will choose a place for my people Israel, and I will cultivate them, and make them dwell in their own place, and they will not move again; nor will the sons of wickedness disturb them, as they did before, and as they did when I appointed the teachers of the law over my people Israel. (6) I will give you peace, and you will not be disturbed by any enemy. And I, the LORD, have promised you that I will establish a house for you. (7) When you have lived a full life and have slept with your fathers, I will cause your descendant to succeed you, and I will strengthen his kingdom. (7) He shall build a temple for my name, and I will strengthen his kingdom forever. (8) I will be his father, and he shall be my son; and if he sins, I will smite him with the rod of men, and chastise him with the scourge of men. (9) But still my lovingkindness will not leave him, as it left Saul, who was laid waste before you. (10) Thy house and thy kingdom shall stand firm before me (note: "thou" in the original) forever. And your kingdom will be firm forever". Answer: The words of the priest "Nathan" were the words of the devil, but under the guise of "Jehovah". It was all demonic brainwashing, demagoguery, and suppression of David. (1) "Never lived in the temple, but walked in the tent of meeting and in the tabernacle" is the devil's way of showing his desire to have a "temple". (2) "I commanded to shepherd my people Israel", viewing all Israel as sheep to be "shepherded". This is the devil slandering man, for the devil is a beast below man, and their beasts, the devil, desperately desire to be masters of man. Those who believe in "Jehovah" are the sheep of the "Jewish priests", lambs in the mouth of the wicked wolf, and slaves who have been slain by the wise life.

10-59, [Explanation of the "Devotional Version":] "David made plans and prepared materials so that his son Solomon could begin the building work as soon as he was crowned king. "David accepted God's plan and obeyed it faithfully", Q: Is that so? Answer: The words of the shameless devil, "bragging".
10-60, "Then King David went in and sat down before the Lord and said, (1) O Lord GOD! Who am I? What is my house, that you have brought me to this state? (2) O Lord Jehovah! This is small in your sight, and the house of your servant is promised to last forever. O Lord Jehovah! Is this not a common thing that happens to men? (3) O Lord GOD! What more can I say to you? For you know your servant. (4) You have done this great thing to make your servant known, because of your word of promise, and according to your mind. (5) O Lord GOD! You are the greatest. We have heard nothing like you in our ears, and there is no God but you. (6) What people on earth can compare with your people Israel? You redeemed them from Egypt as your own people, and you did great and fearful things before your redeemed people, expelling the nations and their gods and revealing your great name. (7) You have established your people Israel as your people for ever and ever. And you, O LORD, have been their God. (8) O LORD God! Thy word which thou hast promised thy servant and his household, be thou steadfast for ever, and do as thou hast said. (9) Hallowed be your name forever, saying, 'The LORD of hosts is the God who rules Israel'. Then the house of your servant David will stand firm before you. (10) O LORD of hosts, God of Israel! Because you have revealed to your servant, 'I will establish a house for you', your servant has boldly prayed to you in this way. (11) O Lord Jehovah! You alone are God. Your word is true, and you have promised to give this blessing to your servant. (12) Bless now the house of the servant, that it may abide before thee forever. O Lord Jehovah! This is what you have promised, that you may bless the house of your servant forever", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) "These words of David" are purely "priestly" in tone, and the hearer loses himself completely. (2) The Jewish "priests" (preachers and priests) throughout the ages have been demons in disguise, not only kidnapping "Yahweh", but also staging "self-made" farces in the name of the king in order to They not only kidnap "Yahweh", but also put on a farce in the name of the King, in order to use the "celebrity effect and fascination" to make people fall under the spell of the "priests" and believe what they believe.



