Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 13 "Samuel" Breaks the Covenant
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]
Original text in part.
13:1 And Saul was forty years old when he came to the throne; and when he had been king of Israel two years
13:2 And he chose three thousand men out of Israel: two thousand to follow Saul at Mizrahi and Mount Bethel, and one thousand to follow Jonathan at Gibeah in Benjamin; and the rest Saul sent away to their families.
13:3 And Jonathan attacked the camp of the Philistines at Gaba, and the Philistines heard it. So Saul blew a horn throughout the land, meaning, "Let the Hebrews hear it."
13:4 When all Israel heard that Saul had attacked the camp of the Philistines, and that the Israelites were an abomination to the Philistines, they gathered after Saul at Gilgal.
13:5 And the Philistines gathered to fight against Israel, having chariots of thirty thousand, horsemen of six thousand, and foot soldiers as numerous as the sand of the sea, and came up and encamped at Michal, east of Beth-aven.
13:6 And when the people of Israel saw that they were in great distress, they hid themselves in caves, and in groves, and in caves of stones, and in secret places, and in pits.
13:7 Some of the Hebrews crossed the Jordan and fled to the land of Gad and Gilead. Saul was still in Gilgal, and the people followed him with fear and trembling.
13:8 Saul waited seven days according to the date Samuel had set. But before Samuel came to Gilgal, the people also left Saul and scattered.
13:9 Saul said, "Bring me the burnt offering and the peace offering." So Saul offered the burnt offering.
13:10 No sooner had he finished offering the burnt offering than Samuel arrived. Saul went out to meet him and to greet him.
13:11 Samuel said, "What is it that you have done?" Saul said, "Because I saw that the people left me and scattered, and that you did not come on the day appointed, and that the Philistines were gathered at Mizrahi.
13:12 Therefore I said in my heart, "I am afraid that I have not prayed to the LORD, and the Philistines have come down against me at Gilgal, and I will reluctantly offer a burnt offering."
13:13 Samuel said to Saul, "You have done a foolish thing! You have not kept the command that the LORD your God has commanded you. If you had, the LORD would have established your throne in Israel for ever.
13:14 Now your throne will not last. The LORD has found a man after his own heart and has made him king over the people, because you have not kept what the LORD has commanded you."
13:15 Then Samuel arose and went up from Gilgal to Gibeah in Benjamin. Saul counted those who followed him, and they were about six hundred.
13:16 And Saul and Jonathan his son and those who followed them dwelt at Gaba in Benjamin, but the Philistines encamped at Michal.
13:17 And there came out of the Philistine camp plunderers, and they were divided into three groups: one group went to Ophrah toward the land of Shua, and
13:18 one group went to Beth-horon, and one group went to the land opposite the valley of Zeboim, towards the wilderness.
13:19 At that time there was not a blacksmith in all the land of Israel, for the Philistines said, "Lest the Hebrews make swords and spears."
13:20 When the Israelites wanted to sharpen hoes, plows, axes, and spades, they went down to the Philistines to sharpen them.
13:21 But there were files to file the spade, the plough, the three-tined fork, the axe, and the cattle-driving cone.
13:22 So in the day of battle no one who followed Saul and Jonathan had a sword or a spear in his hand, but Saul and Jonathan his son did.
13:23 And a band of the Philistines' defenders came to the pass of Mizpah.
Explanatory section.
9-52, "13:1 And Saul ascended the throne at the age of forty years; and he became king over Israel", Q: Is that so? Answer: Approximately so.
9-53. [Explanation of the "Devotional Version":] "13:3-4 Jonathan succeeded in attacking the camp of the Philistines, but Saul took all the glory for himself", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) No, if it were so who would dare to support him. (2) It was the "priests" who wrote the book who scandalized, slandered and insulted "Saul", the king who had the hearts of the people, because his prestige exceeded that of the "priests".
9-54, "13:5 The Philistines gathered to fight against the Israelites with 30,000 chariots, 6,000 horsemen, and as many foot soldiers as the sand on the sea". Answer: A bluff, up to 50,000 men.
9-55. "13:6 When the people of Israel saw that they were in great distress, they hid themselves in caves, in jungles, in caves of stones, in hidden places and in pits", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-56, "13:8 And Saul waited seven days according to the day which Samuel had appointed. Before Samuel came to Gilgal, the people also left Saul and scattered", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. This means that "Samuel" was waiting to see "Saul" isolated without his support under the guise of "Jehovah", and that he had deliberately broken his promise. (2) When the people saw that "Samuel" had failed to come, they mistakenly thought that "Jehovah" would not help "Saul", so they too left Saul and scattered.
9-57, "In 13:10 (Saul) had just finished offering the burnt offering when Samuel arrived", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes. This means that "Samuel" was not far away, watching "Saul's" every move. (2) "Samuel" learned that "Saul" himself was performing "burnt offerings and peace offerings", which means that "Saul" had become "the sacrifice of the Lord". If "Saul" issued orders in the name of "Jehovah", "Samuel" would have been "taken" by "Saul". "So "Samuel" rushed to meet "Saul", and when he arrived, he had just finished offering a burnt offering.
9-58, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "13:9 It was against God's law for Saul to sacrifice himself without waiting for the priest to arrive". Or was it against the law (the will) of the "priests"? Answer: (1) The "priests" counted on them. It was against the law (the will) of the "priests". (2) The so-called "law of God" is in fact a text of the "priests" (priests and ministers) protecting the authority of the "priests" under the guise of deifying "God". (2) The so-called "law of God" is in fact a text that protects the authority of the "priests" (priests, ministers) under the guise of deifying "God.
9-59, "13:14 The LORD has found a man after his own heart and has made him king over the people, because you have not kept what the LORD has commanded you": (1) This indicates that the "kings of Israel" are to be subject to the "priests", which is actually a sign that the "kings of Israel" are to be subject to the "priests". The "priests" were actually the puppets of the "priests". (2) Because "Saul" did not become a puppet of the "priests", the "priests" would say, "The Lord has found a man after his own heart and has made him He has made him king over the people, because you have not kept what the LORD has commanded you". (3) At the critical moment of the destruction of the Jewish people, instead of rallying the people around "Jehovah" and calling on them to unite around "Saul" and to join in the national tragedy, "Samuel" once again called for the unity of the people. Instead, he once again cast stones at Saul and once again suppressed his prestige, showing that "Samuel" was "taking personal revenge". This shows that Samuel was taking "personal revenge", that he had no "national righteousness", and that he had once again revealed himself as a devil of insidious and poisonous character.
9-60, "13:20 When the Israelites wanted to sharpen their hoes, ploughs, axes and shovels, they went down to the Philistines to sharpen them": (1) This was the case. (2) Because the Jews were weak and had been oppressed by the "Philistines".
9-61, "13:22 Therefore in the day of battle no one who followed Saul and Jonathan had a sword or a spear in his hand, but Saul and Jonathan his son did": Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) This shows that "Saul" was a true national hero who saved the nation from extinction and took responsibility for achieving national independence. "Compared to Saul, the priest Samuel was a traitor who lived on the run.
9-62, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "13:12-13 Only when we confess our sins frankly will he forgive us, restore us and bless us": (1) "Confess our sins frankly (1) "Confess your sins frankly" means that the king will do the will of the "priests", but isn't this the "priests" kidnapping the "LORD"? (2) This is the devil spreading "ecstasy" and making people the devil's minions.
9-63, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "13:19-22 God wanted Israel to win not by the sword, so that they might know that the true source of strength was not in themselves, but in God": (1) Such a "God (1) Isn't such a "god" the personification of the "bloodless devil"? (2) If you can know that such a God is not "Jehovah" but a devil in the guise of God, you will be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". Do you understand? Christians.
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
,   