Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 23 "David" hiding from "Saul"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

The original text reads
23:1 Someone told David, "The Philistines have attacked Chiara and robbed the harvest fields."
23:2 So David asked the LORD, "Is it OK for me to go against those Philistines?" The LORD said to David, "It is okay for you to go and attack the Philistines and save Keilah."
23:3 The men who were following David said to him, "We are afraid here in the land of Judah, how much more should we go to Gilgal to attack the Philistine army?"
23:4 David asked the LORD again. The LORD answered, "Get up and go down to Gilgal, and I will give the Philistines into your hand."
23:5 David and the men who followed him went to Keilah and fought against the Philistines, killing and defeating them greatly and capturing their livestock. In this way, David saved the inhabitants of Keilah.
23:6 Abiathar son of Ahimelech had Ephrath in his hand when he fled to meet David at Keilah.
23:7 Someone told Saul, "David has come to Keilah." Saul said, "He has entered the city with its gates and bars and is trapped inside, and God has given him into my hand."
23:8 So Saul gathered all the people together to go down against the city of Keilah and besiege David and those who were following him.
23:9 When David knew that Saul had devised a plot against him, he said to Abiathar the priest, "Bring Ephod here."
23:10 David prayed, "O LORD God of Israel, your servant has heard the truth that Saul is coming to Gilgal to destroy the city for my sake.
23:11 Did the men of Gilgal give me into Saul's hand and not deliver me? Did Saul come down according to the word of your servant? O LORD God of Israel! Please show your servant." And the LORD said, "Saul will come down."
23:12 Then David said, "Will the men of Khiara deliver me and those who follow me into Saul's hand?" And the LORD said, "It shall be handed over."
23:13 Then David and about six hundred men who were following him got up and went out of Keilah as far as they could go. Someone told Saul that David had left Keilah and fled, so Saul did not come out.
23:14 And David dwelt in a cottage in the wilderness, and was always in the hill country of the wilderness of Zephath. Saul sought David every day, but God would not deliver David into his hand.
23:15 David knew that Saul had come out to seek his life. At that time he was living in the woods of the wilderness of Zephath.
23:16 Jonathan the son of Saul arose and went to the wood to meet David, that he might be strengthened in his trust in God.
23:17 and said to him, "Do not be afraid; the hand of my father Saul will not harm you. You will be king over Israel, and I will be your prime minister. This is known to my father Saul."
23:18 So the two made a covenant before the LORD. David remained in the grove, and Jonathan went home.
23:19 The Zephites went up to meet Saul at Gibeah, saying, "Is not David hiding in the mountain fortress in the woods where we are, on Mount Hagira, south of the wilderness?
23:20 Come down, O king, as your heart desires, and we will deliver him into the king's hand ourselves."
23:21 And Saul said, "May the LORD bless you, for you have had compassion on me.
23:22 Please go back and find out again exactly where he lives and where he goes, and who saw him there. For I have heard it said that he is very cunning.
23:23 Therefore see where he is hiding, and come back and tell me the truth, and I will go with you. If he is in the territory of Judah, I will search him out from a thousand doors and from ten thousand houses."
23:24 So the Zephites got up and went to Zephath before Saul. But David and those who followed him were in Arrabah, south of the wilderness of Maun.
23:25 Saul and those who followed him went in search of David. They told David that he had gone down to the rock and was living in the wilderness of Mah-un. When Saul heard this, he pursued David in the wilderness of Mah-un.
23:26 Saul went on this side of the mountain, and David and those who followed him went on the other side of the mountain. David hastened to hide from Saul, for Saul and those who followed him surrounded David and those who followed him on all sides, to capture them.
23:27 Then a messenger came and reported to Saul, saying, "The Philistines have broken into the country and plundered it; ask the king to return quickly!"
23:28 So Saul did not pursue David, but returned and attacked the Philistines. So the name of the place was Silaamah Hierojah.
23:29 And David went up from there, and dwelt in the hillfort of Hercules.

Expository section.
9-148, (1) 23:2 And David asked the LORD, "Is it permissible for me to go against those Philistines?" The LORD said to David, "It is OK for you to go and attack the Philistines and save Keilah", asking, "Is that so? (2) 23:4 David asked the LORD again. The LORD answered and said to him, "Get up and go down to Gilgal, and I will deliver the Philistines into your hand". Answer: (1) The "David" here is actually a "Jewish priest", and only a "Jewish priest" would do this, would make up such a lie. (2) A wise man thinks and observes with his own great wisdom, and does not "ask the LORD" about everything at all. It is not a wise man who "asks the LORD" about everything, but a "Jewish priest". It was the "Jewish priests" who first had to convince another power to unite with them before they could fight against the strong.

9-149. (1) "23:6 And Abiathar the son of Ahimelech took Ephrath in his hand when he fled to meet David at Gilgal", asking: "Is that so? (2) [Explanation of "Devotional Version"] "Before David acted, he sought God's direction through Abiathar, the priest, who brought him the omer and the tumulus, and when he heard God's direction, he did it". (3) [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "We should also take time to seek God's will before we act, which is better than making hasty decisions". Answer: (1) Yes. This means that "Abiathar the son of Ahimelech" was a demon who compelled "David". (2) No. The explanation is that the devil is writing by the hand of the "Jewish priests". (3) It is the demonic heresies that people become obsessed with and no longer think sensibly so that the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) can be respected and dignified.

9-150, (1) (Ephod, Hebrew: אפוד , refers to the special dress worn by those who held the office of priest in Judaism.) "The high priest wore an ephod of bright colours, with a breastplate set with twelve precious stones, representing the twelve tribes of the Israelites", Q. Is this true? (2) "Urim and tumim were placed in the bag of the high priest Ephrath", Q: Is this so? (3) "Urim means light, and Thummin means undefiled. Some think that Urim and Thummin are another name for the casting of lots." Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) "The breastplate is set with twelve precious stones" means that the "high priest" is a noble demon king, a ruler of great authority. (2) Yes. (3) "Urim and Tumin" are like the heads and tails of a coin, which are used to determine the "yes or no" of a matter.

9-151. (1) 23:9 When David knew that Saul was plotting against him, he said to Abiathar, the priest, "Bring me Ephrathah," asking, "Is that so? (2) 23:10 And David prayed, saying, "O LORD God of Israel, your servant has heard the truth that Saul is coming to Gilgal, to destroy the city for my sake. Did the men of Gilgal deliver me into Saul's hand and not deliver me? And will Saul come down according to the word of your servant? O LORD God of Israel! Please instruct your servant", ask: Is that so? Answer: No. "David" was in the habit of independent thinking and did not believe in "Ephod" at all. (2) It was the devil's priests who imposed their own blind guesses on "David".
9-152, (1) 23:11 And the LORD said, "Saul will come down," asking, "Is that so? (2) 23:12 And David said, "Will the men of Keilah deliver me and those who follow me into the hand of Saul and not deliver them?" And the LORD said, "It shall be handed over," and asked, Is this so? Answer: It was the devil's priests who imposed their blind guess on "David".

9-153, (1) "23:13 Then David and about six hundred men who were following him got up and went out of Keilah as far as they could go", Q: Is that so? (2) 23:16 And Jonathan the son of Saul arose and went to David into the wood, that he might be strengthened in God, and said to him, "Fear not; the hand of my father Saul will not be against you. You will be king over Israel, and I will be your prime minister. This is known to my father Saul", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes, "Jonathan" was lying to "David".
9-154. (1) "23:26 David hastened to hide from Saul, for Saul and those who followed him surrounded David and those who followed him on all sides, to capture them". (2) 23:27 Then a messenger came and reported to Saul, saying, "The Philistines have broken into the land and plundered it, so ask the king to return quickly". Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





