Bible Old Testament 9, 1 Samuel, True Commentary, Trial of Samuel 3-2
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
9-181, "And the four hundred men met an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David, and gave him bread to eat and water to drink, and a fig cake and two grape cakes. And when he had eaten, he recovered in spirit, for he had not eaten bread or drunk water for three days and three nights", asked, "Is this so? "I am a young man from Egypt, a slave of the Amalekites. Because I was sick three days ago, my master forsook me", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-182: "And the man led David down, and saw them scattered on the ground, eating and drinking and dancing, because of the great amount of goods taken from the land of Philistia and from the land of Judah", Q: Is that so? "And David smote them from dawn until the next night, and not one escaped except four hundred young men on camels", Q: Is that so? Answer: yes. Is.
9-183. "And all the goods which the Amalekites had taken, David took them all, and brought back his two wives; and all that the Amalekites had taken, small and great, children and goods, David took them all, and did not lose one of them", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-184: And David said, "Brethren, do not fail to give them a share of what the LORD has given us, for he has blessed us and delivered into our hands the army of the enemy that attacked us. Who will obey you in this? As much as is given to those who go into battle, and as much as is given to those who guard the instruments, should be divided equally among all", Q. Is this so? When David came to Zechariah, he took some of the plunder and gave it to the elders of Judah, his friends, saying, "This is a gift to you from the enemy of the LORD". Is the enemy of David the enemy of the LORD? Answer: (1) The "priest" who writes always writes under the guise of "Yahweh" in order to highlight the authority of the "priest" himself; today's "priests" and "ministers" also write under the guise of "Yahweh". "They are all demons who kidnap "Jehovah" and do their sins through God. The "David" that the "priest" creates in words, always under the guise of "Jehovah", is not convincing to normal people. (2) The "enemy of David" is not the "enemy of the LORD". The true God of the LORD hates the bad people who burn, kill, rob and plunder. God does not get involved in the struggle for human interests, but comes down to earth or divides his spirit to establish a righteous culture and knowledge, to fight against evil, and to bring peace to future generations.
9-185, "The Philistines pursued Saul and his sons, and they killed Jonathan, Abinadab and Melchishua, Saul's sons", Q. Is this true? "And when Saul was overtaken by the archers, he shot himself very badly, and commanded the men who had his weapons, saying, "Draw your sword and stab me to death, lest those who are uncircumcised come and stab me and insult me." But the man with the weapon was afraid and refused to stab him, so Saul fell on his sword and died". Answer: Yes. Yes.
9-186, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Saul was tall and handsome, a wealthy man and powerful, but all these things he had are not enough to be a model for us", because he had not thoroughly carried out Are the "priests" really demon-possessed people, who to this day are vilified as "priests" because they did not thoroughly carry out the orders of the "priests" (Samuel)? "He is tall and mighty in the sight of men, but small and insignificant in the sight of God. He may be handsome, but sin makes his soul ugly", is this not a sign that the "priests" are really demon-possessed? Was the "priest" referring to "God" as "Jehovah"? Or are they "evil gods and demons"? Answer: (1) When the "priests" (priests) were at the top of the ruling hierarchy of the state, they were inevitably high in merit and lazy, just like the animals at the top of the biological chain, and they were brutal. In those days there was a great deal of social banditry, and when a group of people got together they did not do anything, and in ancient times the richest people were the bandits. Who was the one giving the orders to make others carry them out? This brings us to the Creator of all things in heaven and earth, who, through man's fear and ignorance of the supernatural, can rule one side for good and trample on the other for evil. (2) Speaking of "Jehovah" from one's own standpoint, one must speak of the enemy as "evil".
9-187, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "(Saul) was strong in body, but his lack of faith in God made him weak in heart. Though he was rich, he was spiritually destitute; he could give orders to many, but could not win their respect and allegiance. He is only outwardly good-looking, but inwardly he is corrupt", Q. Is this true? "Intimacy with God and a strong character are far better than the appearance of gold and jade", Q: Is that so? Answer: This is the idea of "success and failure". (1) This is all the nonsense of the "priests" (priests, priests, demons), who spread "ecstasy". (2) It is proven that a strong body makes a strong will, and not at all that "lack of faith in God makes him weak in heart". (3) Not only were the "priests" (priests and ministers) "spiritually destitute", but they were also mean-spirited and evil. (4) It was because "Saul had won their respect and allegiance and was able to give orders to many" that the "priests" (priests and ministers) could not tolerate "Saul"; it was because "Saul" had won their respect and allegiance and was able to give orders to many" that the "priests" (priests and ministers) could not tolerate "Saul". (5) "He was only a foreigner, but he was a priest. (5) The description, "He was only good-looking on the outside, but he was corrupt on the inside", also reveals the vitriol and malice of the "priests" (priests and ministers). (6) "intimate with God and of a strong character, far better than the appearance of gold" is a shameless dog "praising himself and destroying him".
9-188, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Take courage and walk according to the law of God", Q. Is that so? "Saul faced death in the same way he faced his own life. He was in charge of everything, not thinking of God, and not asking him for guidance". Answer: (1) It is not the "law of God" at all, but the law of the "priests" (priests, ministers) under the guise of God, the "law of the priests". (2) "He made up his own mind about everything, not thinking of God and not asking him to guide him", which means that he was not a "slave of God", but a sane and sober man. "Neither does God "Jehovah" want anyone to "think of God and ask him to guide him in all things". The one who thinks this way is a "priest", for only then does the "priest" have authority and is not left out.
9-189, "When the men of war saw that Saul was dead, they also fell on their swords and died. So Saul died with his three sons, with the men who had his weapons, and with those who followed him". "When the Israelites who lived on the other side of the plain and on the west side of the Jordan saw that the Israelite army was fleeing and that Saul and his sons were dead, they also abandoned the city and fled. Then the Philistines came and dwelt among them", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes, Xiang Yu also killed himself on the River Wu. Is.
9-190. "When the Philistines came and stripped the man who had been slain, and saw Saul and his three sons fall on Mount Gilboa, they cut off his head and stripped him of his armour, and sent them to the four borders of the land of Philistia to report to their idols in the temple and to the people; and they put Saul's armour in the temple of Ashtaroth, and nailed his body to the wall of Bethsaida " and asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-191, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The Philistines put Saul's armour in their temple, in order to give glory to the pagan goddesses for their victory over Saul", Q: Is that so? "Ashtaroth was the goddess of good harvests (making the earth fertile) and fruitfulness (making people fruitful by promiscuity)", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "The glory of the victory over Saul was given to the pagan goddess", which means that the "LORD" of Israel is not the only true God. It means that there are gods more powerful than "Yahweh". The defeat and death of Saul disgraced the "priestly" "Jehovah", and this was also a case of the "priests" This is why the "priests" (priests and ministers) scandalized and insulted "Saul". (2) "By promiscuity one makes many children", this is the reason why the "priests" (priests and ministers) "praised themselves and destroyed him", because they believed in "Jehovah". Jehovah". The "priests" (priests and priests) are the embodiment of a mean-spirited devil, without any tolerance or mercy.
9-192, "When the inhabitants of Gilead Jabi heard what the Philistines had done to Saul, all the brave men among them arose, and walked all night, and took down the bodies of Saul and his sons from the walls of Bethsaida, and brought them to Jabi to be burnt with fire", Q. Is this so? "And when he had buried their bones under the weeping willow tree of Jabi, he fasted seven days", Q: Is that so? Were all starving to death? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) It was not a "seven-day fast" at all, but merely a temporary inability to eat. Other demonic heresies like "seven days' fasting", which have been infinitely exaggerated, are found in the mouths of the "priests" (priests and ministers).
9-193, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Saul the king was inconsistent, disobedient to God, and bent on his own way; he had no God in his heart. Samuel, on the other hand, was known for his consistent obedience to God and his thirst for God's will, and he had a real thirst for God". Answer: (1) Just because "Saul the king" disobeyed "Samuel the priest", he was scandalised and abused by "priests and ministers", the descendants of "Samuel the priest". "This is "Christianity" under demonic domination. (2) The king Saul, because he did not obey "Samuel the priest", was "without God in his heart" and became "inconsistent, disobedient to God, and bent on his own way". "The descendants of Samuel the Priest, the priests and ministers, took Samuel the Priest to be "God". For they were one and the same. (3) Samuel the priest, on the other hand, consistently took on the guise of God, but actually obeyed the devil, as we have seen in the previous articles. The "priests" (priests and ministers) "have a real desire for God", for only under the guise of God are they free from "food and clothing", and only then do they have the right to speak nonsense, to do evil through God, and to act arbitrarily and with authority. It is only in the guise of God that they have no "bread and butter" and have the right and authority to speak nonsense, to do evil through God and to act arbitrarily.
9-194, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] When God called Samuel, he said, "Speak, O LORD, and my servant will listen" (3:9). But when God called Saul through Samuel, Saul said, "Why do you say such things to me?" (9:21). Saul's life was lived entirely for himself; Samuel's life was entirely devoted to God. Q: Is this true? What is this "God to whom Samuel's life was wholly devoted"? A: (1) "God called Samuel" is a disinformation campaign by the "priests" (priests and ministers). In fact, the "priests" (priests and priests) are not "servants of the LORD" at all, but are kidnapping "the LORD" to achieve their goals. In common parlance, this means that they are "holding the Son of God hostage and giving orders to their lords". (2) But Saul said, "Why do you say such things to me?" It was because Saul knew that God "had not" called Saul through Samuel, but Saul knew that it was "Samuel the priest" who was lying. Not only did Samuel the priest lie with impunity, but today it is the "priests and ministers" who are all demonic and full of nonsense, for although they all appear to be "gods", they are in fact "evil gods and demons". They are in fact "evil gods and demons".
9-195, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The real problem is not the system of government, but the sinful kings. Saul wanted to please God with superficial godliness, but true spirituality is single-minded obedience to God". "A heroic spiritual life is based on day-by-day obedience to God, built up one by one like a brick. Each act of obedience is small in itself, but over time it builds up to become a huge wall of strength of character - a great wall of resistance to temptation. We too should strive daily to obey God as one in all our ways". Answer: (1) There are only "sinning kings", never "sinning priests" (priests and ministers), who always have a valid reason to excuse their sins in the name of God, which is an anomaly from ancient times to the present day. (2) Saul became a king by his own courage and words, and did not "try to please God by appearing to be godly", which is a case of the "priests" (priests and ministers) "measuring a gentleman's heart with a little man's heart ". The only people who "try to please God with superficial godliness" are the "priests" (priests and ministers). (3) God is the common people, so that the common people can live and work in peace and contentment, and this is "obeying God with one heart and one mind". Those who do not care whether the people live or die, but only "obey God with all their hearts", are the spokesmen of "evil gods and demons". (4) To strive daily to make the people live and work in peace and contentment, and to devote oneself to life without complaint, is to "obey God as one". Those who do not "devote their lives" to the people, but only "obey God as one", and then try to deceive in the guise of God, are the spokesmen of "evil gods and demons". (5) The "devotional version" explains that this is an argument against democracy and freedom, and that one is a submissive slave, vowing never to fight with one's master to be an obedient dog.