Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 15 Repentance for making "Saul" king of Israel
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
15:1 Samuel said to Saul, "The LORD has sent me to anoint you king over his people Israel; therefore listen to the word of the LORD.
15:2 Thus says the LORD of hosts, 'I have not forgotten how the Amalekites treated the Israelites on the road when they came out of Egypt, and how they resisted them.
15:3 Now go and strike the Amalekites and destroy all of them; do not have mercy on them; kill every man and woman, child and suckling, ox, sheep, camel and donkey.'"
15:4 So Saul gathered the people together in Telaim and counted them, and they were two hundred thousand foot soldiers, and ten thousand men of Judah.
15:5 And Saul came to the capital of Amalek, and set an ambush in the valley.
15:6 And Saul said to the Kenites, "Leave the Amalekites and go down! I am afraid that I will kill you with the Amalekites. For you were kind to the Israelites when they came out of Egypt." So the Kenites left the Amalekites and went away.
15:7 And Saul smote the Amalekites, from Hafira as far as Shur, which was before Egypt.
15:8 and captured Agag king of Amalek alive, and killed all the people of Amalek with the sword.
15:9 But Saul and the people had pity on Agag, and loved the good cattle, and the sheep, and the calves, and the lambs, and all the good things, and would not destroy them; but they killed all the lowly and the weak.
15:10 And the word of the LORD came to Samuel, saying.
15:11 "I have made Saul king, and I regret it, because he turned away and did not follow me, and did not keep my commandments." Then Samuel was greatly troubled, and he cried to the LORD all the night.
15:12 Samuel rose early in the morning to meet Saul. Someone told Samuel, "Saul has come to Carmel, and has set up a memorial there, and has turned down to Gilgal."
15:13 When Samuel came to Saul, Saul said to him, "Blessed be the LORD with you; the command of the LORD I have kept."
15:14 Samuel said, "I have heard in my ears the cry of a sheep and a bullock; where is it coming from?"
15:15 Saul said, "This is what the people have brought from the Amalekites, because they love good cattle and sheep to be sacrificed to the LORD your God. The rest, we have destroyed."
15:16 Samuel said to Saul, "Stop talking! Wait until I tell you what the LORD said to me last night." Saul said, "Speak, please."
15:17 Samuel said to Saul, "Were you not made the head of the tribe of Israel, though you made yourself small? The LORD has anointed you to be king over Israel.
15:18 The LORD sent you and commanded you, saying, 'Go and smite the Amalekites, who have sinned, and purify them.'
15:19 Why have you not obeyed the LORD's command, and have hastened to take possessions and do what is evil in the eyes of the LORD?"
15:20 Saul said to Samuel, "I have indeed obeyed the LORD's command, and done the way that the LORD has sent me, and captured Agag king of Amalek and destroyed all the Amalekites.
15:21 But the people took the best of the things that should be destroyed, the cattle and the sheep, and offered them to the LORD your God at Gilgal."
15:22 Samuel said, "Does the LORD delight in burnt offerings and peace offerings as much as in people obeying his words? Obedience is better than sacrifice; obedience is better than the fat of rams.
15:23 The sin of disobedience is equal to the sin of practising evil; the sin of stubbornness is the same as the sin of worshipping false gods and idols. As you have forsaken the command of the LORD, so the LORD has forsaken you as king."
15:24 Saul said to Samuel, "I have sinned! I have disobeyed the LORD's command and your word because I feared the people and listened to their words.
15:25 Now forgive me my sin and return with me, so that I may worship the LORD."
15:26 Samuel said to Saul, "I will not go back with you, because you have forsaken the LORD's command, and the LORD has forsaken you as king over Israel."
15:27 When Samuel turned to go, Saul took hold of the lapels of his outer robe, and the lapels were torn off.
15:28 Samuel said to him, "So, today the LORD has cut off the kingdom of Israel from you, and has given it to a better man than you.
15:29 The mighty one of Israel will not lie, nor will he be sorry. For he is so far from the world that he will never regret it."
15:30 And Saul said, "I have sinned, and though I have done so, lift me up before the elders of my people and the men of Israel, and return with me, that I may worship the LORD your God."
15:31 So Samuel turned and followed Saul back, and Saul worshipped the LORD.
15:32 Samuel said, "Bring Agag king of Amalek to me." Then Agag came to him with joy, saying in his heart, "Surely the affliction of death has passed away."
15:33 Samuel said, "As you have bereaved a woman with the sword, so shall your mother be bereaved among women." So Samuel killed Agag in the presence of the LORD at Gilgal.
15:34 Samuel went back to Ramah. Saul went up to Gibeah, where he was staying, and went back to his own house.
15:35 Samuel did not see Saul again until the day of his death, but Samuel grieved for Saul because the LORD regretted having made him king over Israel.

Expository section.
9-86, "15:1 And Samuel said to Saul, "The LORD has sent me to anoint you king over his people Israel", Q. Did the LORD really send "Samuel" to make "Saul Was it really the Lord who sent "Samuel" to make "Saul" king? Answer: (1) No matter what the matter is, the "priest" is always talking about the "LORD" and what the "priest" wants to do is what the "LORD What "priest" wants to do is "Jehovah". "The "priest" was the demon king who kidnapped "Jehovah" and made him the instrument of his will. (2) Because "Saul" was more popular than he was.
9-87, "15:3 Now go and smite the Amalekites, and destroy all of them, and have no pity on them; kill every man and woman, child and suckling, ox, sheep, camel and donkey", Q. Is this what "Yahweh" says? Does this not mean that the LORD is the devil who kills? What kind of devil borrowed the words of "Samuel"? Answer: The words of a black python of 20,000 years of age.
9-88. "15:4 And Saul gathered the people together at Tirahim, and counted them, and they were two hundred thousand foot soldiers, and ten thousand men of Judah". Answer: Yes.
9-89, "15:6 Leave the Amalekites and go down! I am afraid that I will kill you with the Amalekites. For you were kind to the Israelites when they came out of Egypt", Q: Is this what Saul said to the Kenites? Answer: Yes.
9-90, "15:8 And he took Agag king of Amalek alive, and slew all the people of Amalek with the sword. 15:9 But Saul and the people had pity on Agag, and on the good cattle, and on the sheep, and on the calves, and on the lambs, and on all the good things, and would not destroy them; but all the lowly and the weak were killed", Q: Is this true? Answer: Yes.

9-91, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "15:2-3 For they were guerrilla forces, terrorists, who lived by attacking and taking people and goods. After the Israelites came out of Egypt, they first attacked the Israelites, and then they plundered the Israelites' camps whenever they had the opportunity". Is this the reason why Samuel told Saul to destroy all the Amalekites? Answer: Yes.
9-92. "15:12 And when Saul had come to Carmel, he set up a memorial there, and turned down to Gilgal", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-93, "15:16 When I have told you what the LORD said to me last night", Q: Did the LORD really speak to Samuel? Answer: No. The "priests" (priests and ministers) all speak in this way, but are in fact demons in disguise.

9-94, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "15:13-14 Saul thought he had won a great victory over the Amalekites, but God saw him as a great failure, because he did not obey God's command", Q: Doesn't this mean that " Samuel" portrays "Yahweh" as a narrow-minded, jealous, twisted, dictator-like devil? Answer: Yes.
9-95, "15:22 Samuel said, "Does the LORD delight in burnt offerings and peace offerings as much as in people obeying his word? 15:23 The sin of disobedience is equal to the sin of practising evil; the sin of stubbornness is the same as the sin of worshipping false gods and idols. As you have forsaken the command of the LORD, so the LORD has forsaken you as king", Q. Is this what Samuel said? Does this not expose the "priests" (priests) for what they are, devils and dictators? Answer: Yes.

9-96, (1) "15:33 And Samuel said, As you have bereaved a woman with the sword, so shall your mother also be bereaved among women. So Samuel slew Agag before the LORD in Gilgal." (1) Does this not show that "Samuel" was a devil without any mercy? Does it not show that he was less merciful than "Saul"? (2) "Samuel", according to your logic, now that you have killed Agag, you have killed the woman with the sword, so that your mother will also lose her son among the women. Do you say so? (3) Animals are also made by the LORD, children of God like us, brothers and sisters "of one mother" with us. "Samuel, according to you, "As you have slain a woman with the sword, so shall your mother be slain among women", what about the animals you kill? The animals you kill are "children of God", and you kill "children of God" to sacrifice them to God! What do you think God will do to you Jews? The Jews are a weak nation and are being slaughtered because you, as a people, do not have a truly wise person and have been misinterpreting the Bible. Please awaken yourselves.

9-97, "15:35 And Samuel saw Saul no more until the day of his death, but Samuel grieved over Saul because the LORD regretted making him king over Israel": (1) Do you see? This is the incompetent devil (Samuel) who saw that "Saul" did not do exactly what he wanted and regretted making him king of Israel, and it is clear that he himself regretted it, but he said "the LORD regretted making him king of Israel". How can anyone who reads the Bible not be misled by such demonic heresies? (2) Look at "Saul", the king revered by the masses, and then look at himself, the powerless and abdicated "Pope of the Church and State", whose former majesty as a dictator is gone. Samuel" was not "grieving for Saul", but for having been replaced by "Saul" and for having been reduced to a commoner. (3) "Samuel", you devilish lackey in the guise of Yahweh, would have regretted it even if Yahweh had made Israel's king anyone other than "Saul". For no king will satisfy the "priest-devil", who has an insatiable appetite, unless the "Jewish priests" again become "the pope of the church" instead of the king.

9-98, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "15:30 He asked Samuel to go with him to worship God, to show publicly that Samuel still supported him. If Samuel had not obeyed, the people would have lost faith in Saul": (1) The Christian (Jewish) interpretation is entirely from the point of view of "Samuel" (the priest), which shows that it was the Jewish people who were just pretending to be Christian, showing that all the "preachers" from ancient times to the present day The "preachers" have been misleading demons from ancient times to the present day. (2) How could the people lose faith in the king who led them to victory when they had lost faith in an incompetent and faint-hearted ruler and a demon like "Samuel"? If Samuel had not obeyed, the people would still have had faith in Saul.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 




