Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 19 "Saul" captures "David"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
19:1 And Saul said to Jonathan his son and to all his servants that he would kill David; but Jonathan the son of Saul loved David very much.
19:2 Jonathan told David, "My father Saul wants to kill you, so tomorrow morning take care that you go to a quiet place and hide yourself.
19:3 Then I will go out to the field where you are hiding, and I will stand beside my father and talk with him. I will see how he is, and I will tell you."
19:4 Jonah spoke well for David with his father Saul, saying, "The king must not sin against the king's servant David, for he has not sinned against you, and all that he has done has been of great benefit to you.
19:5 He tried desperately to kill the Philistines, and the LORD did great things for the salvation of all Israel. You saw it then and rejoiced; why now do you want to kill David for no reason, to shed the blood of the innocent, and to take your own sin?"
19:6 When Saul heard the words of Jonathan, he swore by the living LORD, saying, "I will not kill him."
19:7 Jonathan called David and told him all these things, and brought him to Saul. And he remained in the service of Saul.
19:8 And after this there was warfare. David went out to fight against the Philistines and defeated them greatly, and they fled before him.
19:9 And the devil from the LORD came down on Saul again (Saul was sitting in the house with a spear in his hand), and David played the lyre with his hand.
19:10 And Saul tried to pierce David with his spear and nail him to the wall; but he dodged, and Saul's spear pierced into the wall. That night David fled and hid himself.
19:11 And Saul sent men to spy on David at his house, to wait until daybreak to kill him. Michal, David's wife, said to him, "If you do not flee for your life this night, you will be killed on the morrow."
19:12 So Michal let David down through the window, and David fled and hid himself.
19:13 Michal put the idol of his house on his bed, and laid his head on a pillow made of goat's hair, and covered it with a quilt.
19:14 And Saul sent for David, and Michal said, "He is sick."
19:15 And Saul sent again to David, saying, "Let him be carried with his bed, that I may kill him."
19:16 The messengers went in and saw the image of the gods on the bed, with his head on a pillow made of goat's hair.
19:17 Saul said to Michal, "Why have you deceived me in this way, and let my enemy escape?" Michal answered, "He said to me, 'Let me go, or I will kill you.'"
19:18 David fled and came to Samuel at Ramah, and told him what Saul had done to him. Then he and Samuel went to Najo and dwelt there.
19:19 Someone told Saul, "David is at Najo in Ramah." .
19:20 Saul sent for men to arrest David. The men who went saw a group of prophets who had been spoken to, and Samuel was standing among them, overseeing them. Those who sent them were also moved by the Spirit of God to speak.
19:21 Some told this to Saul, and he sent them again, and they were moved to speak. And Saul sent them a third time, and they were moved to speak.
19:22 Then Saul himself went to Ramah, and when he came to the great well of Sigu, he asked the men, "Where are Samuel and David?" And it was said, "At Najo in Ramah."
19:23 So he went to Najo in Ramah. And the Spirit of God moved him, speaking as he went, until he came to Najo of Ramah.
19:24 Then he stripped off his clothes, and spoke with feeling before Samuel, and lay naked all day and all night. Hence the proverb, "Is Saul also listed among the prophets?"

Expository section.
9-119, "19:1 And Saul said to Jonathan his son and to all his servants that he would kill David; but Jonathan the son of Saul loved David very much", Q. Is this true? Answer: Yes.
9-120, "19:2 My father Saul wants to kill you, so tomorrow morning take care that you go and hide yourself in a quiet place. Then I will go out to the field where you are hiding, and I will stand beside my father and talk with him. I will see how he is, and I will tell you", Q. Is this what "Jonathan" told "David"? Answer: Yes.

9-121, "19:4 The king shall not sin against David the king's servant, for he has not sinned against you, but all his works have been of great benefit to you. He tried desperately to kill the Philistines, and the LORD did great things for the salvation of all Israel. Now why did you kill David for no reason, and shed the blood of the innocent, and take your own sin? Was this a good word from "Jonathan" to his father "Saul" on behalf of "David"? Answer: Yes.
9-122, 19:6 When Saul heard the words of Jonathan, he swore by the living Lord, saying, "I will not kill him". Answer: Yes. "Swear by the living LORD", this is a great dishonouring of the LORD by the devil, and is criticised by Jesus. Do not swear by God.

9-123, "19:9 And the devil from the LORD came upon Saul (Saul sat in the house with a gun in his hand)", Q. Is this true? What is the "devil"? Answer: (1) "Saul" thought that the godly "David" was a threat to his throne and feared that he would kill him and take the throne, so "Saul sat in the house with a gun in his hand". This was the instinctive defence of the weak against the strong, not "the devil fell on Saul again". (2) The devil does not come from the LORD at all, because there is no devil in the LORD. The demons are self-invited, not "from the LORD". "To say that "demons come from the LORD" is the devil's way of slandering, slandering and abusing the LORD. It is the devil's attempt to confuse the people, to slander them and to harm their lives.
9-124, "19:10 Saul tried to pierce David with his spear and nail him to the wall; but he dodged, and Saul's spear pierced into the wall. That night David fled and hid". Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-125, 19:11 And Michal, David's wife, said to him, "If you do not flee this night, tomorrow you will be killed", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

9-126, "19:12 And Michal let David down from the window, and David fled and hid himself. 19:13 And Michal put the idol of his house on his bed, and laid his head on a pillow of goat's hair, and covered it with a quilt", Q: Is that so? Why did he have an "idol" in his house? Isn't an "idol" an idol? Aren't they (the priests) against idolatry? Answer: Yes, they do. You can only have an image of Yahweh, and an image of Yahweh is not an "idol". The whole of "Christianity" is a "self-deceiving" mindset, a legalistic slave who has been brainwashed by the devil to "take falsehood for truth and right for wrong".
9-127, "19:18 David fled and came to Samuel at Ramah, and told him what Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went to dwell in Najo", Q. Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-128, "19:20 Saul sent men to arrest David. And those who went saw a group of prophets who were inspired to speak, and Samuel was standing among them, overseeing them. Those who sent them were also moved by the Spirit of God to speak". Answer: No. The purpose of the "priests" (priests and ministers) in speaking this nonsense was to praise "David", who was about to inherit the throne, and to belittle "Saul", who was about to abdicate.

9-129, "19:21 And some told it to Saul, and he sent men, and they were impressed and spoke. And Saul sent men a third time, and they were also impressed and spoke". Answer: No. This is the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) laughing at "Saul" who was about to abdicate.
9-130, "19:23 So he went to Najo in Ramah. And the Spirit of God moved him, and he spoke as he went, until he came to Najo at Ramah", Q: Is that so? Answer: No. This is the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) laughing at "Saul" who was about to abdicate.

9-131. (1) "19:24 So he stripped off his clothes and spoke before Samuel, and lay naked all day and all night", Q. Is this true? (2) There is a proverb that says, "Is Saul also among the prophets? Answer: (1) This is not so. (2) It was written by the "priests" (priests, priests, demons) as a means of humiliating "Saul", who was the first king to take away the priest's This is a way for the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons) to vent their hatred of the "king" for taking away the supreme power of "Samuel" over the Jews.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





