Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 17 "Circumcision" is not "circumcision"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Old Testament, Chapter 17: "Circumcision" is not "circumcision".

[Note: (1) Genesis is the first book of the Old Testament of the Bible, and one should not think that Genesis is a Jewish classic. The book of Genesis is a "heavenly book" that predates Judaism, and was only used by the Jewish priests as a "Jewish classic". Genesis is not a Jewish classic, as we all remember. (2) Because few people could read and write in ancient times, a few literate Jews misinterpreted, blasphemed and kidnapped the Book of Genesis, making it a tool for them to "create sins through God, to confuse people and to harm their lives", and after the Book of Genesis, they invented a huge number of demonic heresies, pretending to be classics with continuity to the Book of Genesis. This is how "Judaism" came into being. (3) Is it true that Judaism blasphemes and misinterprets the Book of Genesis? Once we know the meaning of the book of Genesis and look at the teachings of Judaism in the "Old Testament" after Genesis, it will become clear to you. The teachings of the "Old Testament" are the opposite of the teachings of God in Genesis.
(4) After becoming the Christ, Jesus understood Genesis and found that Judaism was a devilish group that had misinterpreted Genesis and kidnapped Jehovah to promote Satan's teachings, so he launched an attack on the Jewish group, which Jesus called "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". Jesus used the fact that he had been "crucified" by Judaism to prove that Judaism was a demonic group that harmed people. (5) During Constantine the Great (272-337) Christianity became the state religion of Rome, and Jesus' Christian system gave birth to the monstrosity of "Catholicism" under the imperial power, and from then on, no matter which sect of Christianity (including branches of Orthodoxy and Orthodoxy, etc.), the Christian "Christians" Christians" have lost the words and deeds of Jesus and are anesthetizing themselves with "singing hymns and prayers and doing charity", words and deeds that Jesus did not do. The Ark of Jesus has completed its mission and has been replaced by the Ark of the Devil under the guise of Christianity.

Genesis 17: God changes the name of Abram to Abraham (17:1-8)
1. "17:1 When Abram was ninety-nine years old, the Lord appeared to him and said to him, "I am God Almighty; be thou a perfect man before me": (1) A "perfect man" is a man whose body is intact externally, that is, a man who has not undergone active breakage. (1) A "perfect man" is a person whose body is intact externally, that is, who has not undergone any active breakage of the body. A person who has been injured by an accidental bump, or by a passive trauma, and who has not actively cut off the skin of his body, is a "perfect man". (2) A person who is forced by worldly customs to cut off the skin of his body unwillingly and reluctantly is not a "perfect man". The person who misunderstands the concept of "perfect man", who does not know what "perfect man" is, who does not truly understand the meaning of the LORD, who does not hear the "refrain, the test" that the LORD is saying, and who then says in (3) The LORD's "perfect man" is no longer a "perfect man", but a "not perfect man", when he goes about cutting off the skin of the body and destroying the physical appearance of the body under the misconception of "following the will of the LORD". (3) The LORD is "the only true God, the Almighty", we are all made in His image, we are all His children, and the LORD wants us all to be in His wisdom, to be knowledgeable and not to be misled by "counter-quotes and questions". The "perfect man". (4) Those who break the LORD's rule of "eating crops and not eating meat" are "not perfect", they are sinners and "unrighteous". He who kills animals for sacrifice is not only "not a perfect man", but also a devil who slanders and insults Yahweh, for Yahweh is a spiritual light that "gives birth to life and does not eat or eat meat". (5) A person who has not yet had sexual relations with the opposite sex and is a "virgin or a virgin" is a "perfect man". After having sex with a person of the opposite sex, one becomes a "complete man" if one has not been sexually active and has not been chronically ill, and if, after three to six months, one's body slowly returns to the condition of a "virgin or virgin". (6) I am God Almighty, and when you have become "perfect" before me and persevere, you will become "Christ's elect" and have the same "righteousness" as "Cain and Nimrod". And when you have done the deeds of the "righteous", you will become Christ and will live forever in heaven. (7) "To be perfect before me" is the second time, after Noah's ark, that Jehovah gives man the opportunity to become Christ and to realize the eternal kingdom of heaven.

2. "17:2 Then I made a covenant with you to make your descendants exceedingly numerous": (1) The reason why the LORD said this was because Abram had no son in his 80s. It was because he was only concerned about his own descendants and heirs to the family business, and had no ambition at all to build a nation. (2) Remember, everyone: What do you desire? What will the LORD give you? The LORD never says "no". But the LORD will "break" his promises and fail to keep them, so that you will be disappointed and no longer have the delusion that you can ask God. For as long as you have any dependence on the LORD, you cannot be Christ. Christ is the Son of God who accomplishes his mission entirely by his own wisdom and sweat, the Son of God who fights for the LORD without relying on him. It is the greatest hope of the LORD that we all become Christ. (3) Abram! Listen carefully! "I make a covenant with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". (4) Abram! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It is not because I have broken my promise to deceive you, but because you have "broken your promise" in the first place.

3. "17:3 And Abram fell on his face, and God said to him": (1) Abram, you old fool, you know how to kowtow to "idols". You do not know what a "perfect man" is, and you do not ask me what a "perfect man" is. If you misinterpret my will and disobey my will, you have "broken the covenant". (2) If you "break the covenant" because of your own ignorance, the "covenant I made with you" cannot be fulfilled. "The one to blame is you", you remember!

4. "17:4 I have made a covenant with you that you will be the father of many nations": (1) A person who has established an independent nation by his own struggle is called "the father of a nation, the father of a nation". The leader of a nation, the patriarchal father of the nation, is the "father of the nation, the father of the country". (2) Abram, at the age of 75, when the "five kings" defeated the "four kings", Abram defeated the "four kings" with 318 men, "14: 16 And he took back all the goods that had been taken captive, even his nephew Lot and his goods, and the women and the people". Before that, the Lord had been encouraging him "13:17 Arise and go throughout the land, for I will give it to you". However, Abram did not have the courage to unite the "nine kings" and could not "go through the land" and was robbed by "the kings of Sodom and Melchizedek". "This shows that Abram was not qualified to be the "father of the nation, the father of the kingdom". (3) If you go back and look at chapter 14, you will see that Abram was not qualified to be the "father of a nation", let alone "the father of many nations". Therefore, it was a "game" that Yahweh was playing on Abram to see what he thought of these words of Yahweh. (4) Anyone who has read Genesis and does not know chapter 14 really honours Abram as the "father of many nations" and considers such a fool as a "prophet"? Does this not show that the "prophets" of Judaism are all minions of the devil? Judaism is really a devilish group. [(5) Abram! Listen carefully! "I make a covenant with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". (6) Abram! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It's not that I'm in breach of contract, it's because you've "broken" the contract in the first place.

5. "17:5 Henceforth your name shall no longer be called Abram, but Abraham, for I have made you a father of many nations": (1) If you have read the previous chapter 14 and know what kind of a man Abram was, you will understand that this was the LORD's way of "teasing "teasing" the weak and overburdened Abram. If you don't understand the previous chapter 14 and don't know what kind of a person Abram was, you will believe it and you will become a slave of the devil. (2) Jehovah is the "Almighty" and Jehovah certainly knows Chinese. It is interesting that Jehovah gives foreigners names in Chinese. The word "Abram" (three Chinese characters) was changed to "Abraham" (four Chinese characters), with one extra character and a change in pronunciation. This extra character is a synonym for the English word "fool", which is the Chinese word for "simpleton". The meaning of "Abraham" (four Chinese characters) is: "Abram" (three Chinese characters) is "憨子" (foolish). (3) Abram missed the opportunity to become a great king because he repeatedly misunderstood the meaning of Yahweh's words, did not understand what Yahweh was saying, and took Yahweh's "teasing" of Abram seriously over and over again, which means that Abram was a "fool". This is the reason why Abram was a "fool" and "would call Abraham". (4) Abram did not even know what a "father of a nation or a father of a kingdom" was, and he did not know that the Lord was "teasing" Abram by "making you a father of many nations". Was Abram not a "fool"? (5) A man who does not want to be the leader of a nation, who lives and works in one place, who is single-minded, is a "father of a nation", a metaphor for purity without delusion. "To be the father of many nations is to be the father of many nations. There is no such person as a "father of many nations", so "being the father of many nations" is a metaphor for having unrealistic delusions of grandeur all day long. (6) "I have made thee a father of many nations" means that Abram had unrealistic delusions of grandeur all the time. [(7) Abram! Listen carefully! "I have made a covenant with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me. (8) Abram! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It's not that I've broken my promise to deceive you, it's because you've "broken your promise" in the first place.

6. "17:6 I will make your descendants exceedingly numerous, and a kingdom from you, and kings from you": (1) "I will make your descendants exceedingly numerous" shows that Abram was anxious about not having a son. (2) You preserve sons for others so that you may have descendants. You don't kill animals so that you can have descendants. If the animal does not die as a beast, but is killed by a powerful human being with a grudge, you cannot have descendants according to the rule of "retribution for injustice". If you kill for justice and national independence, you will have good descendants. If you kill for the sake of justice and national independence, you will have good descendants, but if you kill for the sake of bullying and aggression, you will have no good descendants. (3) You yourself led your retinue to put down the plundering rebellion, you killed or expelled the unrighteous kings, you maintained the borders and internal security with your army, you ruled the country with the teaching of the Lord, and you became a king who made the people live in peace and prosperity. (4) When Abram was 75 years old, the "five kings" defeated the "four kings", and Abram defeated the "four kings" with 318 men. As a result, Abram not only failed to unite the territories of the "nine kings", but also became a "shrinking violet" and lost forever the opportunity of "a kingdom from you and a king from you". Therefore, to say of Abram that "a kingdom is established from you and a king from you" was Jehovah's way of "teasing and mocking" the foolish Abram. [(5) Abram! Listen carefully! "I make a covenant with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". (6) Abram! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It's not that I'm in breach of contract, it's because you've "broken" the contract in the first place.

7. "17:7 I will establish my covenant with you and with your descendants from generation to generation for an everlasting covenant, to be God to you and to your descendants": (1) Abram! Listen carefully! The "covenant I make with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". (2) Abram! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It is because you "broke" the contract in the first place. (3) Because of your ignorance you have broken the rules I laid down in Genesis, you have not become "perfect", you have "broken and defaulted", and I cannot "be God to you and to your descendants I cannot be "the God of you and of your seed" because you have fallen into "the moment of Satan" and Satan has become "the God of you and of your seed".

8. "17:8 I will give you and your descendants the land in which you now live, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession. I will also be their God": (1) Abram! Listen carefully! The "covenant I make with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". (2) Abram! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It is because you "broke" the contract in the first place. (3) You have broken my rules through your ignorance, you have not become "perfect", you have "broken and defaulted", and I cannot "be their God" because I cannot "be their God" because they have fallen into "Satan's time" and Satan has become "the God of you and your seed". (4) Because you have broken the rules I laid down in Genesis through your ignorance, and you have not become "perfect", I cannot give you and your descendants the land where you now dwell, the whole land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession, because you have "broken the covenant and broken the covenant ".

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 17 The Beginning of Circumcision (17:9-14)
9. "17:9 And God said to Abraham, "You and your descendants will keep my covenant from generation to generation": (1) Abram! Listen carefully! The "covenant I make with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". (2) Abram! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It's not a breach of contract on my part, it's because you "broke" the contract in the first place.

10. "17:10 And all you men shall be circumcised, and this is the covenant that I have made with you and with your descendants, which you shall keep": (1) If you were not a fool, if you were a sane and sober person, you would know that "circumcision (1) If you were not a fool, if you were sane and sane, you would know that "circumcision" (circumcision) destroys the "perfection" of man and that the "circumcised" man is not a "perfect man". (2) "All you men shall be circumcised" is the opposite of the previous statement, "Be perfect before me", so this is a major "test, a trial". Oh, one can imagine that Abraham, the "fool", would have done as he was told. He didn't even hear that the Lord was saying this was a "test" and not really asking him to "circumcise the foreskin". (3) "Be perfect before me, and I will make a covenant with you", "All you men shall be circumcised", none of you are "perfect" anymore. "I will not make a covenant with you", because you have "broken the covenant and broken the covenant". (4) "All you men shall be circumcised, and this is the covenant that I have made with you and with your descendants", a "test" to determine the extent of Abraham's foolishness. ", Abraham, the "fool", forgot about the "perfect man" mentioned earlier, and did not consider that "circumcision" would not be a "perfect man". "(5) Think about this. (5) Think about this: What did Yahweh need to "cut off the skin of the male" for? The "circumcision" did not guarantee that they would "eat meat, steal, drink wine, commit adultery, or lie". Nor does "circumcision" guarantee that they will become Christ like Jesus, or that they will live forever in heaven. Isn't "circumcision" a "joke" on fools?

11. "17:11 Circumcise yourselves, all of you, as evidence of my covenant with you": (1) "Circumcision" means that men who have offspring should know the proper way to circumcise them. After having offspring, men should know how to cut off their material desires, not to indulge in lust, to "cut off the love of flesh and blood between men and women", to reduce or even cut off sexual life, to treat their wives with courtesy, and to treat men and women with respect, so that both men and women can live long and healthy lives. This is the Chinese Taoist way of "cherishing the essence and nurturing the spirit", which is Taoist thought. (2) When you have offspring, "give up the love of flesh and blood between men and women", you have done what I have said, you have accepted my teachings, and you have "made a covenant with me". This is evidence of my covenant with you: when you have offspring, you "cut off the love of the flesh between men and women", you reduce or even cut off your sexual life, you treat your wives with courtesy, and you treat men and women with respect for each other. (3) The LORD said "circumcise the foreskin", which means "cut off the fleshly love between a man and a woman", not "remove the foreskin from the penis" at all. (4) "Circumcision" is a magic trick of the Jewish priesthood, a trick of the devil to harm people, a proof of the devil's guilt in brutalizing human beings, a play of the devil on ignorant minions. (5) It is you who have misunderstood the meaning of "cutting off the skin of the man", and it has nothing to do with Yahweh. It is you who have accepted the magic of the Jewish priesthood, "circumcision", and have allowed "circumcision" to replace "circumcision", and this is the sadness of your ignorance. (6) The Lord is not wrong, but you yourselves have misunderstood the meaning of "circumcision" because your "Jewish ritualistic indoctrination" is the "devil's indoctrination". The reason for this is that your "Jewish ritualisation" is "demonic" and that is why the devil has been dominating your thinking and has led you to this "unbelievable" farce of "circumcision". Do you understand? Westerners! Wake up.

12. 17:12 Every male of your generation, whether born in the family or bought with silver from a stranger outside your lineage, shall be circumcised on the eighth day of his life. 2:1 "2:1 And all things were made in heaven and on earth. 2:2 And on the seventh day God finished his work of creation. 2:3 And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it, because on it God rested from all his work of creation", meaning: all things were made in heaven and on earth in six days. On the seventh day the Lord rested from all his work of creation, and God blessed the seventh day and set it apart as a holy day to begin to spread the education of the sages in the world. (2) The words "the eighth day" here follow on from the words "God blessed the seventh day and set it apart as a holy day". The words "seventh and eighth day" are not true, but are a metaphor for "different periods of time". (3) "The eighth day of the birth" is not the eighth day of the birth of the child, but the day when the man's wife gives birth to the child and "gives up the love of flesh and blood between the man and the woman", and reduces or even stops sexual intercourse, and treats his wife with courtesy and respect, so that both the man and the woman can live a long and healthy life. They will live long and healthy lives. They can become Christ and live forever in heaven. (4) "Those who buy from outsiders with silver outside your seed" are hardly ever bought before the "eighth day of life", for even fewer buy children before the "eighth day of life". Therefore, the words "the seventh and eighth days" are not true, but are a metaphor for "different periods of time". (5) Circumcision not performed on the "eighth day of life" is not considered "circumcision". (6) There is no "eighth day of life" if one does not abstain from sexual intercourse after having a child, and if one does not want to become a Christ and return to the Kingdom of Heaven and begin to practice, then no "circumcision of the foreskin of the penis" is a "circumcision of the penis". The "circumcision of the foreskin" is not a "circumcision of the penis".

13. "17:13 And whatever is born in your family and whatever you buy with silver must be circumcised. (1) Those born in your family and those you have bought with silver must be "circumcised" after their wives have given birth to children, "cut off the love of the flesh between the man and the woman", reduce or even cut off sexual intercourse, treat their wives with courtesy, and treat men and women with respect for each other. (2) You have "cut off the skin of the yang". (2) When you have done so, my covenant will be established in your flesh. If you have not "broken" the covenant in your life and have the rite of Christ, you will become Christ and live forever in heaven. (3) You are able to pass on the "circumcision", the teaching of Yahweh after Noah's ark, which is the teaching of Yahweh to make man Christ. (4) O you who want to become Christ's eternal kingdom, practice the "circumcision" of the LORD and not the "circumcision" of the devil in Judaism. Do you understand?

14. "17:14 But the uncircumcised man will be cut off from the people, because he has broken my covenant": (1) A man who has children and has not "cut off the love of the flesh between a man and a woman", but still indulges in lust, has not been "circumcised". (1) The man who has a child and has not "cut off the skin of the man and the woman", but still indulges in lust and has not "cut off the skin of the manhood", and has not passed on this teaching of the LORD, is a man without Christian rites. (2) I will cut him off from the "alternative Christian people", because he has broken my covenant, so that he will lose the opportunity to become a Christian and live forever in heaven, and will have to go to hell to serve his sentence.

The True Exposition of the Book of Genesis, Chapter 17 The Name of Ezaleel is Sarah (17:15-18)
15. "17:15 And God said to Abraham, "Your wife Sarai shall no longer be called Sarai, but her name shall be Sarah": (1) Because Abram had been indoctrinated by the "Jewish priests", he became a devil-possessed slave and repeatedly misunderstood the true meaning of Yahweh. (1) Abram, having been indoctrinated by the "Jewish priests", became a devil-possessed lackey who repeatedly misunderstood the meaning of Yahweh's words, missed the opportunity to become a king of a great nation, failed to understand what Yahweh was saying, and took Yahweh's "teasing" of Abram seriously, which is why Abram was a "fool" and "shall be called Abraham". This is the reason why Abram was a "fool" and "shall call Abraham". (2) The Chinese pronunciation of the word "Sarai" means "foolishness is coming". The pronunciation of "Sarai" in Chinese is "foolish", which means "to become a fool".

16. "17:16 I will bless her, and I will give you a son from her. I will bless her, and she shall be the mother of many nations; and there shall come out of her kings of the people": (1) "I will bless her" means that I will bless "Sarah". The word "Sarah" here does not refer exclusively to "Abraham's wife", but is a metaphor for all the simple women who would be considered "fools" by ordinary people. (2) The LORD will bless all the simple women who seem to be "fools" to ordinary people, because they do not have a domineering heart that takes things from others. (3) A man who is not responsible enough to unite the territories of the "nine kings" and establish a great nation to protect the sons of others from being killed in battle is not worthy of having a son, nor is he worthy of having a son. Abram did not deserve to have a son, but only because he had a wife like "Sarah". (4) The son of "Sarah" founded many nations, and "Sarah" became the mother of many nations. In those days a nation was usually a city, or several cities, that was a nation. The establishment of several small cities was the establishment of many kingdoms. (5) All the kings of the people were born of "such a mother" as "Sarah".

17. "17:17 Then Abraham fell on his face and laughed and said in his heart, "Can a man be a hundred years old and still have children? Sarah is ninety years old, and can she still bear children?" : Is it normal for Abraham, who had always believed in Jehovah, the "idol", to stop believing in Jehovah at this time? Why did he suddenly become sober and sensible?

18. "17:18 Abraham said to God, "May Ishmael live before you": (1) Abraham was in a time when there were nine kings and no one was safe. So he said to the LORD, "May Ishmael live before you. This means that he wanted to be blessed by the LORD. (2) This shows Abraham's lack of confidence, lack of commitment and weakness of character. (3) For Yahweh, "Ishmael" becomes the Christ and realises the eternal kingdom of heaven, which is "living before him".

Genesis 17: The promise of the birth of Isaac (17:19-21)
19. "17:19 And God said, "Otherwise, Sarah your wife will give you a son, and you shall call his name Isaac. And I will be a firm covenant with him, a covenant for his descendants forever": (1) "I will be a firm covenant with him", that is, he will pass on my teaching. (2) "An everlasting covenant with his descendants", that is, his descendants will also carry on my teaching.

20. "17:20 As for Ishmael, I also promise you that I will bless him and make him prosperous and exceedingly numerous. And he shall bring forth twelve patriarchs; and I will make him a great nation": (1) The LORD has blessed not only Ishmael, but all things, and without the blessing of the LORD there would be no all things. So do not look at the words "I also promise you that I will bless him" and think that you are being taken care of in some special way. (2) The LORD is fair, and whoever keeps the "rules of the LORD", whoever carries on the LORD's teaching, and whoever is "righteous", the LORD will bless him and make him prosperous and be exceedingly numerous.

21. "17:21 By this time next year Sarah will give you Isaac, and I will make a firm covenant with him": (1) The covenant that the LORD will make with "Isaac" is to make "Isaac (1) The covenant that the LORD will make with "Isaac" is that "Isaac" will carry on the LORD's teaching. (2) All things were made by Yahweh, and all have the responsibility and obligation to pass on Yahweh's teaching, and all have the covenant to keep Yahweh's rules.

The True Exposition of Genesis Chapter 17 The Beginning of Circumcision (17:22-24)
22. "17:22 And when he had finished speaking with Abraham, he left him and ascended": (1) And when Yahweh had finished speaking with Abraham, he went away. (2) How did Abraham understand the LORD's teaching? Everyone scroll down to read.

23. "17:23 And it came to pass on that day, when Abraham did as God commanded, that he circumcised his son Ishmael, and all the men of his house, whether born in the house or bought with silver": (1) Abraham simply did not understand that the LORD had "cut off the love of flesh and blood between a man and a woman (1) Abraham did not understand the great wisdom of Christ's rituals as expressed in the word "circumcision", but rather the literal meaning of the word "circumcision" as "the removal of the foreskin of the penis", which is a sad sign of ignorance. (2) The LORD did not tell Abraham that "circumcision" meant "cutting off the foreskin of the penis", nor did Abraham ask whether the LORD meant by "circumcision" "He rashly took the word "circumcision" as "circumcision of the penis" according to his own understanding, which was a play on the words This is a farce of "no saint's heart, no understanding of the saint's meaning".

24. "17:24 Abraham was ninety-nine years old when he was circumcised": (1) The Lord said, "On the eighth day of your life, you will be circumcised", you are "ninety-nine years old". You are "99 years old" and no matter how you "circumcise your penis" it is useless, understand? Old fool. (2) Old fogey, will cutting you off make you improve your status and fulfil your promise? No, because you don't even know what an "agreement" is. You don't even know what a "perfect man" is, so the LORD will not "make a covenant with you". (3) Don't you think that the "covenant of the LORD" is "the circumcision of the penis"? By "cutting off the foreskin of the penis", does the "covenant of the LORD" become established in your flesh? (4) The word "covenant" is "agreement" and "agreement" is your willingness to abide by the LORD's rules. Keeping the LORD's rules is keeping the covenant. Keeping the covenant means that "the covenant of the LORD" is established in your flesh, which is expressed in your words and actions. (5) You keep the LORD's rules, and the LORD's covenant is established in your flesh. You keep the LORD's rules forever, that is, "make an everlasting covenant". (6) You don't know what a "perfect man" is, and you don't know what the "rules of the LORD" are, and you can't "keep the rules of the LORD", so the LORD won't "make a covenant with you". (7) A "perfect man" is a "righteous man" like "Cain and Nimrod", a Christ like Jesus. The "rule of the LORD" is the indoctrination that "makes the Christian Christ". If you do not become a "righteous man" like Cain and Nimrod, or a Christ like Jesus, the LORD will not "make a covenant with you". You will not live forever in heaven, but will go to hell.

25. "17:25 His son Ishmael was thirteen years old when he was circumcised": (1) Open your eyes and see clearly! The LORD said, "On the eighth day of life, every man shall be circumcised." Your son was "thirteen years old" and no matter how you "circumcised his penis", it was useless. Old fogey. (2) Old foolishness, the farce of mutilating children and grandchildren.

26. "17:26 On that day Abraham and his son Ishmael were circumcised together": (1) Open your eyes and see clearly! The LORD said, "On the eighth day of your life, you will be circumcised". You are "99 or 13 years old", no matter how much you "circumcise your penis". Old fogey. (2) Old fool, staging a farce of self-harm and harm to others.

27. "17:27 All the members of the family, whether born in the house or bought with silver from a stranger, were circumcised together": (1) This absurd farce of "circumcising the penis" has been going on from thousands of years ago to modern times, which shows that The devil is with us and never far away. We can only be safe from it if we become "Christ with eyes like a flame". (2) A computer search for "Abraham" in China will bring up the following information: Abraham is a prophet of Judaism, Christianity and Islam, a man chosen and blessed by God from among the creatures of the earth. Abraham is also the legendary common ancestor of the Hebrew nation and the Arab nation, among others. (3) Abraham's occupation, surprisingly, was "prophet of Judaism, Christianity and Islam". We know from Genesis who Abraham was and that the "prophets" were clowns who staged ignorant farces. We can imagine what kind of church groups "Judaism, Christianity and Islam" are. (4) The reason for this information is that the Jewish community has been in China for hundreds of years under the guise of Christianity. The "end time judgement" of today began in China and then spread throughout the world.

(1) "17:11 And you shall all be circumcised (note: "cut off the foreskin" in the original), which is the evidence of my covenant with you". "This means that in the earliest days of Genesis it was not "circumcision" but "circumcision of the male skin", which was misinterpreted by later generations and became "circumcision "This Jewish ritual was misunderstood by later generations. When Judaism became an ecclesiastical group, "circumcision" was replaced by "circumcision", the true meaning of Yahweh was obliterated, and demonic indoctrination became the norm. (2) The "circumcision" that followed the misinterpretation of the "circumcision" is a disgrace to human civilization and a farce in which the devil's group plays with their slaves. (3) The man "Abram" is the typical "antagonist" that Jehovah left in the Book of Genesis, an "ignorant clown", in order to show us his The purpose of this is to warn us not to follow the same path as Abram, and not to perform the same farce as Abraham did, after seeing his "ignorant and ugly performance". (4) Through the person of "Abram and Abraham", the Lord tells us that the older the person, the more "old and foolish" he is, and that we should not be superstitious about older people. If you have the pedantic idea of "valuing the old and despising the new, respecting the old and despising the strong", you will be misled by the "old fools".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 25 Aug 2017 11:50 26 19:15pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei


 ()



