Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 1) The Sixth Sign of Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 1 Blessed is he who reads and hears and keeps (1:1-6)
27-1:1, "1:1 The revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave to him to show his servants the things that must be done quickly. And he sent messengers to John his servant": (1) "the revelation of Jesus Christ", the revelation of Jesus Christ to Christians who believe in Jesus. (2) "That is, God gave him", that is, God gave Jesus the authority to write the Book of Revelation. (3) "That he might show his servants what must soon be done", that Jesus might show all Christians who believe in Jesus "the last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb", which must soon be done. (4) "And he sent messengers to John his servant", and Jesus sent messengers to John his disciple to write a book of Revelation to convey the "revelation" of Jesus to Christians.
27-1:2, "1:2 Then John testified to the word of God and to the testimony of Jesus Christ, as he saw it": (1) "The word of God" is the teaching, the method, the way for Christians to become Christ. Any indoctrination that does not enable Christians to become Christ is not the "Word of God", it is the "way of the evil one". The "Word of God" is to expose "falsehood and ugliness" and to promote "truth and goodness". Without exposing "falsehood and ugliness" and promoting "truth and beauty", it is not the "Word of God", but the "Word of the evil gods and devils (2) Jesus rebuked Judaism. (2) Jesus rebuked the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and it was in this way that Jesus Christ "testified to the word of God". Jesus did not flee, knowing in advance that his disciples would betray him; he did not beg for mercy in the face of official and demonic cruelty, but went to his death, thus "testifying to the Word of God". (3) To "testify to everything you see" means to speak freely, to be spontaneous, not to hide, not to give in, not to give the devil the opportunity to be unscrupulous. If you do not see the devil's arrogant words and actions, you do not have "eyes like a flame", which means you are a mere mortal. If you see them and cannot prove them all, you do not have a "two-edged sword" and you are a coward who is afraid to die.

27-1:3, "1:3 Blessed are those who read the prophecies of this book, and those who hear them and keep them, for the time is near": (1) The prophecies of this book are "the last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb". (2) "What is written therein" are the details of the "seven churches" of the group of Christian churches that have corrupted Christianity, the "unveiling of the seven seals" of the Lamb, the marriage supper of the Lamb, etc. (3) Blessed are the Christians who know the details of the "Last Judgment and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb" prophesied in the Book of Revelation, as well as the "unveiling of the seven seals" by the Lamb, the Wedding Feast of the Lamb, etc., for the "Last Judgment and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb The date of the official coming of the "Last Judgment and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb" is near. (4) Q: Is the date of the "Last Judgment and the establishment of the Kingdom of the White Sun" near? Answer: Yes. The so-called Last Judgement is the display of the accumulated retribution of mankind and the re-emergence of the new world after the holocaust.

27-1:4, "1:4 John wrote to the seven churches in Asia. May it be from God, who was, who is, and who will be forever, and from the seven spirits who are before his throne": Q. Why "seven churches"? Why is there no "twelve churches" when there are "twelve disciples of Jesus"? Answer: (1) The fact that Jesus had "twelve disciples" but not "twelve churches" means that the "seven churches" were not simply seven churches formed by seven disciples, but must have had another meaning. There must be a deeper meaning. (2) Without truly becoming Christ, without understanding the microcosm of the human body, without microscopic anatomy of the human body, without knowing what the "three bodies, four wisdoms, three souls and seven spirits" are, one cannot know what the "seven churches and the seven spirits before God and His throne" are. (3) The Lord set up the "seven churches and the seven spirits before the throne of God". (3) The Lord set up "the twelve tribes of Israel", which is the Chinese "twelve signs of the zodiac and twelve branches of the earth", meaning a complete week of heaven. "The number "twelve" was left as a pretext for the future Christianity to find common ground with Chinese culture. The number "Jehovah" means that the Jesuits would come to make peace with China because of their imperfection. (4) The "seven churches" metaphor: the seven situations that arise in the Christian Church and the enlightenment of the seven situations. (5) Asia is the most populous continent and has the oldest name, Asia Asia. The word "Asia" is an ancient Phoenician word meaning "land of the rising sun in the east", as opposed to "land of the setting sun in the west" in Europe. Phoenicia and the Jews were close relatives, belonging to the same West Semitic people.
(6) The "God who was, is, and will be forever" is the unborn, invisible, and omnipresent formless reality, the source of all life that exists eternally, the one true God, also called: the Creator, God, the Mother of All Living, Buddha Nature, the Original God, the Dharma Body, the Divine Order, and the Gog. All things in this world are transient and illusory because of the four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness" (birth, old age, sickness and death).
(7) "The seven spirits before his throne" are the seven deities and angels before the throne of God, which are: the corpse dog, the fugitive, the bird yin, the swallowing thief, the non-poisonous, the defiling, and the smelly lung, which are the seven prana of Taoism. It is only when a person has the seven pranas that he or she is a functional and normal human being. Each person's seven pranas come from "the seven spirits before his throne". This is the reason why Confucius said, "The Tao cannot be separated for a moment, but it is not the Tao that can be separated. (8) The lungs have breath and the prana, and in the living body there is the prana, which is attached to the spirit of consciousness and used by the spirit of consciousness, and the spirit of consciousness is born from the prana. The Prana is also the Yin, the essence of the God of Knowledge. If the spirit of consciousness does not cease to exist, then the transformation of the prana will never cease. The "three souls and seven spirits" are not referred to as the "three souls and seven spirits", but as the "spirit of consciousness" (Magog). The "yin spirit" can be divided into seven parts, namely the seven prana (corpse dog, fuyao, bird yin, swallowing thief, non-poisonous, obscene, smelly lung), which are in charge of the physiological activities of the human body, and the seven emotions (joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire) are manifested when the seven prana are in balance. (9) The human being has life by the breathing of the lungs, and the vital energy is allowed to descend on the human being and at the same time produce the spirit of consciousness, without the normal work of the lungs, the human being would have no life. The vitality of the lungs is prana, or prana. The normal work of the lungs is accomplished through the seven orifices (a collective name for the seven orifices of the head and face: the two eyes, the two ears, the two nostrils and the mouth) that communicate between the inside and outside of the body. "The "seven pranas" are the seven orifices that supply air to the lungs, the seven orifices that connect the two eyes, two ears, two nostrils and the mouth of the throat and trachea. Without them, the lungs would not be able to function properly. (10) "The corpse dog and the fugue" are the two eyes. The two ears are the "bird's yin and the swallowed thief". The two nostrils are the "non-poisonous, defiling" ones. "To ward off odour" is the mouth and tongue. (11) When a person learns Buddhism or becomes a monk, the absence of the "seven emotions and six desires" means that the "vasanas" are eliminated, and the person will not be afraid of life and death. The "prana" will be reborn, so that the person will become a vigorous and powerful person who is willing to die for God.

27-1:4, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Jesus asked John to write to the seven churches who knew John and trusted him and had read his earlier epistles. Is that right? Answer: Yes.
"After he had written this letter to these seven churches, the churches could read it and then pass it on to the next church in a clockwise direction along the Roman road. The epistle was passed around the seven churches in a circle around the province of Asia (today's Turkey)." Is that right? Answer: It was a wild guess by the Jewish missionaries.

27-1:5, "1:5 And to Jesus Christ, who is an honest witness, the firstborn from the dead, the King and Head of the world, be grace and peace with you": (1) God told Jesus: not to be a believer, to go straight to breaking the lies of the world's deceivers, to expose the deceivers for what they are, that is, " Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like shining brass, and has received a rod of iron". Jesus went ahead and became the infinite Christ, showing that God had not lied to him and that Jesus was the one who "testified to the truth" of God. (2) The "first resurrection from the dead" was not a physical resurrection, but a "spiritual immortality". For Jesus denounced the "Old Testament" Judaism as a demonic group, revealed his own nature (Gog) as "one with God", gave his life for the truth, left a legacy of reflection and enlightenment, and arrived in heaven with full success.
(3) It is not really the "head of the kingdom that governs the world", but the "head of the kingdom" of the religious people of the world who believe in "making Christians the indoctrination of Christ", that is The Christian Patriarch who broke up "Judaism" and put an end to the "Old Testament era" and inaugurated the "New Testament era". (4) It is not the case that if one believes in "Christianity" and reads the Bible, Christ will unconditionally "grant you favour and peace". It is that by studying the Book of Revelation one becomes "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like shining brass, and with a rod of iron", and thus has the wisdom to see through the vast amount of demonic heresies in the "Old Testament", and to avoid being subjected to the ubiquitous "Satan". This is the "conditional" form of "grace and peace be with you".

27-1:5, "1:5 He loved us and freed us from our sins by his own blood": (1) "He loved us" is not in words and slogans, but by calling the Jewish group "hypocritical scribes, blind leaders". blind leaders". In his death, Jesus told the world that the Jewish community, which practised the Old Testament, was a demonic group that was harmful to people, and that the world should stay away from the Jewish community, which practised the Old Testament, or else they would suffer the cruelty of Judaism. Jesus, who loves us in this way. (2) If you read the Bible and do not know that the Jewish community that practices the Old Testament is a demonic group that harms people, that you do not know what Judaism is in the guise of Christianity (singing hymns and prayers, doing charity work), and that you do not turn away from the Jewish community that practices the Old Testament "Jewish religious orders", you have not received the love of Jesus, and Jesus has not loved you, because you are Jewish and it is the devil who loves you. (3) Instead of hating the Judaism that killed Jesus, you have been "drugged" by the Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, you have sung Hymn 211 - The Fountain of Blood, you have become slaves to the "I really believe, I definitely believe, Jesus suffered for me" without thinking. You have not received the love of Jesus, and Jesus has not loved you, because you are Jews in the guise of Christianity, and it is the devil who loves you.
(4) It is not the killing of Jesus that "frees us from sin", it is not the killing of anyone that "frees us from sin", it is the killing of anyone that "produces sin", it is the deliberate killing of animals that "produces sin". Killing anyone "produces sin", and killing an animal intentionally "produces sin", not to mention killing. The practice of the "Jewish priests" in the "Old Testament" of killing animals to sacrifice to God "to please God and to counteract their own sins" is the devil's way of feeding the world "It was a farce to teach people to "bribe, cover up their sins, and be selfish" and to put on a "cover-up". This is why Jesus rebuked the Jewish Church. (5) It is not true that Jesus "freed us from our sins with his own blood", but that through "the death of Jesus by the Jewish Church" we need to see that the "Old Testament" was being practised by If we do not see that the Judaizers who practise the Old Testament are "Satanic demons", then we need to stay away from them in order to avoid harm. If we fail to recognise that the Jews who practise the Old Testament are "Satanic demons" and take "Jewish doctrine" (the Old Testament) to be "Christ's indoctrination", Jesus has not freed us from "Satan's" cruelty and our ignorance has contributed to "In this way the blood of Jesus is shed in vain. (6) It is not true that Jesus "freed us from our sins with his own blood", but that through "the death of Jesus by the Jewish Church", we should not expect "Jehovah, the righteous God" to save and absolve us from our sins. All "salvation and forgiveness of sins and blessings" are lies of "Satan", because "Jehovah, the righteous God" does not come to save "His If we expect the "righteous God Jehovah" to save and absolve us from our sins and believe in "salvation and forgiveness of sins and blessings", we will not be saved from the cruelty of "Satan". "Our ignorance also contributes to the sin of "Satan", and in this way the blood of Jesus is shed in vain.

27-1:5, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "It is written in the Scriptures that the prophets, the Lord Jesus and the apostles, in their ministry, raised some from the dead, but that those people died again", Q: (1) "(1) "It is written in the Bible that the prophets (Jewish priests) raised some people from the dead, but those people later died again" is a farce by "Satan". (2) "It is written in the Scriptures that in their ministry the Lord Jesus and the apostles raised some from the dead, but those who died later", because these "wretched people were hated", because they were so demonically challenged that even if they were given the chance to be born again, they would still be dead. Even if they are given the opportunity to be born again, they will eventually fall away because they cannot overcome their selfish desires. (3) It is not the "flesh" of some who have been raised from the dead, but the "essence, the soul" of man. In their ministry, Jesus and the apostles awakened the "conscience" of some people, but they did not overcome their own selfish desires and gave in to "Satan's" persecution. They chose "realistic interests" and lost the opportunity to "rise from the dead and reach the kingdom of heaven" and fell into hell.
27-1:5, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Jesus is the first person who never died again after being raised from the dead, and he has a body that never perishes (1 Cor 15:20). So he rose first from the dead": (1) Jesus was the revolutionary who exposed Judaism as an evil group of people, called the public to turn away from Judaism, which practised the "Old Testament", and gave his life for justice. No religious person, without the words and deeds of Jesus, who broke up the demonic groups that harmed the lives of people, can rise from the dead and live forever in heaven as the Christ who will die no more. (2) It is not "he who has an incorruptible body", but "he who has an incorruptible soul". (3) 1 Corinthians "15:20 But Christ has been raised from the dead, and is the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep." Do people see that? The phrase "He has a body that will never perish" is not found in (1 Cor 15:20), indicating that this is the devil's way of creating disinformation within Christianity.
(4) "He was the first to rise from the dead" does not mean "He has a body that will never perish", but "He has a soul that breaks down Judaism as a demonic group, that raises people to consciousness, and that never perishes ". (5) If Jesus had not spoken and acted to break up Judaism as a demonic group, if he had not spoken and acted to raise people to consciousness, if he had not given his life for truth and justice, he would not have had an incorruptible soul.

27-1:6, "1:6 And made us a nation, a priesthood to God his Father. To him be glory and power for ever and ever. Amen!" (1) We are not made into ordinary citizens, but into citizens of "Jesus Christ, the King and Head", that is, into members of the Church of Jesus, into the "Christ" who will carry on the legacy of Jesus and continue to break up the demonic group of Judaism. (2) No one who has not become a Christ like Jesus, who is willing to die, or who has not broken the demonic group of Judaism in word or deed, is a national of "Jesus Christ the King and Head". Christians who have become Bible-reading Christians without the words and deeds of Jesus to break up the Jewish demonic group are "traitors and scum in the nation of Jesus Christ". (3) The "priest of God the Father" is a Christ like Jesus. To be a nation of "Jesus Christ the King and Head" is to be a Christ like Jesus. No Christian can be "a priest of God his Father" without being a Christ like Jesus. (4) The Jewish priests who practised the "Old Testament" were all "priests of God", but they were in fact "priests of evil gods and devils". Jesus' use of the words "priests of God" here is intended to draw people closer to Judaism, to give the impression that it is similar to Jewish doctrine, but is in fact a "test" to test your wisdom. If you hastily assume that it is the same as what the Jewish priests used to say in the Old Testament, you will be a devil-possessed lackey. (5) Jesus himself was not a "priest of God"; Jesus was against the "Old Testament priests"; Jesus was put to death on the cross by the Jewish priests who carried on "Old Testament thinking". Jesus would never have wanted Christians to be "priests to his Father", but to be Christ, which is the true Christianity.
(6) Christians who have become believers in Jesus have endorsed the teachings of the "Old Testament" and promote them as "Christian doctrine", and Jesus has no "glory and power". Jesus has no "glory and power" because Christians have become Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, and are in league with Judaism, which killed Jesus, and is the "Satan" who uses "Jewish doctrine" to obliterate "Christian doctrine". The incarnation of "Satan" who uses "Jewish doctrine" to obliterate "Christian doctrine". (7) Christians become Christ, which is the expression of the "glory and power to him". No Christian has become a Christ like Jesus. Christians have become minions who "sing hymns and prayers" and long for "God's blessing", showing that Jesus has no semblance of "glory and power". "It shows that the devil and his group have the "glory and power" to corrupt Christianity.

27-1:6, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "He loved us, and was crucified for us, and purchased us with his own blood, that we might be freed from our sins through faith in him": (1) He loved us because we did not know how to practice "(1) He loved us because we did not know that the Jewish Church, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group, but by exposing Judaism and being crucified by Judaism, he told us that the Jewish Church was a devilish group and that we had thus turned away from Judaism and preserved our lives. This is what "He loved us and crucified us". (2) If we do not know what Judaism is under the guise of Christianity and do not oppose the "Old Testament", Jesus did not love us, he did not "crucify us", the blood of Jesus did not buy us, and we cannot We would not have been "freed from our sins". (3) If we do not realise that "God did not save his only Son, Christ, nor will he save any of us; we cannot save ourselves with great wisdom", then the blood of Jesus has not purchased us and we cannot be "set free from our sins". (4) We realise that "God did not save his only Son, Christ, nor will he save any of us; we have to save ourselves with great wisdom", so that the blood of Jesus has purchased us and we can be "set free from our sins".
(5) For we cannot realise that the writings in the Old Testament (with the exception of Genesis) are all demonic writings by the "evil god Satan" under the guise of the "right god Jehovah". "So Jesus' death by crucifixion is a call to us to turn away from the "priests" (Jewish missionaries) who practise the "Old Testament". (Jewish preachers). (6) If we do not realise that the "priests" (Jewish missionaries) are the incarnation of the "evil god Satan", the blood of Jesus will have been shed in vain; this also shows that we do not believe in "Christ" but in "Jewish priests". This also means that we do not believe in "Christ" but in "the priests of Judaism", and that we are not "freed from our sins".

27-1:6, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "And he gave us the assurance of the kingdom of heaven and the priesthood, so that we might serve others": (1) Remember, this is the devil's "ecstasy ". (2) Beast, Jesus himself was not a "priest", Jesus was killed by a "priestly group", Jesus himself could not protect himself, how could he "give us the assurance of the kingdom of heaven and the priesthood How could he "give us the assurance of the kingdom and the priesthood"? (3) The "assurance of the kingdom and the priesthood" were earned by Christians themselves by becoming Christ like Jesus and by their words and deeds of rebuking the Jewish Church, not by anyone at all. (4) Dogs, none of you have the words and actions of Jesus against the "priests" (Jewish missionaries), and none of you know that the "priests" (Jewish missionaries) who practise the "Old Testament" are the "evil god Satan". You do not know that the "priests" (Jewish missionaries) of the "Old Testament" are the incarnation of the "evil god Satan" and that even though Jesus has given you the "assurance of the kingdom of heaven", you will still ignore the "Old Testament" road to hell. (5) Christianity is the indoctrination of Christians to be Christ, not "that we may serve others" at all. "That we may serve others" means that Christians should honestly serve "priests and ministers", for Christians are "lambs" to be shepherded by "priests and ministers". The "Lamb".

Revelation 1 On the coming of the Lord (1:7-11)
27-1:7, "1:7 Behold! He comes with clouds, and all eyes will see him, even those who stab him, and all the tribes of the earth will weep because of him. These words are true. Amen": (1) "All eyes will see him, even those who stabbed him" means that "Christianity" will flourish with the killing of Christ, thus allowing Jesus to mourn for all time.
(2) "All the nations of the earth will weep because of him" is not "he loved us and freed us from our sins by his own blood", but through the killing of Jesus we know what "falsehood and ugliness and true beauty" are. It was through the killing of Jesus that we learned what "falsehood and ugliness and true beauty" are, and that the "evil god Satan" always uses "kings and Jehovah" to hype himself and make "kings and Jehovah" a tool to promote his demonic heresy. Through the killing of Jesus, we have learned which of the "Old Testament" is being used by the "evil god Satan" in the guise of the "righteous god Jehovah" to demagogue people; for through the killing of Jesus, we have become the "new Christ" who exposes "Judaism as an evil religion", as Jesus did, and we have become children of Yahweh in the Kingdom of Heaven; we have become aware of the truth "through his guidance We are entitled to "weep" (actually rejoice) after heaven because we have become "new Christs" with the great wisdom to see that "Judaism is an evil religion", "through him". "(actually rejoicing).
(3) Jesus would never want "all the nations of the earth to weep because of him", which is something that neither Christ nor Yahweh would want. Christ and Jehovah want everyone to see which "evil gods of Satan" in the "Old Testament" are compelling people under the guise of the "righteous God Jehovah", so that they can be protected from them. This is the "fruit of Jesus' life", this is the "because of him" (crucifixion) that we will never repeat the same mistakes, become the "new Christ" and reach the kingdom of heaven. "Jehovah, Jesus and the new Christ", we can only rejoice, the "new Christ" will at most "weep with joy" and never "mourn The "new Christ" will at most "weep for joy", but never "mourn".
(4) Those who "mourn" can only be: those who are not wise, those who recognize the thief as their father, those who pass on the "Jewish doctrine" (singing hymns and prayers) as "Christ's indoctrination", those who did not live to "break down the old" as Jesus did. They were not able to become the "new Christ" who "broke the old covenant" as Jesus did, because they did not participate in the "marriage supper of the Lamb" and did not receive the "right to judgment". (5) "This is a statement of the "new Christ" who did not become a "new Christ" like Jesus who "broke the old covenant" and who did not participate in the "marriage supper of the Lamb" and did not receive the "right to judgment", but lived a wasted life and "wept" in hell.
(5) "These words are true. Amen", please remember that such words are full of "metaphors and mysteries". It is not because it is "true" that it is unshakable and unchangeable, but rather it is a reminder that we should not really take it as "true", and that the more we emphasize the "true" the more false it is. This is the divine test of our great wisdom, and the deeper the meaning here, the more we must be sensible and sober to understand.
(6) If we read the Scriptures without knowing the difference between "metaphor and mystery, dragon's gate and antithesis", without alertness, and if we take the meaning of the text in a one-sided way, we will surely miss the true meaning and misunderstand the divine meaning.

27-1:8, "1:8 And the Lord God said, "I am Arafah and I am Omerga" (note: "Arafah" and "Omerga" are the Greek words for "first and last"). "(a) (1) The "first" is Wuji (the first heaven); Wuji is invisible and omnipresent, and the Tao is hidden and nameless. (2) Confucius said: The Tao cannot be separated for a moment; it is not the Tao that can be separated. Buddha said: Buddha's dharma is boundless. Laozi's Tao Te Ching: The Tao is a thing, but in a trance, in a trance, there is an image, in a trance, there is a thing, in a myth, there is an essence, its essence is very true, there is faith. The world is a place where things are mixed, where heaven and earth are born, where there is silence, where there is independence, where there is no change, where there is circumambulation, where there is no danger, where there is a mother of heaven and earth, where I do not know its name, so I am forced to call it the Tao. (3) The Tao is our nature. Confucianism calls it conscience; Buddhism calls it vajra, also known as bodhicitta; Taoism calls it the door to life and death, also known as the god of the valley. In short, it is the nature of Buddha. Although the names are different, in fact they are one. This nature is one, and it comes from the heaven of infinite reason. In heaven it is called reason, or heavenly destiny; to man it is called nature, or the mind of the Tao, or conscience. To act according to this nature (conscience) is called the Way. (4) Laozi said: "There is no name, the beginning of heaven and earth, which is like the "O". The Tao is so big and nameless that we can barely give it a name, "Tao". (5) This "Dao" is the path to return to the innate "non-duality", and this "nature" is the only emperor ["Ming Ming God (5) This "Tao" is the path of the return of the "Immortal God" and this "nature" is the only son of the Emperor. This conscience is the manifestation of everyone's work, and is called the heart of the Way.
(2) The "end" is the Taiji (the afterlife); it is the name, the mother of all things, which is like the "one". The "yes" of taiji is made up of yin and yang (the two rhythms), which are the fundamentals of all things. It also includes yin and yang, rigidity and flexibility, odd and even, up and down, male and female, and so on. The way of heaven and earth is nothing but yin and yang. In the Book of Changes, there is the Taiji, which gives rise to the two rites. The two yi give birth to the four elephants, the four elephants give birth to the eight trigrams, and the eight trigrams determine the state of heaven and earth.
(3) The relationship between the "first and the last": (1) The creation of something out of nothing. Wuji begets Taiji. The first is born from the second. (2) The Tao is big and invisible and strong in the form of "circles". The circle is the static image of one, the whole of the Tao in a round of false reasoning; the one is the moving image of the circle, the one that is scattered in all the different, the use of the Tao. The circle moves for life, one shrinks to a point, the point extends to one, O circle, a point, in fact, the movement of static expansion, infinite changes. "The release of the six" is said to be one, "the volume of the retreat hidden in the secret" is said to be a point. It is the master of all spirits. (3) "Tao" is the essence of nature and reason, that is, the ultimate truth. It is endowed with human nature and is therefore called "nature and reason", that is, "conscience". It is the true path of life and death, and is the most mysterious "true transmission of nature", the secret treasure of the oral and spiritual teachings of the ages. It is the most mysterious "true transmission of nature" for all time, the secret treasure of the oral teaching of the heart. It is used to teach and transform the world, and is the use of the Tao. The Tao is the body, the teaching is the use. The root of a tree is the Tao, the branches and leaves are the teachings. Therefore, it is said that the five religions have the same source and are united. (4) Buddhism says: to clarify the mind and see the nature, all dharmas return to one. Taoism says: cultivate the mind and refine the nature, hold the yuan and keep one. Confucianism says: to preserve the mind and nurture the nature, and to hold on to the centre and to be consistent with one. The Yayas say: wash your mind and shift your nature, and pray silently for oneness. The Muslim religion says: "To be steadfast in one's mind, to be clear in one's truth. The five religions have the same origin and purpose. What is "one"? It is the unique truth, the Way of Heaven. (5) All things, all categories, all numbers cannot be separated from the One. The One is also the Way, the constant and unchanging Truth, the Way of Heaven. Confucius said: "My Way is one and consistent. To teach is to accumulate virtue and do good deeds, to cultivate the mind and nourish the nature, and to prepare the foundation for the future to be able to enter the world.
(4) All human beings come from nothing (the Head, Yahweh, the Self, Gog, the invisible but real and immortal Kingdom of Heaven). The human body and soul (the soul of life, Magog, the end) in this life should be dedicated to the truth (with the words and deeds of "Christ"), as Jesus did, so that the soul (the end) in this life may reach "The soul (the end) should then return to the eternal nothing (the first), achieve the complete return of the "first and the last" (the unity of heaven and man, the wedding feast of the Lamb), and become the Christ who returns to the kingdom of heaven.
(5) "The Almighty who was, is and will be forever", meaning: to become in this life the "immortal" and eternal, omnipotent God like Jehovah. It is only by becoming the "New Christ" who is the "First and the Last" and who has infinite power, like Jesus, that he can become the "immortal" and eternal, omnipotent God like Jehovah. (3) It is the "Almighty" who does not exclude the existence of other denominations and who is equally well versed in their teachings. Christianity rejects all denominations other than its own, considers all denominations as "unholy", does not really know the doctrines of other denominations, and does not know the reason for the "five denominations". Therefore, it is not the "Almighty" who is leading Christianity, but the extremists who are leading Christianity, making Christians narrow-minded, selfish and "frogs in the well". (4) The "Almighty" means that all divine beings are of the same origin and that the three Buddhas of the ten directions share one Dharma body. When one has learnt one Dharma, one knows all Dharmas and the Dharma is interchangeable, one is an "Almighty". The "Almighty" is another title for Christ. (5) Jesus was the first and last person to demonstrate his power to "subdue demons and heal the sick" in the Western world. If the master did not have the power, he would not be "Christ", and the "new law of the breaking of evil" (Christianity) would not be credible. After the initiation of the faithful, the doctrine is the main focus, and there is no more display of the divine power, for the divine power is the "last" and the doctrine of the "marriage supper of the Lamb" is the "first". (6) To be Christ at the "marriage supper of the Lamb" is the "first" and the miraculous power of Jesus to "heal" is the "last". (7) The power of Jesus to "heal and save" is the "last".

27-1:8, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Jesus is the first and the last. He is the eternal Lord and Ruler of the past, present and future (cf. 4:8; Isa. 44:6; 48:12-15)": (1) In other denominations in foreign countries, there are as many divine persons who, like Jesus, have achieved the fullness of the "first and last" and returned to the Kingdom of Heaven. (2) Like Jesus, he is not the first or the last. (2) Like Jesus, he was the first and the last to break through to enlightenment (overthrowing Jewish doctrine), to give his life to uphold the truth, and to die in mourning and glory for all time. (3) He is not the eternal Lord and Ruler of the past, present and future, but he is the eternal Lord and Ruler of the past, present and future of "Christianity".
27-1:8, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Nothing is eternal except Him, and nothing can change your life, nor save you from your sins": (1) Remember, this is all (1) Remember, this is all "satanic demonic". In the eyes of "Christianity" (actually Judaism), all believers in Christ are "poor sinners, because Jesus died for you". (2) Jesus is eternal because he broke the teachings of Judaism and gave himself for the truth. (3) The crucifixion of Jesus shows that God did not save his only Son, Jesus, nor will he save any of us; we must save ourselves by our own great wisdom and never repeat the mistakes of Jesus. This is the truth that Jesus changed our lives and is the most precious legacy that Jesus left to the world. (3) If you are still listening to the lies of the Judaizers under the guise of Christianity that "God loves the world and Jesus died for us", Jesus has not only failed to change your life, but also failed to save you from the hands of "Satan's demons", and the blood of Jesus has been shed in vain. The blood of Jesus has been shed in vain.

27-1:9, "1:9 I, John, am your brother, and I am partaker with you in the trouble and kingdom and patience of Jesus, who was on the island called Patmos, for the word of God and for the testimony of Jesus": (1) It is not that you have picked up the Bible and become a "Christian". ", "John is your brother". Those who pick up the Bible and do not know that the Old Testament, with the exception of the Book of Genesis, is a Jewish doctrine that Jesus opposed, and consider themselves "Christians" are Such people are shameless incarnations of "Satan's demons" and are not "brothers of John" at all. (2) Those who take up the Bible and promote the teachings of Judaism in the "Old Testament" as if they were Christian teachings are not only not "brothers of John", but are also Judaizers who are corrupting Christianity from within, and are The "enemies of Jesus, who killed John's master" are "hunting down Christianity". (3) Only if you know that Jesus was killed by Judaism, and if you know which of the "Bible" is "Jewish doctrine", and if you tell those around you which of the "Bible" is "Jewish doctrine "Only with such a state can "John be your brother" and "be with you in the person of Jesus". Only in this way will "John be your brother" and "share with you in the sufferings, in the kingdom, and in the patience of Jesus".
(4) The "sufferings of Jesus" are: Jesus was born in a time of magic when Jewish doctrine was rampant and the Jewish priests were demagoguing people under the guise of God. The words of Jesus, rebuking the Pharisees (Jews who practised the teachings of the Old Testament after Genesis): "Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! Woe to you who lead blindly!" There are eleven such expressions of Jesus' "hatred" in Matthew 23:13 onwards. Not only are you not in Jesus' position, but you do not even know that the teachings after Genesis are mostly "satanic lies" that Jesus rebuked, and you are not "partakers in the sufferings of Jesus (5) "The kingdom of Jesus". (5) The "kingdom of Jesus" is a Christian world that Jesus killed out of Judaism with "eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass and a rod of iron". Not only do you not have Jesus' realm, but you do not even know the true meaning of "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in your mouth, and feet like a rod of bright bronze and iron", so you cannot be "partakers in the kingdom of Jesus", you cannot You cannot walk with Jesus "in white". (6) The "patience of Jesus" is that he can only tell you the Christian doctrine (the book of Revelation) in parables, which makes the doctrine much less relevant, and he can only "endure" in the face of your incomprehensible reading. Christians do not know that the doctrine after Genesis is the Jewish doctrine that killed Jesus. Christians do not know that the "chanting of hymns and prayers" is not a "Christian doctrine", that the "appearance of the Virgin Mary in Catholicism is an absurd farce" and that "the Church, priests and ministers" were the "acts of the Nicolaitans, whom Jesus hated", and so on. Jesus had to "endure" in a situation where Christians were not even clear about the minimal concept of "Christianity" (Christ's indoctrination). Jesus had to "endure" in the face of misinterpretation and misinformation by the Satanic group (the Christian churches) before the Centrist Church had expounded the Book of Revelation.
(7) He did not know what the "word of Satan the devil" was, nor did he know what the "word of God" was. Knowing that all kinds of "priestly procedures and religious rituals" are "the way of Satan the devil" and are the opposite of "the way of God", with such a state of consciousness With such a state of consciousness, "John is your brother", the witness to the "Christianity" of Jesus. (8) "But flesh has blood, and that is its life, and you shall not eat it. Those who think this way are Jewish people who have been misled by the "priests" of Judaism (Satan the devil), who take the "word of Satan the devil" for the "word of God". They will pass on the "Word of God" as the "Word of God", and they will promote the "Old Testament" as the "teachings of Jesus"; they can only argue that the "Word of Satan" is the "Word of God". They can only testify that the "Word of Satan" is the "Word of God" and that the "Word of Satan" has replaced the "Word of God" (Jesus' indoctrination), but not at all The "testimony to Jesus".

27-1:9, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "At that time, Christians were suffering severe persecution, and almost all believers were facing social, political and economic persecution, and some were even being martyred": (1) This was because of the (1) This is because, because of the "legal movement", the words of Jesus becoming "the Christ" cannot be spoken in the vernacular and have a strong "metaphorical" element, which cannot be understood by ordinary people at first hearing. It was not really "universal" and therefore was "blocked" by the Roman emperor. (2) If you read my explanation of the Bible, you will know the reason why Christianity was "sealed".
John was banished to the island of Patmos for preaching the gospel. We may not have been persecuted like these early believers, but we enjoyed great freedom and rarely shared God's word with others": (1) The most famous gospel preached by John is this one, the Book of Revelation, but no one on earth has unpacked the "marriage supper of the Lamb and the last judgment", indicating that his gospel was a "half-baked" one. The gospel he preached was a "half-baked" product. This is why John was banished to the "eight devils' islands" to suffer, and why the Emperor outlawed "Christianity". This was the reason why John was banished to the "eight devils' islands" to suffer, and why the Emperor outlawed "Christianity". (2) In China, Christianity, along with Taoism, Buddhism and other miscellaneous religions, was banned during the Cultural Revolution (16 May 1966 to October 1976) because none of these religions could make a person a "Christ with infinite power". They were all demonic groups that used God as a pretext to commit sins. Although freedom of worship was granted after the Cultural Revolution, these sects all reduced people to "Judaism" in word and deed, and promoted the "Old Testament" Jewish teachings as Christianity, without anyone "sharing the word of Christ with others". No one "shares the word of Christ with others"; and the "singing of hymns and prayers" is used to discredit the words and actions of Jesus in breaking with Judaism to reveal "Christ".

27-1:10-11, "1:10 And on the Lord's day I was moved by the Holy Spirit, and I heard behind me a loud voice like a trumpet, saying, 1:11 Write what you have seen in a book to the seven churches of Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia, and Laodicea": (1) God's work of creation was finished, and on the seventh day He rested. And when he had finished, he rested on the seventh day from all his work and rested, and Sunday was the day of rest of the Lord, the Sabbath. (2) "When the Lord's Day" means that it is just in time for Sunday. (3) The seven churches of Ephesus, Stephanas, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia and Laodicea are a metaphor for the seven situations that arise at any given time in Christianity, and the enlightenment of the seven situations. (4) Since everyone has "joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and lust" (the seven spirits before God and His throne), the prevalence of a particular emotion results in a separate situation, and so there are "Ephesus, Stephanas, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia, Laodicea "These are seven of the more common problems of the church. To solve these seven common problems in the church, we need the "seven golden lamps" to shine through the darkness of foolishness caused by the prevalence of the "seven spirits".

Revelation 1: The Glory of the Saviour (1:12-16)
27-1:12-13, "1:12 And I turned to see who was speaking to me with a voice. 1:13 In the midst of the lampstand was one like the Son of Man, clothed in a long garment that went down to his feet, with a golden sash around his chest": (1) It is not that the "seven golden lampstands" are a metaphor for the "seven churches" that conveyed Jesus' teachings. (1) It is not the "seven golden lampstands" that convey the "seven churches" that Jesus taught, but rather the seven scenarios of the future of Christianity after Jesus' death and his enlightenment about them. There are many such parables, the purpose of which is to enlighten people, to give them the wisdom to know right from wrong, and to reveal the "Christ" (the child of God) for what he is. The teaching of the "devil Satan" is to make people stubborn and slaves to God by "taking the meaning of the text". (2) "In the midst of the lampstand is one like the Son of Man", the heart of the "seven golden lampstands", like the North Star.

27-1:14, "1:14 His head and hair were white as white wool and snow, and his eyes were like a flame of fire": (1) "His head and hair were white as white wool and snow", indicating that Jesus was pure and without blemish; it also indicates that the "end of the world" on December 21, 2012 The true Christian doctrine will be revealed to the world with the Chinese Lamb's True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, after the "year of the three suns", which will follow the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012. (2) "His eyes were like a flame of fire", which means that Jesus had the "eyes of fire" to see through the true nature of the "demon Satan" (Judaism is a demonic group), and had the ability to see the truth, discern right from wrong, break down falsehoods and open up confusion. He had the wisdom to see what is true and what is not, to remove falsehoods and preserve the truth, and to break through confusion and enlightenment. (3) "Eyes like a flame of fire" is one of the important signs of Christ, the first sign of Christ. If one cannot discover the "vast amount of demonic heresies in the Old Testament and the lies in the New Testament", then one does not have "eyes like a flame" and is not Christ, but is "blind".
27-1:14, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The golden ribbon girding his breast showed that he was a high priest who would go before God and ask forgiveness for those who believed in him": (1) Do you see? The "devotional version" was written by "Judaizers", the demons who referred to Jesus as a "high priest", and "high priest" is a Jewish term. The "high priest" is only found in Judaism and is a demonic incarnation of the Jewish religion that performs religious rituals and demagogues. (2) Jesus was killed by the "high priest" of Judaism, and today's "spiritual version" of the interpretation makes Jesus the "high priest", indicating that Judaism is corrupting "Christianity" from within The "Christian" religion is corrupting "Christianity" from within, showing that the Jewish "priests" continue to murder Jesus and his followers to this day.

27-1:15, "1:15 The feet are like bright bronze in a furnace, and the voice is like the sound of many waters": (1) "The feet are like bright bronze in a furnace", except that "the soles of the feet are bright and do not walk in evil ways "besides trampling down demonic and evil sayings underfoot; having the hardness and strength to trample down demonic lies. (2) "Feet like bright brass" is one of the important signs of Christ, the second sign of Christ. If you cannot trample on the devil's lies, you do not have the state of "feet like bright bronze", and you are not Christ, but "a rootless wood, a lame man". (3) When he speaks of religion, his "voice is as the voice of many waters", he speaks with clarity and power, with strength and boldness. (4) "A voice like the voice of many waters" is one of the great signs of Christ, the third sign of Christ. If you cannot break the lies of the devil with a loud voice, you do not have the state of "a voice like the voice of many waters", and you are not Christ, but a "sick man with insufficient righteousness".

27-1:16, "1:16 And he took in his right hand seven stars, and out of his mouth came a two-edged sword with a face like a blazing sun": (1) The "seven stars" turned and had four seasons, spring, summer, autumn and winter, as a metaphor for spreading in the world The authority to "make Christians into Christ" is a metaphor for spreading the word of Christ in the world. (2) The "seven stars" are a metaphor for the "words and deeds of Jesus" that shine through the darkness of the whole universe, strike down foolishness with a rod, open up wisdom, and bring people back to heaven. (3) The fact that "he held the seven stars in his right hand" indicates that he was the one who broke the darkness and enlightened people, and that he was the one appointed by God to carry out the teachings for a period of time. It was not the disciples of Jesus who formed the seven influential churches. (4) "Holding the seven stars in his right hand" is one of the important signs of Christ, the fourth sign of Christ. If one cannot shine through the darkness of the whole universe, strike foolishness with a rod and open wisdom, then one does not have the state of "holding the seven stars in his right hand", and he is not Christ, or "if he does not shine, he cannot shine to others".
(5) "A two-edged sword came out of his mouth" is a metaphor for Jesus' use of Christ's words to refute the words of the "demon Satan" (outside of Genesis) and kill him. The "Old Testament" teachings of Judaism), exposing Judaism as a demonic group of murderers of wise men, and revealing the true "gospel of the return to the kingdom of heaven". Whoever has the words to break the demonic group is the Christ (Messiah, the child of God) who has the "sword of righteousness, the sword of Jehovah". (6) The "two-edged sword in the mouth" is one of the major signs of Christ, the fifth sign of Christ. If one cannot refute the words of Satan, the devil, and at the same time preach the true "gospel of the return to the kingdom of heaven", one does not have a "two-edged sword in his mouth", and he is not Christ, or He is not Christ, but he is "unable to subdue demons himself or protect others".
(7) The rhetoric of breaking up demonic groups reveals the original face of Christ as a demon-slaying god. He will never submit to any demonic group, he will never deal with any demonic group, and he will become the Christ (Messiah, the child of God) who is like death and cannot be sinned against, and his face will be "like a blazing sun". (8) The "face as the sun shines" is one of the major signs of Christ, the sixth sign of Christ. Without the general appearance of being deathlike and unassailable, there is no "face as the sun shines", and one is not Christ, or one is "not majestic in himself, nor can he glorify God".

Revelation 1: The Lord holds the keys of death and Sheol (1:17-20)
27-1:17, "1:17 When I saw it, I fell down at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand on me, saying, Fear not! I am the first and I am the last": (1) I am the first religious person to "break the martyrdom of the evil one to heaven" in the Western countries, I am the glorious one who will follow the Last Judgement at the end of time, and I am the guiding light for those who live on earth and want to return to the Kingdom of Heaven. I am a signpost, a teacher, a beacon of light for those who are alive and want to return to the Kingdom of Heaven. (2) I came from the Kingdom of the Unseen to become Jesus, I completed the religious revolution of "overthrowing the Old Testament era and opening the New Testament era", and I returned to the Kingdom of the Unseen after having died as if I had died and been martyred. (3) I was the first to overthrow Judaism and found Christianity. It was after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012 that I led Christians to accept the Baiyang indoctrination of the Chinese Lamb, so that Christianity could be "upgraded" and participate in the "wedding feast of the Lamb The "wedding feast of the Lamb", a tutor for the full elevation of the human soul in the Western world.
27-1:17, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Our transgressions have condemned us and condemned us, but Jesus holds the keys of hell and death, and he alone can release us from the eternal bondage of Satan; believers need not fear hell or death ": (1) You Judaizers in the guise of Christianity, you have no idea what "Jesus holds the keys of hell and death" is all about, because you do not have Jesus to break the "hypocritical scribes and those who practice "You do not practice the "teachings of Jesus" and therefore do not have the realm of Jesus. You do not know that the "priests" of the Old Testament were all spokesmen for the "devil, Satan", and therefore you are all Judaizers in the guise of Christianity, and you do not have access to "You do not have the keys to hell and death that Jesus holds. (2) You do not have the wisdom to break the Old Testament, nor do you have the general attitude to judge the "Pharisees" (the priests who practised the Old Testament), but you can only get "You all followed Satan, the devil, into hell and died there forever. (3) Believers do not have to fear hell or death "while they are still alive", because death and hell have not yet arrived. You did not break the wisdom of the "Old Testament" and judge the "Pharisees" (the priests who practised the "Old Testament") in your lifetime, and you did not receive the "You are not true "Christians", you are all Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, and you were "headless and crazy ghosts" in life. It is useless to be afraid in hell.

27-1:18, "1:18 He who lives again; I died, and now I live again, to live forever and ever, and hold the keys of death and of Hades": (1) The whole world knows the name of Jesus, so Jesus "lives again". (2) I saw that the Judaizers who practised the "Old Testament" were harming people and that Judaism was a devilish group that was bewitching people in the name of God, and I chose to die as a wake-up call to show the world that Judaism was a devilish group. Although my body died, my soul did not die, so I am alive again and will live forever and ever. (3) "Take the keys of death and the underworld" means: Religion is a spiritual home, and if you want to be like me and have your soul come to heaven for eternal life after death, you have to be like me when I was alive and broke up "the hypocritical scribes and the Pharisees who practised the "Old Testament "If you want to be like me and have your soul come to the kingdom of heaven and receive eternal life after your death, you will have to show the true nature of the heavenly God, Christ, by "judging and pronouncing judgment" on them as I did on the Pharisees who practised the Old Testament. The "Christ" of heaven is the true face of the demon. If you do not reach my level and instead practise the "Old Testament" (the doctrine of Satan) as if it were the doctrine of Jehovah, you hold the key to hell in hell after death. (4) If you did not become a Christ like Jesus in life, you hold the keys to Sheol after death. If you have become a Christ like Jesus before you die, you hold the key to eternal life in heaven after death. (5) Christians, who "sing hymns and prayers and do charity", have not become Christ like Jesus, and therefore hold the keys to Sheol after death.
27-1:18, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Whenever we try to take charge of our lives, or defy God, we go to hell. But when we put our lives into the hands of Christ, we can have eternal, peaceful fellowship with him": (1) This is the exact tone of the "demonic Satan" (Pharisees, priests, Judaism), for "not being able to control your own life, fearing God" is the Pharisee's word. God" is the doctrine of the Pharisees (Old Testament), which is the opposite of breaking the "Old Testament" and judging the "Pharisees" (the priests who practiced the "Old Testament"). Jesus' words and actions are diametrically opposed to those of the Pharisees (the priests who practised the Old Covenant). (2) With the words and actions of Jesus, who broke the Old Covenant and judged the Pharisees (the priests who practised the Old Covenant), he "gave his life into the hands of Christ". into the hands of Christ". Look at you "Christians", you do not have the words and actions of Jesus, which means that you have not "given your lives into the hands of Christ". The fact that you do not have the "two-edged sword of Jesus" on your lips means that you have not "put your lives into the hands of Christ" and that you are not true "Christians".

27-1:19, "1:19 Write therefore what you have seen and what is, and what will be": (1) "Write what you have seen", truthfully what you have seen, in the book of Revelation. (2) "The things that are now" are the situation that arose in the Christian church at that time, and Jesus gives a detailed account of it. (3) The "things that will come to pass" are the "last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb". The "all written out" is for the Christians to know, so that they may be prepared. (4) Jesus' prophecy of "things that will come to pass" shows that there is sufficient divine confidence that the "things that will come to pass" are within divine expectation and control. (5) The "things that will come to pass" have today become "things that are happening now". Is it a "sure thing"? Wait and you will see.
27-1:20, "1:20 Concerning the mystery of the seven stars which you saw in my right hand and the seven golden lampstands, which are the seven messengers of the church, and the seven lampstands are the seven churches": (1) Whoever has Jesus break the "hypocritical scribes and those who practice (1) Whoever has the words and deeds of Jesus to break up the "hypocritical scribes and Pharisees who practised the Old Testament" is the "North Star, the Christian Star, which dominates the seven stars", the "new Christ", the "ambassador of the Christian Church". He is the "messenger of the Christian Church", the "golden lampstand" that shines through the darkness of the world and leads people to the kingdom of heaven. (2) Otherwise, he is a "messenger" of the "devil Satan" under the guise of Christianity, a "Pharisee or Jew" who hunts down Jesus' disciples and obliterates his teaching. (3) The "seven stars and the seven golden lampstands" are obvious, pure, precious and serious things, a metaphor for the "seven conditions" that will not disappear and will continue to exist throughout the ages. (4) The mystery of the seven stars and the seven golden lampstands is not "the seven stars are the seven messengers of the Church, and the seven lampstands are the seven Churches", but is a metaphor for the seven conditions that will occur at any time in Christianity, and the enlightenment of the seven conditions; it is the seven evils of Christianity, the seven demons of Christians, the seven ways to overcome them, and the seven ways to become a Christian. The seven doctrines and conditions for Christians to become Christ, the seven mantras, the seven gifts that make Christians Christ.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 4 Apr 2017 17:45:23 Edited 10 June Edited 18 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









