Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 45 Joseph's fainting mind
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down and worship those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) The "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.

Genesis 44 Joseph's mind was faint (45:1-15)
45:1 Joseph could not help himself before those who were standing on his right and left, and gave a command, saying, "All the people must leave me and go out!" When Joseph identified himself with his brothers, not one of them stood before him.
45:2 Then he let out a loud cry, and all the Egyptians and those in Pharaoh's house heard it.
45:3 Joseph said to his brothers, "I am Joseph; is my father still here?" His brothers could not answer, for they were all terrified in his presence.
45:4 Then Joseph said to his brothers, "Come near, please." And they came near, and he said, "I am Joseph your brother, whom you have sold into Egypt.

5. "45:5 Now do not grieve yourself because you have sold me here, for God sent me before you to preserve life." (1) "God sent me before you" to open your eyes and learn from the experience of civilized society, to compare your shortcomings with those of the "nomads" and to improve yourself. (2) Egypt has already become a great nation with a king, but you "Israelites" are still in the situation of wandering around as a family, because you do not yet realise that you worship the Lord as an "idol". (3) Only by recognising the ugliness of your family can you truly "preserve your life". You have become minions of Satan and do not know it, but you think you are Jehovah's patentee; you are the only ones who are good, and the gods that slander others are "unholy", and although you Jews "preserve life", you are actually soulless and dead! The "walking dead".

6. "45:6 Now the famine of the land has been two years, and there are five years in which it cannot be plowed or harvested." (1) There were seven years of famine, which Jehovah told Pharaoh in a dream, and Joseph was merely a dream interpreter, indicating that the "prophet of Jehovah" was Pharaoh of Egypt, not Joseph. (2) The family of Jacob, as the "prophets of the LORD", not only did not know that "seven years of plenty would be followed by seven years of famine", but also came to Egypt to buy grain, which is a complete subversion and devastation of the family of Jacob as the "prophets of the LORD". This was a complete reversal and devastating blow to the family of Jacob as "prophets of the Lord", which was a great shame to the family of Jacob.

7. "45:7 God sent me before you in order to preserve a remnant for you in the world, and to give great salvation and to preserve your lives." (1) "God sent me before you" to show you what a civilized society is, to show you that the LORD is not only your family, but that the Egyptians and the whole world are the children of the LORD, and that the LORD will not come to save the Egyptians because they do not "sacrifice to the LORD". The Lord would not come to save the Egyptians because they did not "sacrifice to the Lord". (2) Joseph, Pharaoh's dream is for you to tell your family what a "prophet of the LORD" is, but your family is not a "prophet of the LORD" at all. (3) "Preserve your lives" so that you can continue to compel people under the guise of Jehovah, for the world cannot be without the devil, and without satanic groups like yours, people would not be wise and no one would become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire "You are the "companions and indispensable" for the fulfilment of Christ.

8. "45:8 So it is not you who sent me here, but God. And he has made me like the father of Pharaoh, the lord of his house and ruler of all the land of Egypt." (1) "It was not you who sent Joseph here, but the LORD" is a tone that would have disgusted the Egyptians and all normal people, showing that the "idols of the LORD" were deeply rooted in their hearts. (2) It was clearly his sinful brothers who sold him into Egypt, but he said, "It was not you who sent me here, but God", which is the ugliest thing about the "prophet of the LORD". (3) Do you see? Although Joseph had been in Egypt for many years, his family genes had not been lost at all. He had completely replaced his father Jacob, and Jacob did not have to worry about having a successor to the "prophet of the LORD". (4) Joseph, I ask you! Do you know what a "servant and a father" is? Pharaoh told you to "be the lord of his house and the ruler of all the land of Egypt", and he told you to be Pharaoh's "most trustworthy and powerful servant", but how did this become "making me like Pharaoh's father"? How did this become "making me like a father to Pharaoh"? This means that you have been overwhelmed by glory, that your mind has become foggy, that you have laid the foundations for the Exodus, because you, a child of a poor family, have not received a good education since childhood.

9. "45:9 Go up to my father with all haste, and say to him, Thus says your son Joseph: God has made me Lord over all Egypt; come down to me without delay." : (1) Joseph, let me pour some cold water on your head! The "Lord of all Egypt" is Pharaoh, and God made "Pharaoh" the Lord of all Egypt, not you Joseph. You, Joseph, are a servant working for Pharaoh, do you understand? (2) Joseph, you are from the mountain valley, aren't you? Didn't your father Jacob tell you what "the Lord of all Egypt" was? You are so poorly educated. (3) Egypt believes in the "sun god", and Egypt is a place governed by the sun god, and it is the sun god who made you a servant to Pharaoh, not your "Jehovah", understand? You ignorant foreigner. (4) The fact that you came to Egypt, where you believed in the "sun god", and went through "trials" shows that you are a righteous person, so the sun god made you "a servant to Pharaoh to interpret his dreams and work", not at all He did not "make you the Lord of all Egypt". How can you not even understand this? (5) Joseph, I ask you! You have not seen your family as a wise man, but when you see your family you have become a beast who does not know right from wrong? Do you realize that your family has a poison in them that makes people lose their wisdom?
(6) Joseph, I ask you! What would Pharaoh have done to you if he had known about your words, "God has made me like a father to Pharaoh, and God has made me the Lord of all Egypt"? What would Pharaoh have done to you if he had died and the new Pharaoh had known? Joseph, you have shown the germ of the "exodus". (7) Joseph was a wise and righteous man before he met his family, but after he met his family, he said, "God has made me like a father to Pharaoh, and God has made me the Lord of all Egypt". What did his brother bring with him that made Joseph turn his back on his own and talk nonsense? Think about it, people.

45:10 that you and your sons and your grandsons, even your cattle and your flocks, and all that you have, may dwell in the land of Goshen, close to me.
45:11 and there I will serve you; for there is still five years of famine, lest you and your dependents, and all that you have, should be defeated.'
45:12 Moreover, your eyes and the eyes of my brother Benjamin have seen that it is I myself who have spoken to you.
45:13 You shall also tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of the things you have seen, and you shall hasten to carry my father to me."
45:14 Then Joseph fell on the neck of Benjamin his brother and wept; and Benjamin wept on his neck.
45:15 And he kissed his brothers on the mouth, and held them and wept; and afterward his brothers spoke to him.

The True Exposition of Genesis 44 Pharaoh invites Joseph's family to Egypt (45:1-15)
45:16 And the wind came to Pharaoh's palace, saying, "Joseph's brothers are coming." Pharaoh and his servants were delighted.
45:17 Pharaoh said to Joseph, "Command your brothers, saying, 'Do this: carry the pack on the animals and get up and go to the land of Canaan.
18. "45:18 Carry your fathers and your dependents to me, and I will give you the good things of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat the fat produce of the land." : (1) Joseph, did you hear what Pharaoh said? "Bring your fathers and your families to me", this is Egypt, which means "God has not made you lord over all Egypt", it is Pharaoh who is lord over all Egypt, not you Joseph. Do you understand? Joseph. (2) Joseph, how is it that when you see your brothers, who "wanted to kill you but sold you", you say, "God has made me like the father of Pharaoh, and God has made me the Lord of all Egypt"? What is wrong with you? Is it because you can't stand to "eat the fat produce of the land"?

45:19 "Now I command you to do this: 'Take your vehicles from Egypt and bring your children and your wives and your fathers.
45:20 Do not love your furniture in your eyes, for all the beautiful things of all the land of Egypt are yours.'"
21. "45:21 And so the sons of Israel did. And Joseph gave them vehicles and food for the road, as Pharaoh had commanded him": (1) Joseph's brothers were the "sons of Israel". The "sons of Israel" were the group who "sold their brother when they wanted to kill him", the sons of Jacob, the "prophet of the Lord", who came to Egypt to buy grain after the famine. The sons of Jacob, "the prophet of the Lord", who came to Egypt to buy grain after the famine. (2) In the eyes of the Israelites, there was only one true God, Jehovah; any god other than Jehovah was an "unholy idol". Egypt was a nation that believed in the sun god, and the sun god was "unholy" in the eyes of the Israelites. If the Israelites had a backbone, they should not have come to a place where there were "unholy gods". (3) The nation that believed in the sun god did not suffer from famine because God had given Pharaoh a dream, showing that Pharaoh was the true prophet. The fact that the Israelites who believed in the Lord did not know about the famine shows that the Israelites were abandoned by the Lord and that the Israelites were not "prophets of the Lord". In order to show Jacob that he was not a "prophet of the LORD", Joseph was sent to Egypt to show him what a true prophet was, and then Jacob was sent to Egypt to see if he knew what shame was. This is the real reason for letting Israel come to Egypt.

22. "45:22 And he gave each of them a suit of clothes, but Benjamin was given three hundred pieces of silver and five suits of clothes": (1) This shows that the "sons of Israel" were selfish, and that they were not just and fair. (2) This is the opposite of the teachings of Jehovah, who is righteous, just and righteous. This means that the "sons of Israel" were being taught by Satan.

45:23 And he gave his father ten male donkeys, carrying the good things of Egypt, and ten female donkeys, carrying grain and bread and vegetables, for his father's journey.
45:24 So Joseph sent his brothers back, and said to them, "Do not fight against each other on the road."
45:25 And they went up from Egypt, and came to Jacob their father in the land of Canaan.
45:26 and told him, "Joseph is still there, and is ruler over all the land of Egypt." Jacob's heart was cold, because he did not believe them.
45:27 So they told him all that Joseph had said to them. And their father Jacob, and when he saw the vehicle that Joseph had sent to fetch him, his heart was awakened.
28. "45:28 And Israel said, "It is only! It is only! My son Joseph is still here, and I will go and see him before I die." : (1) Israel, Egypt is a place of faith in the sun god, an unholy place for the Israelites who believe in Yahweh; therefore, Jacob, holy you should not go to Egypt. (2) Jacob, doesn't the fact that you have gone to Egypt, which believes in the sun god, mean that you have no faith? Does this not mean that you have abandoned your faith in Yahweh? (3) Israel, are you not a "prophet of the LORD"? Did you not see Joseph's bloody garment and determine that he was dead? Did you not mourn for days? How could you have the face to go to Joseph? Have you no shame? What kind of "prophet of the Lord" are you? Stupid pig.

(1) The nation that believed in the sun god did not suffer from famine because God gave Pharaoh a dream, showing that Pharaoh was the true prophet. The fact that the Israelites who believed in the LORD did not know about the famine shows that the Israelites were abandoned by the LORD and that the Israelites were not "prophets of the LORD". (2) In order to show Jacob that he was not a "prophet of the LORD", Joseph was sent to Egypt to show him what a true prophet was, and then Jacob was sent to Egypt to see if he knew what shame was. This is the real reason for having Israel come to Egypt. (3) The Old Testament is Jehovah's teaching material for us to know the true nature of Satan. The "prophets of Jehovah" in the Old Testament are all images of Satan, and in this way Jehovah makes us "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". Jehovah's unconventional approach to doctrine is now called "reverse thinking". Did you get it?

Posted by Li Huaiju on 12 Sep 2017 17:03 min 19:40 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






