Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (chapter 2) The church is the "Nicolaitans" I
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 2 Send a letter to Ephesus (1:1-3)
27-2:1, "2:1 Write to the angel of the church in Ephesus, saying, "He who has the seven stars in his right hand, and walks among the seven golden lampstands, says": (1) The word "Ephesus" means "relaxed ", or "enviable". (2) The word "Ephesian church" means that when one comes to the church and does not learn, one sees that others are going with the flow, and one "relaxes" and forgets that the original purpose of joining the church was to become Christ. (3) The "messenger of the church in Ephesus" is the first case of "relaxation" after joining the church, because he has been misled by those around him and has forgotten that he came to Christianity with the intention of becoming an "enviable" Christ. (4) The person who only becomes a "Christian" by becoming a "Christian". (4) It is only right to be an "ambassador of the Church of Christ", and it is wrong to be an ambassador of any church or church other than "ambassadors of the Church of Christ". (5) The first step in learning Christianity is to become a person who breaks the "Old Testament and Pharisaic orders outside of Genesis", which is the first step in becoming a Christian. Otherwise, they are Judaizers under the guise of Christianity.
(6) The one who "holds the seven stars in his right hand and walks among the seven golden lampstands" is the one who presides over Christian edification and is charged with the mission of making Christians into Christians. (7) In order to solve the seven common problems of the Church, which are "joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire", Jesus gave "seven enlightenments", which are the "seven golden lamps". These "seven enlightenments" are the "seven golden lamps" that shine through the darkness of foolishness caused by the prevalence of the "seven spirits", and this is the meaning of "walking in the midst of the seven golden lampstands". This is the meaning of "walking among the seven golden lampstands".

27-2:1, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "For a long time the church in Ephesus refused to tolerate sin in the congregation. It was not easy to do so in a city of idolatry and moral decay. We live today in a similarly sin-ridden and lust-ridden generation, open to many forms of evil in the name of 'personal choice' or 'alternative lifestyles'. Once the community of believers begins to tolerate the spread of sin in the church and moral standards decline, the church loses its witness. Remember: God's approval is much more important than the world's approval": (1) It is Judaism under the guise of Christianity that does not regard "the cross, Christ, the singing of hymns and prayers" as "idolatry" This is a sign of "tolerance of sin in the congregation" and a sign of the entry of Jewish doctrine into Christianity. (2) "The approval of God is much more important than the approval of the world", as one would know from reading the "Old Testament", and such a tone was used by the Jewish missionaries in the "Old Testament" "The "spiritual version" of the interpretation was therefore produced by Judaizers under the guise of Christianity.

27-2:2, "2:2 I know your works, your labours, your patience, and that you cannot tolerate the wicked. You also tested those who called themselves apostles but were not apostles, and saw that they were false": (1) The "labours" of making known the words and actions of Jesus in rebuking Judaism and making Christians the Christianity of Christ are the real apostles in "giving fearlessness, law, and courage". (2) "Chanting the praises of Christ". (2) Such "labours" as "singing hymns and prayers and doing charitable works" are false apostles "preaching falsehood, demagoguery, and harm to the wisdom of men", and corrupting from within (3) Knowing that all the church groups are "the apostles of the devil". (3) It is "patience" to know that all church groups do not promote true Christianity, and to tell those around you, as they please, what "Christianity that makes Christians Christ" is. Knowing the truth that "the way is born of the devil", one uses "patience" with those who do not accept the advice of the lost.
(4) "Knowing also that you cannot tolerate evil" means that you share Jesus' righteousness, and that you are therefore an "ambassador of the church" in Christianity. To "tolerate the wicked" is to harbour criminals, to be an accomplice of the wicked, to be vile and shameless, and to be a demon possessed by "unclean spirits and Satan". (5) How do you "test those who call themselves apostles but are not, to see that they are false"? Answer: He who, like Jesus, "cannot tolerate the wicked" and dares to judge the wicked, is the apostle of Jesus' ministry. Those who "tolerate the wicked", who find excuses for the wicked, and who dare not judge the wicked, are not apostles of Jesus. (6) He who has the great wisdom to distinguish between "apostles" and "apostles" is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire". Whoever of you does not have the great wisdom to distinguish between "apostles" and "apostles" will become a disciple of "Satan the Devil" under the guise of Christianity.

27-2:3, "2:3 You also are patient, having laboured for my name, and were not weary": (3) What is "my name"? What name does Jesus have? Jesus has the name of scolding the Pharisees (the Jews who practised the doctrines of the Old Testament after Genesis) as "woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the hypocrites". If Christians do not proclaim the name of Jesus, who rebuked the Pharisees (who practised the post-Old Testament doctrine of Genesis) as "Woe to the scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", they do not "have laboured for my name". "You are not a "Christian" but a speculator, an ambitious man, a mongrel, a Jew, a devil, mixed up with "Christians".
27-2:3, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The church at Ephesus was commended for its diligence, for its patience, for its resistance to sin, for its prudence in examining the presumptions of false apostles, for its endurance of suffering, and for not having abandoned the faith. Every church should have these characteristics, but all these virtues should stem from our love for Jesus Christ": (1) Do you see? This is the face of the shameless Jewish "priests". (2) Jesus is talking about the name of the Pharisees (who practised the doctrine of the Old Testament after Genesis) as "woe to the blind leaders", but he says "Every church should have these characteristics, but all these virtues This is how the "devil Satan" discredits Jesus for judging the Jews.

Revelation 2: Losing the first love (2:4-7)
27-2:4, "2:4 However, there is one thing I will reprove you for, that you have forsaken your original love": (1) for loving "the Christ of heaven" and wanting to be like Jesus, "the Christ of heaven "This is the "original love" of every Christian who enters Christianity and becomes a Christian. (2) "You have forsaken your original love" means that after becoming a Christian, you have "forgotten your original desire to become a Christian". Why? Because when you see people around you slacking off, you follow them and slowly learn to be bad and then vile. Learning to be good requires overcoming oneself, and the constant tightening of strict control is exhausting. (3) When they became Christians, they learned that Jesus was killed by Judaism, and at first they studied the Christian spirit of Jesus, who broke the Old Testament and practised the Jewish religion, but later, seeing that no one else did so, they slowly "turned away from their initial love for Jesus". (4) The original intention of entering Christianity and becoming a "Christian" should have been to become a "second Jesus", but later on, because of the eloquent "priests and ministers" they met, they were not able to argue with them. Later, because they had not argued with the Jewish people in the guise of Christianity, they were too timid to "judge" them, as the majority of "Christians" had not done. This is what Jesus most "rebuked", for "forgetting his original heart".

27-2:4, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Paul had praised the church in Ephesus for its love of God and people (Eph 1:15), but many of its founders had died, and the second generation of believers had lost their zeal for God. The church in Ephesus was a very busy church, doing a lot of social service work, but from the wrong motives. Work for God is not sustainable if it is not based on love for God": (1) New Testament Ephesians "1:15 Therefore, as I have heard that you have believed in the Lord Jesus and are dear to all the saints", not at all "Paul had praised the church in Ephesus for loving God and people (cf. Eph. 1:15)". This shows that the "devotional version of the interpretation" is a misinterpretation of Christianity by the devil's group while promoting magic through Christianity and discrediting it. Since no country has corrected these deceptive lies, the demonic groups are legitimate religious groups, and therefore the demonic groups are above board. This is the "Age of Magic". (2) "Many of the founders of the church have died, and the second generation of believers has lost their zeal for God" are the words of "Satan the devil". Since Jesus had only been dead for ten years at the time of the Revelation, many of Christ's disciples were still alive and well, and it was not yet time for a "break in the generation". (3) The fact that "believers have lost their zeal for God again" means that he has become the judge of Judaism and that a "new Christ" has been born, which is pleasing to "God, Jehovah, the Christ". (4) "Ephesians" is a word of advice. (4) "The church in Ephesus was a very busy church, doing a lot of social service", all these things were said by the "devil Satan" and were often done by the Jews in order to promote their own compassionate image and to cover up the erasure of The purpose is to promote their own compassionate image and to cover up the sinfulness of the "edification of Jesus", and therefore "from wrong motives". (5) The words "work for God is not sustainable if it is not based on love for God" are the words of "Satan the devil", for true "work for God" is to judge the Pharisees as Jesus did, so that the people may know the truth. The true "work for God" is to judge the Pharisees, as Jesus did, so that people may know what is "false and ugly and what is good and beautiful".
27-2:4, [Explanation of the "spiritual version":] "Zeal and knowledge are necessary if our burning love for God is to remain unchanged and undefiled (cf. Heb 10:32, 35). Do you love God with the same zeal today as you did when you first believed": (1) These are the words of the "devil Satan". "A burning love for God that remains unchanged and undefiled" makes you a slave to God and does not make you the "Christ" who judged the Pharisees as Jesus did, which is "Satan the Devil". This is what pleases Satan, the devil, and what grieves Jehovah and Jesus. (2) The New Testament Hebrews "10:32 Remember the days of old, when you endured all the sufferings of the great battle after you were enlightened. 10:35 Therefore do not forsake your courageous heart, for in such a heart you will receive a great reward" is not at all "our burning love for God must remain unchanged and undefiled (cf. Heb. 10:35). Our burning love for God must remain unchanged and undefiled (Heb 10:32, 35)". This shows that the "devotional version of interpretation" is a misinterpretation of Christianity by demonic groups while promoting magic through Christianity. Since no country has corrected these deceptive lies, the demonic groups are legitimate religious groups, and therefore, the demonic groups are all righteous. This is the "age of magic".

27-2:5, "2:5 Therefore consider where you have fallen from, and repent, and do the things you did at the beginning. If you do not repent, I will come to you and remove your lampstand from its place": (1) To be able to think of where you fell from means that you have made a big step forward; if you think you are right, you are still in your foolishness. If you do not know where you have fallen from, and if you cannot repent, you have become the incarnation of the "devil, Satan". (2) "Do what you did at the beginning", and after a while you should reflect on yourself to see how far you have fallen short of your "original intention" and whether you have "forgotten your original intention and have become a different person". (3) The "lampstand" is the great wisdom that shines through the darkness and foolishness, the great wisdom that discerns right from wrong and breaks through the confusion and enlightenment, the primary stage of "eyes like a flame". "When the light of the lampstand grows brighter and brighter, and when the "eyes are like a flame", the state of Christ is attained. (4) If, after reflection, you still do not have the words and deeds of the Pharisees, as Jesus did, you are not an "apostle of Jesus", which means that you do not repent, and I will come to you and remove your lampstand to its place and withdraw your Christianity. You cannot spend yourself as "Jesus the second", nor are you qualified to be an "apostle of Jesus".
27-2:5, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Just as the lampstand in the temple was to shine for the priests, so the church should shine brightly all around. Jesus warned the church that if they did not fulfil their function, their light would be extinguished. The church is to repent of its sins": (1) Remember that such words were spoken by "Satan the devil". (2) "The lampstand in the temple is illuminated for the priests", for the priests will compel people in the name of God. The "priests in the temple" were the "blind leaders" of Jesus' trial. (3) Jesus did not preach the law in the temple, but among the people. (4) The place where it is said that "Christians are made to be Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" is the true temple. Any place that does not make Christians Christ is a devil's den under the guise of God. (5) The Church should also be the "blind leader" who judges like Jesus, and who shines a light around. (6) All churches that do not have a "blind leader" who judges like Jesus are to repent of the sins they have committed. For it is only the "blind leader" who judges that everyone knows what Christianity is.

27-2:6, "2:6 Yet another desirable thing for you is that you hate the works of the Nicolaitans, which I also hate": (1) If you do not "hate", you cannot show that "the LORD (1) If you cannot "hate evil", you will not be able to show the true nature of "Jehovah, Christ" as a man of love and hate, and you will not be able to "heal the sick and punish evil and promote good". I have "what I hate", and this is the true nature of Jesus, which is the core doctrine of Christianity. Knowing that the Judaizers who practised the "Old Testament" had killed Jesus, he showed himself to be the "hated one" by breaking Judaism, and this is the "Christian, the new Christ". (2) The "hatred of the Nicolaitans" is one of the major marks of Christ, the seventh mark of Christ. Without the general attitude of "hating the Nicolaitans", one does not have the state of "Son of God" and is not Christ, that is, one "does not love truly, nor does he hate evil".
(3) "The priestly system of the Roman Catholic Church, the sacramental system of the Anglican Church, the priestly system of the Reformed Church (Protestant, Christian), the three-tier system of the Orthodox Church", these "systems" give birth to the "priesthood" (priests, ministers, priests, priests). The "names" of these "systems" (priest, pastor, archpastor, bishop, archbishop, high priest, high priest of monks, priest of priests) are in fact the "priests and high priests" of Judaism, which are the acts of the "Nicolaitans", hated by Jesus in heaven, and are the acts of the whole "Nicolaitans" today. This is the behaviour of the "Nicolaitans" who are hated by Jesus in heaven and are the mainstream of "Christianity" today, indicating that "Satan the Devil" has entered "Christianity" and has created this abnormal situation. (4) The "demonic Satan" spreads "ecstasy", so that people do not have a sense of good and evil, so that they take what is wrong for what is right and what is false for what is true, so that they can take what is evil for what is good, and take the teachings of the "Old Testament" for what is "true". This is the only way to pass on the doctrines of Judaism as if they were "New Testament" Christianity.
(5) The word "Nicolaitanes" means "climbing above the laymen", and here it refers to "the behavior of the interlocutors". There was a group of people in the Church who thought they were above the "lay people" and did all the "spiritual" work there, thus giving rise to the "intercessory class", which later evolved into The "priestly system of the Roman Catholic Church, the sacerdotal system of the Anglican Church, the priestly system of the Orthodox Church", etc. (6) The word "Nicola" is derived from two Greek words: "nico" meaning "conquest" and "ras" meaning "layman". " means "laymen". In short, someone was doing something in the early church that was controlling the "lay people". If the "lay people" were being controlled, it must have been by someone in power. People were subjugated in a way that was not at all in accordance with the Word of God. As Paul points out in 1 Cor 14:26: Everyone can participate in the ministry, but they want to make certain "saints" the head of the congregation as a "priest or clerical class". The fact that they want to dominate Christianity in imitation of paganism shows that pagan ideas have infiltrated Christianity and that the "devil Satan" has entered Christianity. (7) A change in one person is a small thing and can be dealt with easily, just as "Brother Hai" said: the whole congregation prays for him and he can be changed. But today we must see that the worst thing is not what happens to one person, but the behaviour of an individual "Nicolaitan", which is not enough to be a "Nicolaitan party". party", it is certainly not a single person! It is already an organisation or a small group or clique. The reason why the "climate" has developed is that the actions of the Nicolaitans have become the "lessons" of the Nicolaitans. "This "teaching", which was not the will of God, was "legitimized" and accepted by the "church"! This means that the "Church" has become a demonic group manipulated by the "Devil Satan" to corrupt Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity. (8) The "popes, priests and pastors" (that is, the Jewish "priestly" missionaries) are above the "laymen" who separate themselves from the rest of the congregation and call those who make up the congregation "laymen". They separate themselves from the rest of the congregation and call the people who make up the congregation "laymen". God does not give churches to politically inclined people who are appointed by authority. God does not divide 'congregations' into classes and subject them to a so-called 'holy clergy system'. Furthermore, the Word of God does not speak of "pastors and priests" or other names like "priests", let alone "pastors and priests" as "mediators" between God and men. "The Nicolaitans The Nicolaitans undermined God's teaching by separating "priests or clergy" from "laymen" and turning these "leaders" into "governors". The "Nicolaitans" undermined God's teaching by separating the "pastor or clergy" from the "lay people", turning these "leaders" into "governors" rather than "servants of the people". (9) The "ecclesiastical system" illustrates that the "church" becomes a demonic group manipulated by the "demon Satan" to corrupt Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity. This means that the "church" (the Nicolaitans), under the guise of Christianity, will be the subject of the "judgment of the end" (the judgment after the end)!

27-2:6, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Note that they do not hate the wicked, but their sins. We should accept and love all people, but refuse to tolerate any evil. God cannot tolerate sin, and He wants us to strive to resist it and stand firm for the truth. The world needs Christians who stand firm for the truth of God, because they can show how people should live": (1) Remember that such words are spoken by "Satan the devil". (2) "Note that they do not hate the wicked, but their sins", which is the "devil's Satan's" drug of ecstasy, that is, to make people's minds go to sleep and then release the criminal who has sinned. (3) According to the way of thinking that "we do not hate the wicked, but their sins", "we should accept and love all men", which means that we should also "accept and love the criminal who has sinned We should accept and love all men", meaning that we should also "accept and love criminals who have sinned"; and "refuse to tolerate any evil" of sin, not criminals who have sinned. (4) "God cannot tolerate sin, and He wants us to strive to resist it and stand firm for the truth"; the God here is "Satan, the evil god", not "Jehovah, the righteous God". (5) "Christians who stand firm for the truth of God" are those like Jesus, the Christ who lived as a "blind leader" in judgment, and who should live like this in order to reach the kingdom of heaven after death.

27-2:7, "2:7 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches! To him who overcomes, I will give the fruit of the tree of life in God's paradise to eat": (1) The first time we say, "He who has ears, let him hear", we are afraid that you will cling to the surface of the words and not be able to grasp the holy meaning within them. This is because the words of the Holy Spirit are mostly metaphorical, and there are also "refrains, allusions, metaphors, ellipses" and so on, in order to lead you to think, and to test your wisdom. (2) To become "a Christ whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright bronze, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, and who hates the party of Nicolas", in order to be "victorious" in the battle against "Satan the devil". "(3) If there is no fire in the eyes (3) If you do not have eyes of fire (not "eyes of fire" or great wisdom to know right from wrong), you will not be able to see "Satan" for what he is, nor will you know "Satan". If you do not know Satan, you will not be able to "win" the war against Satan. The ability to see through the vast amount of demonic heresies in the Old and New Testaments means that one's "eyes are like a flame of fire" (one has the eyes of fire to see the true nature of "Satan" and the wisdom to know right from wrong). (the wisdom to know right from wrong), that he has "judged the devil Satan", that he has used the "two-edged sword of his mouth" to break the doctrine of the Pharisees, and that he has "won" the war against the "devil Satan". (3) "Victory". (4) When you have recognized and judged the Judaizers, who are using the guise of God to demagogue the people, and have "won" the war against "Satan the Devil", you will have the merit of breaking down confusion and enlightenment, enlightening wisdom and saving people's lives, and you will not be proud or fallen, so that after a hundred years you will be able to eat "The fruit of the tree of life in God's paradise" and the realisation of eternal life in heaven. (5) This is the primary "victory" of not forsaking the original love, overcoming demonic obstacles and not forgetting the original heart. You have "eyes like a flame of fire" to discover "the deeds of the Nicolaitans", "hate the deeds of the Nicolaitans", and dare to challenge "the deeds of the Nicolaitans". "the actions of the Nicolaitans, and "won" the war against the Nicolaitans (those who had the name of "pope, priest, pastor", etc.). "This is the ultimate "victory" that will lead to the "fruit of the tree of life in God's paradise" and the realization of the eternal kingdom of heaven. (6) The greatest demon, Satan, is not outside the religion, but "those who are above the believers" within the religion, which is the greatest demonic obstacle. This is the consensus and the basic tactic of all "demonic Satan" to enter religion and corrupt the righteousness from within.
27-2:7, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "To overcome means to believe in Christ, to persevere, to keep the faith and to live as a Christian. This will lead to a great reward (21:7)": (1) Remember that such words are spoken by the "devil, Satan". (2) The idea that Christians should "live as Christians" rather than "live as Christ" can only be said by "Satan the devil", for if Christians "live as Christ", they will be rewarded. If Christians "live as Christ", every Christian will be "Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth", and there will be no place for "Satan the Devil" to hide. (3) In order to prevent Christians from becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth", "Satan the Devil" has entered "Christianity" and become a legitimate Christian. The "devil Satan" came into "Christianity" and became a legitimate Christian, and they told people to "live as Christians" rather than "live as Christ", cleverly using "Christianity" as "Christlikeness". Christlikeness" was taught to Christians; in reality, the New Testament was compiled under the guise of "disciples of Jesus", and "Jewish doctrine" was taken to be "Jesus' indoctrination "In this way the "demon Satan" not only escaped the victory of the "new Christ", but also cleverly promoted the "Jewish doctrine". (4) This is also the case with Taoism and Buddhism, for the "Devil Satan" is not bound by national boundaries, but is present not only in Israel, but throughout the world.

Revelation 2: Letter to Spina (2:8-9)
27-2:8, "2:8 Write to the angel of the church in Shinar, saying, "The first and the last, the dead and the living,": (1) The word "Shinar" means "myrrh "It is a bitter and pungent medicine used to fumigate corpses, to disperse blood and remove stasis, to reduce swelling and pain. The word "myrrh" means "bitter". The word "myrrh" is precious, so this bitter is a precious bitter. All suffering to promote the Lord's truth of "making Christians into Christ" is valuable and worthwhile. (2) The "messenger of the church in Smyrna" is the second case, that is, there are people within Christianity who are unable to suffer and do not know how to suffer. (3) A warning against those who cannot and will not suffer. From the beginning, to the end, only those who have been good and consistent in their dedication to the truth through suffering can become "Christ who has died and lived". (4) The "first" is the God who comes from heaven (the Self, the Body of God, Gog), and the "last" is the God of knowledge in this life (the Soul, the Body of God, the Magog). By studying Christianity, one becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth" and reveals the general attitude of the God (the Dharma body, the Gog), who is "the same as God", so that the God of Knowledge (the body, the Magog) can know who his God (the Dharma body, the Gog) is. When he realises who he is, and realises the clarity of his mind, he has the power to "heal the sick and save the people, subdue the demons", and becomes the true Christ. It is only when Christ has fulfilled his mission of enlightenment that he can become truly divine "at the end of time" and live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven. (5) The "dead and living" is not the flesh, but the soul, the spirit, the Magus. It is not the body that will rise on the "third day", but the soul (the body, the Magog) that will go to the "third world, the kingdom of heaven", which is invisible to man.
27-2:8, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The Turkish city of Spina, about forty kilometres north of Ephesus, was once called the "port of Asia", because it was a fine port on the Aegean Sea. The church in this city had to contend with two opposing forces: a group of Jews who were strongly opposed to Christianity, and a group of non-Jews who were loyal to Rome and supported the cult of the emperor. In such an environment, persecution and suffering for the Lord were inevitable": (1) Remember that such words were spoken by "Satan the devil". (2) "A group of Jews who are strongly opposed to Christianity" because the Jews believe in "Judaism" (practising "the Old Testament, outside of Genesis," and "the New Testament, outside of Revelation"). Revelation"), because Jesus rebuked the Pharisees (Judaizers): "Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! Woe to you who lead blindly!" There are eleven such expressions of Jesus' "hatred" in Matthew 23:13 onwards. (3) It was not long before the Jews ceased to oppose Christianity, for the Jews came into Christianity and practised the Jewish "Old Testament" as "the Bible", not only erasing the "teachings of Jesus not only wiped out the "teachings of Jesus", but also promoted Judaism.

27-2:9, "2:9 I know your trouble and your poverty (but you are rich.) I know also the slanderous words of those who claim to be Jews, but they are not Jews, but men of Satan's time": (1) "Your trouble" is because you are escorting the "monk" (Christian believers in Jesus) to (1) "Your suffering" is because you are escorting the "Longevity Monk" (a Christian who believes in Jesus) to the Western Paradise, and you are accompanying him in his suffering; it also means that you are undergoing trials and tribulations, and that you will not fall through them in order to live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven. (2) "Your poverty" is due to lack of money, but lack of possessions is not poverty, and lack of education is poverty. This great wisdom cannot be bought with any amount of money, it is priceless, therefore, "you are rich". (3) Genesis 32:28 And the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men". To be "victorious against God and against men" means not to be intimidated by the lies and lusts of the Jewish "priests", to respect and not fear "Yahweh", to be in such a position that one becomes This is the true "Israel, the Jew", who has become "the only one in heaven and earth". Only when one becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" is one truly an "Israelite and a Jew". (4) Do not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", but fear God, for such a tone is "the slanderous words of a man of Satan who claims to be a Jew".

Revelation 2: Faithfulness unto death shall be crowned (2:10-11)
27-2:10, "2:10 Don't be afraid of what you are about to suffer. The devil will put some of you in prison, that you may be tried, and you will suffer ten days of trouble. Be faithful unto death, and I will give you the crown of life": (1) If you want to follow Christ to eternal life in heaven, you will have "sufferings to come", and those who reach heaven will be those who "suffer to the end". If you are "afraid of suffering" and cannot suffer, you will not be able to follow Christ to eternal life in heaven. (2) If you have Jesus' "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", you will be like Jesus, the Christ who "drives out demons, heals the sick, and punishes the wicked". The devil will use every possible means of coercion and enticement to prevent you from practising your religion so that you can wreak havoc on earth and not be subdued by Christ. The devil will attach himself to evil men and go to the authorities to accuse you falsely of being a rebellious cult. "The devil will put a few of you in prison, that you may be tried", this is the demonic obstacle, also called the demonic examination. Just face it sensibly and soberly. (3) "You shall be afflicted for ten days", which is not necessarily ten days, more or less, because the devil's test is different for each person; it is to go to the devil's cave to undergo trials, because criminals are all incarnations of the devil's sons and daughters who harm and invade things, so the prison is a devil's cave. (4) "Be faithful unto death" means that you must have the courage to die as if you were going to die. If religious people are afraid of death, they will "lose their way and the devil will win" and fall into surrender. (5) It was only when Jesus, like him, had been martyred for the truth, that the Lord "gave him the crown of life" and gave him eternal life in heaven.

27-2:10, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Persecution comes from Satan, not from God. Satan, the devil, will put believers in prison and even kill them. But believers need not fear, for death will only give them the crown of life. Satan can harm their bodies, but not their souls. The word "ten days" means that the persecution, though intense, was of short duration. Persecution has a limited beginning and end, and God will continue to control everything": (1) Unreached people preach the Word "in the sense of the word", and such people are shameless incarnations of "Satan the Devil". (2) No one can stand to be haunted by demons without the protection of the LORD, and when the LORD reduces your protection, demons will come to harm you. If you are irredeemably corrupt, Yahweh will abandon you and the demons will mutilate your body while allowing you to preach magic as the righteousness of the law. (3) Satan can harm not only your bodies, but also your souls. You have studied Christianity and do not know which of the "Old Testament and New Testament" are the demonic heresies invented by "Satan, the devil", and you are often depressed and have various "sub-health and chronic diseases". This means that "Satan has harmed your bodies and your souls". You have studied Christianity and have not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", but your health is deteriorating and your family is unhealthy, and you often have accidents, which means that "Satan has hurt your bodies and your souls". (4) The inconsistency between "persecution comes from Satan, not from God" and "and God will continue to control everything" is a sign that "Satan the devil" has harmed his soul.
27-2:10, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Stephanas was known for his athleticism. Anyone who won a race received a crown as a prize. If we are faithful to our faith, we too will receive this prize of victory - eternal life (cf. Jas 1:12). The message here for the church in Smyrna is that they are to remain faithful in the midst of suffering, for God is in control and his promises are sure. Jesus never said that if we are faithful to him we will not have troubles, suffering or persecution; rather he told us to remain faithful to him in the midst of suffering, but only so that our faith may be confirmed as genuine (cf. Phil 3:13-14; 2 Tim 4:8)": (1) "Faithful to our faith"? Depends on who you believe in? The "Jesus" of the whole New Testament is not "the same", so which one should you believe in? If you do not realise through the Book of Revelation that the whole of the Old and New Testaments were compiled by the Church, your faith will be aimless and contradictory, and you will not be "faithful to our faith". You will not be "faithful to our faith". If you also take the Old Testament and the Genesis as faith, you are believing in Judaism, not in the "teachings of Jesus". (2) The prize of this victory - eternal life - will only come with Jesus' realm of "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth"; otherwise, it is only a delusion. (3) The message of Satan the Devil to the church in Smyrna is that they are to remain faithful in the midst of suffering, for God is in control and his promises are sure. All the "promises" are lies from Satan the Devil. (4) Remember that it is not in "all" sufferings that we remain faithful to him, but only in sufferings caused by the persecution of the Jews "with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in their mouths" that we remain faithful to him. Only by remaining faithful to him in the midst of the suffering caused by such causes can our faith be confirmed as genuine.

27-2:11, "2:11 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches! He who overcomes will not be harmed by the second death": (1) The second time it is said, "He who has ears, let him hear", lest you should cling to the surface of the text and not grasp the holy meaning within it. This is because the words of the Holy Spirit are mostly metaphorical, and there are also "refrains, allusions, metaphors, ellipses" and so on, in order to lead you to think, and to test your wisdom. (2) This is the second mention of the "victorious", lest you, the faithful, should lose sight of the heart of Christian "monasticism"! If you have not become Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans" (the eye of fire and the sword of righteousness, the sword of wisdom), if you have not received Jesus' you cannot be "victorious" at all if you do not have the "weapons" of Jesus, but "defeated" with your "bare hands"; you can only be "defeated "You can only be a prisoner of the "devil Satan". (3) This is Jesus' warning to "Christians" again! "Monasticism" is like "warfare"; if one does not become the "victorious" Christ, one becomes the "defeated" If you do not become the "victorious" Christ, you become the "defeated" Satan, and "will suffer the second death". This is the same as the Chinese saying, "If you do not have access to the righteousness of the law, you will have access to the evil one". In other words, if you have become a monk and have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", you will not become the "victorious" Christ, but the "defeated" Satan. Satan". (4) If you are threatened by the "devil Satan" and pressed to death, and you do not become a "faithful to the death" Christ like Jesus, but compromise and surrender, you have not achieved the ultimate "victory You have not achieved the ultimate "victory". Not only will your body and mind suffer chronic cruelty from the devil, but your soul will also be punished by death to hell and will suffer the second death; you will not only lose "that crown of life", but you will also be left in disgrace for all eternity.
27-2:11, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Believers and unbelievers alike will experience physical death, and all will be raised, but believers will be raised to eternal life with God, while unbelievers will be raised to the punishment of the second death and be cut off from God forever (cf. 20:14; 21:8,8): (1) The phrase "all will be raised" is an ambiguous ellipsis, but in reality it means that after the death of the body, the life-soul of all (spirit, consciousness, body, magog) will be raised to heaven and hell respectively. (2) The "resurrection of believers to eternal life with God" is conditional. If believers do not become "overcomers", they cannot "receive eternal life with God". (3) If the believer does not know what "the works of the Nicolaitans" are, and what "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" is, he is the opposite of "victorious". The "defeated", which is the opposite of the "victorious", will not "receive eternal life with God, but will be punished by the second death and be separated from God forever".

Revelation 2: Sending a letter to Bekammad (2:12-13)
27-2:12, "2:12 Write to the angel of the church in Bekamah, saying, "He who has a two-edged sword says": (1) The word "Bekamah" in the original means "exaltation" and also "marriage". It also means "to marry". Since 313, when the Roman Emperor Constantine proclaimed the edict of freedom of worship, and 325, when the Nicaea Christian Assembly was held, Christianity became the state religion of Rome, and the Church was then "exalted", in fact the Church was "married" to the world. The Church was then "exalted" and in fact "married" to the world, and in time became a Church in the power of the State. It was not the Lord's infallible truth of "making Christians Christ" that the church relied on, but the power of the state, so that the church's dwelling place "was the seat of Satan". (2) The "messenger of the church in Pergamum" is the third case, where the church, having obtained the approval of the state, has the power of the state and does not regard the Lord's infallible truth, "that Christians may become Christ", as primary, and in the face of fame and fortune "The "truth of the Lord" is almost worthless in the face of fame and fortune, and believers will desperately blaspheme it in the name of God for the sake of fame and fortune. (3) The "two-edged sword" is Jesus Christ, and those who have received the "two-edged sword of Jesus" are new Christians who have inherited the infallible truth of the Lord "that the Christian may be Christ". Those who do not have it are not true Christians. (4) While breaking down "Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! Woe to you who lead blindly", while "being true to goodness; not having forsaken the love of the beginning", this is Jesus Christ "with the two-edged sword". (5) While finding "the deeds of the Nicolaitans" with "eyes like a flame of fire", he "hated the deeds of the Nicolaitans". "the actions of the Nicolaitans, and "won" the war against the Nicolaitans (those who had the name of "pope, priest, pastor", etc.). "This is the indoctrination of Jesus Christ "with the two-edged sword". (6) While being threatened with death by the "devil Satan", he became a "faithful to the death" Christ like Jesus and surrendered without compromise, achieving the ultimate "victory "This is the indoctrination of Jesus Christ "with the two-edged sword". (7) Those who do not have the "two-edged sword" of Jesus, and those who do not use the "two-edged sword" to become "victorious" are not "Christians "They are all devils under the guise of Christianity.
27-2:12, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The city of Pergamum was built on a hill more than 300 metres high, like a natural fortress. It was a cultural city, a centre of Greek culture and education, with a library of 200,000 volumes in the second century B.C. It was also a centre of four pagan religions. It was also the centre of four pagan religions, competing with Ephesus in the matter of idolatry. It mainly worshipped the serpent god, which was believed to have healing powers, so that believers came from all over the world to worship and seek healing": (1) "Worshiping the serpent god", which is "worshipping Satan", is the same as the Chinese (1) "Worship of the serpent god" is "worship of Satan", which is the same kind of demonism as that of the Chinese "Immortal of the Horse", "Immortal of the Family" and "Shamanism", and their teaching is the opposite of Jehovah's teaching (not to allow idolatry), "the law of works". (2) The LORD does not allow idolatry because "idolatry" is a magic that makes people "turn their minds away from themselves and lose their nature". Jehovah's teaching (not to worship idols) is the "law of nothingness" found in the Diamond Sutra. (3) The various sacrifices of the "priests" in the "Old Testament" were in fact "worshipping Satan", which is why Jesus said that they, the Jews, were " Woe to the scribes who pretend to be good, and to the blind leaders". (4) "The worship of the serpent gods, which has a temporary healing power", is not permanent, because the viruses that make people sick are the same kind of demons as the "serpent gods, Satan". They cannot make people completely well because they need to take "essence" from people to become "sustenance" for their growth, and are therefore demons that have been eliminated by the righteous gods. (5) "Believers come from all over the world to worship and seek healing" because they are under the spell of the ubiquitous "demon Satan". If you don't go to them for "healing" you will have a minor illness, but if you do you will be haunted by demons that your children and grandchildren will never be able to get rid of.

27-2:13, "2:13 I know your dwelling place, the place where Satan has his seat. When Antipas, my faithful witness, was slain among you, where Satan dwells, you held fast to my name and did not forsake my word": (1) "I know your dwelling place, the place where Satan has his seat" is not just "Bekamah It is not just that "Bekamah" is a devil's cave, but that all places where there are "priests, fathers, pastors" and other "priests of the priesthood" are "places of Satan's seat" and are also (1) "Bekamah". (2) "Antipas" means to resist, and "papa" means Father; "Antipas" means "to resist the Father". "Antipas" means "against the Father". "Antipas" is the "new Christ" who attacked the "Nicolaitans" with a "two-edged sword". For at that time the leaders of the Christian Church were called "priests, fathers and pastors", Jewish men who had infiltrated the Christian community and who, with "priestly imposture", had taken the liberty of acting as priests and deviated from the true path of the civilisation of Christ. Those who attack with the "two-edged sword" those within Christianity who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers and pastors" are the "faithful witnesses" of Jesus Christ, the "Antipopes". "Antipas", who are all incarnations of Jesus Christ. (3) The "Antipas" who use the "two-edged sword" to attack the presumed "priests, fathers and pastors" within Christianity are among you and have been from time immemorial, for righteousness and evil are "twins". evil are "twins". (4) The place where those who are called "priests, fathers and pastors" and have the "priesthood" within Christianity live is "the place where Satan has his seat and where Satan lives". (5) There are those who are faithful to the truth, who still worship God in their conscience, and many of them were killed for their adherence to the truth. Therefore, they are all "Jesus come again", they are all "Jesus incarnate", they are all "new Christs" who will live forever in heaven. Those who fail to see death as death, who fail to give their lives for the truth, have fallen into hell.

27-2:13, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "By virtue of being the centre of four idolatrous religions, Pergamos was called "Satan's seat". Although surrounded by worshippers of Satan and the Roman emperor, and even having believers killed by them, the church in Pergamum did not turn its back on the faith. It is not easy to resist strong pressure and social temptation, but if you don't, the consequence is death": (1) Remember, these are the words of "Satan the Devil". Those who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers, pastors" within Christianity have "idols", and these "idol" terms are the "seat of Satan "Whoever is a "priest, godfather, or pastor" is "Satan incarnate sitting in Satan's seat". (2) It is not that the Church of Pergamos did not abandon the faith, but that the "two-edged sword" in the Church of "Pergamos" attacked those who presumed to call themselves "priests, fathers and pastors". "Antipas" has not renounced the faith. Those who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers and pastors" are "Satan incarnate sitting in Satan's seat" who lust after "idols" and have abandoned the faith. (3) Those who call themselves "priests, fathers and pastors" have not resisted the strong pressure and temptations of society, and the consequences have been not only their own death, but also the death of many others.
27-2:13, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "It is not easy to be a Christian in Bekamah. Believers are under strong pressure to compromise or leave the faith. (For the Nicolaitans, see the note on 2:6.) We don't know much about Antipas, except that he refused to compromise and laid down his life for the faith. Apparently there were some in the church who tolerated the teachings and practices that Christ opposed. Compromise can be described as "a mixture of different qualities" or "a concession in principle". You must try to co-operate with people, but never have any kind of association or involvement with sin": (1) Remember, this is all "Satan the Devil" talking. It is not that it is not easy to be a Christian in Pergamum, it is the same everywhere, for the "devil Satan" is everywhere. (2) "Believers are under strong pressure to compromise or leave the faith", which means that those who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers, pastors" are demons who corrupt Christianity. (3) Those who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers and pastors" are "Nicolaitans", the "incarnation of Satan who sits in Satan's seat", which Jesus hated. (4) "We do not know much about Antipas" because we are not foreigners and we do not really understand the meaning of Antipas, but the incarnations of Satan are using their interpretations to obliterate the meaning of Antipas. Satan's incarnations are using their interpretations to obliterate the meaning of "Antipas", and Yahweh has arranged for someone who is fluent in foreign languages to make an accurate translation for us. The "Antipas" is the "New Christ" who attacks the presumed "priests, fathers and pastors", the "New Christ" who attacks the "Nicolaitans The "New Christ" is the "New Christ" who attacks the "Nicolaitans". (5) To collaborate with the presumed "priests, fathers and pastors" is to "associate and participate" with the evil one who has sinned and is an accomplice of the evil one, Satan.

Revelation 2: When repentance comes (2:14-17)
27-2:14, "2:14 However, there are some things I will reprove you for, because in your place there are those who have obeyed the teaching of Balaam, who taught Balak to put a stumbling block before the Israelites, that they should eat things sacrificed to idols and commit adultery": (1) The word "Balaam" used here (1) The word "Balaam" used here is a metaphor for the Christian's drinking and adultery, which are "reproachable" offences. The historical "Balaam" was a notorious "prophet" (a Jewish priest) in the Old Testament, who accepted the "devil Satan "He suggested that Balaam invite the Israelites to a pagan festival by providing women and wine (eating idolatrous things). If he could get the Israelites to commit a great sin, God himself would curse them. King Balak listened to Balaam's insidious scheme and many Israelites succumbed to the temptation. Ultimately, God demanded the death of Israel's leaders who had collaborated with Balaam, and thousands of Israelites fell ill as a result of their involvement. (2) To rebuke "having obeyed Balaam's teaching" is to rebuke Christians for failing to "abstain from wine and fornication", which is the "commandment" to "abstain from wine and fornication"! The "commandment"! The fact that Jesus did not lay down an explicit rule is not a shortcoming caused by legalism, but rather a "test and a dragon's gate" for the commandments. Let's see how many wise people have the awareness to see through the "examination questions and the dragon's gate" and become Christ. Christians cannot understand this as a "commandment" to "abstain from alcohol and adultery", which means that Christians have the greed and demons to break the commandments, which means that they are low. (3) The place where those who are called "priests, fathers and ministers" (the incarnation of Satan) live within Christianity is "the place where Satan sits and where Satan dwells", and they, "the incarnation of Satan These "incarnations of Satan" would have "obeyed the teaching of Balaam; eating idolatrous sacrifices and committing adultery", a commandment "rebuked" by Jesus.
27-2:14, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Differences of opinion are allowed among Christians, but heresy and moral corruption must not be tolerated. There may be no celebration of idolatry in your place, but there may be pornography, sexual sin, deception, slander and lies. Do not tolerate sin because others demand openness": (1) The presence within Christianity of people who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers and pastors" is a sign of "tolerance of heresy and moral corruption". (2) "There may be no celebration of idolatry in your place", but churches with "crosses" towering above them, "crosses" in the hands of "priests, fathers and ministers" are "crosses". The "crosses" in the hands of "priests, fathers and ministers" are all manifestations of "idolatry". The "chanting of hymns and prayers" in churches is in fact a "celebration of idolatry". (3) With those who presume to call themselves "priests, fathers and pastors", there is "pornography, sexual sin, deception, slander and lies". (4) To be the "lamb" of a "priest, father or pastor" is to tolerate the sin of a "priest".

