Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 20 Jonathan and David Dating
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
20:1 David fled from Najo in Ramah, and came to Jonathan, and said to him, "What have I done, and what is my sin? What sin have I committed before your father, that he should seek my life?"
20:2 Jonathan answered, "Absolutely not! You will not die. There is nothing my father has done, great or small, that I have not known. How can you hide this from me? It is not so."
20:3 David swore again, "Your father must know that I have found favour in your sight. He said in his heart, 'It would be better for Jonathan not to know, lest he be troubled. I swear by the living LORD, and dare to swear before you, that I am not one step from death."
20:4 Jonathan said to David, "I will do for you what you have asked in your heart."
20:5 David said to Jonathan, "Tomorrow is the first day, when I shall sit with the king; let me go and hide myself in the field, I pray you, until the evening of the third day.
20:6 If your father sees that I am not at the table, say, "David begs me to allow him to go back to Bethlehem, his city, where his whole family is offering the annual sacrifice.
20:7 If your father says, 'Yes,' the servant is safe; but if he is angry, you know that he is determined to harm me.
20:8 Be gracious to your servant, for you have allied yourself with him in the sight of the LORD. If I have sinned, why should you not kill me yourself, instead of giving me to your father?"
20:9 Jonathan said, "There is no such thing! If I had known that my father was determined to harm you, would I not have told you?"
20:10 David said to Jonathan, "If your father answers you with harsh words, who will tell me?"
20:11 Jonathan said to David, "You and I will go to the field." And the two of them went to the field.
20:12 Jonathan said to David, "May the LORD, the God of Israel, be a witness. Tomorrow, about this time, or on the third day, will I not send someone to tell you if my father has good intentions toward you, if I probe him?
20:13 If my father intended to harm you, and I did not tell you, so that you might go in peace, may the LORD send down heavy punishment on me. May the LORD be with you, as he was with my father.
20:14 Be gracious to me according to the lovingkindness of the LORD. not only spare me from death while I am alive
20:15 Even after my death, when the LORD cuts off your enemies from the earth, you shall never cut off your favor from my house."
20:16 So Jonathan made an alliance with the house of David, saying, "May the LORD pursue the sin of covenant-breaking through the enemies of David."
20:17 And Jonathan, because he loved David as his own life, made him swear again.
20:18 And Jonathan said to him, "Tomorrow is the first day, and your seat is empty, and men will heed that you are not there.
20:19 When you have waited three days, go down quickly to the place where you were hiding in case of trouble, and wait there at the rock of Ezra.
20:20 I will shoot three arrows at the rock, as at a target.
20:21 I will send the boy, saying, 'Go and get the arrows.' If I say to the boy, 'The arrows are behind you, bring them,' then you may return, and I swear by the living LORD that you will be safe.
20:22 If I say to the boy, 'The arrow is in front,' you shall go, for it is the LORD who has sent you.
20:23 As for what you and I say today, the LORD is between you and me as a witness forever."
20:24 So David went and hid himself in the field. On the first day of the month, the king sat down to eat.
20:25 And the king sat as usual on his seat against the wall, and Jonathan stood by, and Daniel sat beside Saul, and David's seat was empty.
20:26 But on this day Saul said nothing, thinking that David was in trouble, and was unclean by chance, and that he must be unclean.
20:27 On the second day of the month, David's seat was still empty. Saul asked Jonathan his son, "Why did not the son of Jesse come yesterday and today to eat?"
20:28 Jonathan answered Saul, "David begged me to allow him to go to Bethlehem.
20:29 He said, 'Allow me, I pray you, to go, for there is a sacrifice in my house in the city, and my elder brother has commanded me to go. Now if I have found favour in your sight, let me go to my brothers.' So David did not go to the king's table."
20:30 And Saul was angry with Jonathan, and said to him, "Do I not know that you delight in the son of Jesse and bring shame on yourself, that your mother is exposed to shame, you who are born of a stubborn and rebellious woman?
20:31 If the son of Jesse had lived in the world, you and your kingdom would not have stood. Now you are to send someone to arrest him and bring him to me. He is deserving of death!"
20:32 Jonathan said to his father Saul, "Why should he die? What has he done?"
20:33 Then Saul threw his spear at Jonathan to stab him, and Jonathan knew that his father was determined to kill David.
20:34 So Jonathan rose from his seat in anger, and did not eat on this second day. He was troubled about David because he had seen his father humiliate him.
20:35 On the next morning, Jonathan went out into the field as he had been appointed to do with David, and a boy followed him.
20:36 Jonathan said to the boy, "Run away and find the arrow that I have shot." The boy ran, and Jonathan shot the arrow in front of the boy.
20:37 When the boy arrived at the place where Jonathan had dropped the arrow, Jonathan called to the boy and said, "Wasn't the arrow in front of you?"
20:38 And Jonathan called to the boy, saying, "Go quickly, and do not delay!" So the boy picked up the arrows and returned to his master.
20:39 But the boy did not know what this meant, but Jonathan and David knew.
20:40 Jonathan gave the bow and arrows to the boy and commanded him, "Take them to the city."
20:41 As soon as the boy had gone, David came out from the south side of the rock and fell on his face and worshipped three times. And the two kissed their lips and wept with one another, and David wept more deeply.
20:42 Jonathan said to David, "We both swore by the name of the LORD, saying, 'May the LORD be a witness between you and me, and between you and my descendants, forever and ever.' Now go in peace!" Then David got up and went away; and Jonathan went back to the city.

Expository section.
9-132, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Do not worship the things that are made, but worship the Lord of creation", comment: If you do not make this "Lord of creation", where does it come from? "The Lord of creation"? You acknowledge the existence of the "Lord of Creation", that is, you do not make this "Lord of Creation", and you make this "Lord of Creation" an "idol You make this "Creator" an "idol". The "Creator" is your "creature", and your worship of the "Creator" is "worship of the creature You are worshipping the created. You are clearly "worshipping the creature" ("the Lord of creation"), but you are shouting "Do not worship the creature", which means that you have all been brainwashed by the devil to This means that you are all slaves of the law who have been brainwashed by the devil and have "turned right into wrong and right into wrong". Answer: Yes. (1) Because "created things" are "laws of creation" that make people "turn their minds outward and lose their own nature". The "Lord of Creation" is the unborn and imperishable reality, the old home paradise of the Self, which means that one can see through the falsehoods of the world and return to paradise. (2) The "Lord of Creation" is the same as the "Buddha, the Dharma, the Tao, and the Dao", and if one clings to the "Lord of Creation If one clings to the "Lord of Creation", the "Lord of Creation" becomes an "idol" like the "created things". (3) "To worship the Lord of creation alone" means "not to take in the appearance, to be as one is; to see the Self; to do nothing, to do nothing, to taste nothing; to hear but not hear, to see but not see", that is, "to recite the Buddha of the Self "and see the nature of the mind].

9-133, 20:16 Jonathan allied himself with the house of David, saying, "May the LORD pursue the sin of covenant-breaking through David's enemies", and asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-134, "20:30 And Saul was angry with Jonathan, and said to him, You who are born of a stubborn and rebellious woman, do I not know that you delight in the son of Jesse, and bring shame on yourself, so that your mother is exposed to shame? If the son of Jesse had lived in the world, thou and thy kingdom wouldst not have stood. Now you shall send and take him and bring him to me. He is worthy of death!" Q: Is this what "Saul" said to "Jonathan" in anger? Answer: Yes.
9-135, "20:34 Jonathan rose from his seat in anger, and did not eat on the second day of the week. He was troubled about David because he had seen his father humiliate him". Answer: Yes.
9-136, "20:41 And as soon as the boy had gone, David came out from the south side of the rock, and fell down on his face, and worshipped three times. The two kissed each other on the mouth and wept, and David wept more than ever". Answer: Yes.
20:42 "Jonathan said to David, "We both swore by the name of the LORD": (1) "Swearing by the name of the LORD" was a scandalous Jewish vice that Jesus had overthrown. Do not "swear by the name of the LORD". (2) Knowing that it is not right to "swear by the name of the LORD" is "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





