Christ of the Cross
The Way of Heaven among the Tai Shan Taoists

I. All those who shout "God bless" are infected with the virus of evil spirits!
The fact that Jesus was nailed alive to a wooden frame means that God did not bless Jesus.

The word "Christ" is a transliteration of the word "Orthodoxy (正统、正道、道统)".

The word "Amen" is a foreign word, and in Chinese it means "holy spirit" and "human spirit".

The word "Amen" is pronounced with a nasal sound.
I recited them again and again, and they were really rare. The sound goes straight to the clay pellet and glows with light. (Please do not imitate them! We in the Middle Heavenly Way are all guarded by soldiers and horses, and watched over by masters. Not only will you not be able to channel the gods by reciting these two words, you will only be inviting evil spirits to follow you.)

Secondly, the cross is a sign that the heart is upright and fair.
The cross is a sign that the heart is upright and fair. It is only when one is upright that one can stand firm, it is only when one is upright that one can rely on it, it is only when one is upright that one can last long, and it is only when one is upright that one can reach heaven. The cross is a sign for everyone to be upright and reliable, that is the Gospel of God!
The hand tapping on the forehead and chest means "uprightness" and the hand tapping on the shoulders means "fairness", together they are the sign of the cross "uprightness and fairness". This is a reminder to yourself to be upright and fair, whether before you go to work or before you eat. The hand tapping on the forehead and chest means "top" and the hand tapping on the shoulders means "left and right", together they mean "top, bottom, left and right", which is close to the pronunciation "God bless! God bless".
This is how the demonic spirits of Christ trap Chinese people, turning them into freaks who pray for God's blessing every day as soon as they come into contact with Christianity.

You can only become a true Christian if you go into the Taoist family of Taishan.
You can only become a true angel on earth if you go and learn the art of worship like the Monkey King, and when you learn to have the skills to make a big mess of heaven, then you can go and propagate the gospel of God. If you try to preach like Jesus without the magical powers that come with attaining the Way, you will only end up worse than Jesus! Only after joining a wise teacher, practising according to the law, and seeing your heart and mind clearly will your genesis have the ability to go to God and see Him in your lifetime.

Once thought this way, what on earth is this Christianity.
I should go and study Christianity, but immediately I heard them say: "No need to study, today you study Buddhism, tomorrow you study Taoism, the day after tomorrow you study Christianity, if you go on like this you will have an endless supply of Dharma to learn, but use this mind, Huineng can teach you just fine.
In front of me I saw a foreigner with shoulder-length hair, a goatee three inches long and a slightly demented appearance, called Jesus. I thought to myself, "How come the foreign god is not godly at all?" I was suspicious, so I naturally ignored him. Today I received the answer: "I really have no face to meet you Chinese, for the Christianity in your China is not taught by me, Jesus.
The soldier general beside me immediately pulled me over to meet him, but I heard him say, "No, my son, don't bother, I will just teach you slowly.

Wise men have no tricks, they keep thinking a hundred thoughts, what is Christ, I will tell you.

Thirdly, the cross was also an ancient instrument of punishment for prisoners.
The ancients erected crosses in crowded places and tied prisoners to them for public display. It was on the cross that Jesus was crucified and stripped naked to humiliate him. It was with the model of the cross that Jesus went around preaching and using it to preach the convenient method of righteousness and fairness at all times.

A soldier may be killed, but not humiliated!
Jesus was stripped naked and humiliated, proving to the world that Jesus had no ability to defend himself and was only capable of being humiliated. It was also telling the world that Jesus was just a Don Monk full of scripture and compassion, who would be eaten at any moment. With only the compassion of the monk but not the skills of Wukong to protect him, Jesus will end up as a target for the demon king! This is also an example to the world that if you do not have the power, you should not speak of compassion and do not make a spectacle of yourself.

The cross is also a sign of evil, and where there is a cross, there is evil!
If you dare to tell the truth like Jesus, you will be naked and nailed to a cross. If you dare to tell the truth like Jesus, you will be naked and nailed to the cross. If you form a cross there, you are either deceiving yourself or deceiving others. No one even knows that this cross is a sign of righteousness and fairness!

IV. The "holy" is the heart of the holy; the "birth" is the birth.
The heart of a saint is born in every mortal, and every mortal has the same heart as a saint; the moment you understand that you have such a heart, that moment is "Christmas"; you always remember this moment, and every year this moment is your "Christmas"! This is your Christmas! Even the old man with grey hair who heard the teachings of God Jesus was enlightened and enlightened, realising that he had the same heart as God, that he was God in heaven and earth, and not a mere servant on earth, and was so happy that he jumped like a child and became a child again. This old man is the well-known "Father Christmas"!

Everyone is the same as God, the God of heaven and earth.
"The cross is the heart of God, the heart is the Lord, and the Lord is God. You have to be upright and reliable and treat people fairly so that you are like God who is the God of the heavens and the earth. You are the same as God you are God and God is you. All men are the same, all hearts are the same!

God is God, and Catholicism is Christianity.
The Cross is the heart of God, and Jesus is the heart of God that opens the way to righteousness and justice with the Cross, from which it is not Jesus' religion. To return to the heart of God is to return to the heart of God. To return to the heart of God is to return to the heart of God.

To face the cross with integrity and fairness is to face Jesus.
Facing the cross and praying to God to bless you, when you are not blessing God at all, so it is not fair for God to bless you. You are not a Christian if you are not fair. Your fancy prayer for God's blessing is pure insanity. You are so prone to insanity, did Jesus teach you to be insane!

Fifth, can God bless you? God is perfectly capable of blessing you.
If you bless God, God will bless you. If you are righteous and fair yourself, then lead others to be righteous and fair, so that they will understand that they are just as righteous and fair as God, so that they will be just like God, and God will be others. If you treat others with integrity and fairness, you are blessing them, they are God, and you are "blessing God".

