Explanatory Notes on the 27th Psalm of the New Testament, "The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation (1)
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Note: 1. Some of the quotations in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation are from the original text of the Bible, while others are from the "Spiritual Version". 2. Note: "27-22:1": 27 is the 27th Psalm of the New Testament. 22 is the 22nd chapter of the Book of Revelation. 1 is Revelation 22:1. 3. The thirteenth part of this paper is basically an answer by my disciple, Yuan Mingdi Zi (Yuan Jishun). The more detailed part of the explanation was edited by me.
Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam are the five major religions of the world.
God is the Creator, the mother of the universe, the creator of the global village, and the common mother of all gods and Buddhas. "The five religious masters of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, as well as inventors and scientists from all walks of life, are all "only sons and sons of God" sent by God to earth to promote human civilisation and build "heaven on earth". One of the "only begotten sons of God" who were sent to earth by God to promote human civilisation and build "heaven on earth". Without such a state of mind, they are all "abnormal people" without normal thinking, not to mention normal religious people, but despicable people possessed by the devil.
1. [Buddhism] (1) In India, Sakyamuni (565~486 B.C.) preached "the non-dual correct method of clarifying the mind and seeing the nature" (the method of inaction), so that people could "see the nature and become Buddhas". The founding scriptures are sutras like the Vajra Sutra, the Tantras Sutra, the Heart Sutra and the 21 Dharma Sutras, which are true sutras that enable people to "realize emptiness and become saints, and to see their own nature". The sutras are divided into the Age of Righteousness, the Age of Like Dharma, and the Age of Magic. (2) After the death of Master Hui Neng in 713, the Dao entered the House of Fire, and the "true Dharma of enlightenment" was not passed on in monasteries, but in the homes of ordinary people, where the "Seal of the Buddha's Heart" was passed on. Since the Song dynasty, in 960, the "magic age" has been in full swing, and the "Buddhist doctrine" of burning incense, chanting the Buddha's name, and so on, has become the prevailing "Buddhist doctrine" in "Buddhist associations". This is the same situation as the Christian "hymn and prayer chanting".
3. [Taoism] (1) Fuxi (4811 - 4709 BC) drew trigrams at the age of 34 to create Chinese civilization, and revealed the cosmic concept of "Wuji creates Taiji, Taiji creates two yi, two yi create four elephants, four elephants create eight trigrams, and eight trigrams determine the state of the universe", so that people can practise "internal practice of qi It allows one to practise "internal qi" to realise "the meeting of life, the unity of heaven and man, and the return to Wuji". As long as you know "east, west, north, south, four directions, father and mother, male and female, heaven and earth" and so on, the most basic knowledge of human beings, you are a Taoist disciple who has been "educated in Taoism", because all these terms are in Fuxi's eight trigrams of Yin and Yang. (2) The Taoist "internal practice of one breath" is mentioned in the Book of Revelation, that is, "20:2 Bind it for a thousand years, 20:3 and when that thousand years is finished, afterwards it must be released for a time", and this is what Jesus was describing when he practised "This is what God taught him, but Jesus could not pass it on, so the New Testament contains the words describing "Jesus praying". Because of the Law, none of Jesus' disciples had learned this method of practice, so they could only guess and think that Jesus was praying, but in fact it was not a "prayer". "Prayer" is a Jewish magic. If you "pray" you are possessed by the devil, because your master did not pass on the Law by the holy command of God. Only Christ is qualified to preach the law.
(3) Laozi Li Er (586-500 B.C.) At the age of 18, Li Er went to work for the "national library" as a handyman, thus systematically learning the essence of Chinese culture, practising qi under divine guidance and gaining insight. "At the age of 36, he wrote the Tao Te Ching. At the age of 55, Li'er was instructed to use his "divine feet" to fly to India and make Chodamanda Siddhartha become Siddhartha Gautama. Shakyamuni is mentioned in the Vajra Sutra. At the age of 73, Laojun received Confucius at his home in Luyi, when he was 38 years old. After another 18 years, Confucius reached the state of reverting to his heavenly nature and was ready to "travel around the world". (4) The founding scriptures of Taoism are the I Ching, the Tao Te Ching and the Long Hua Zhen Jing, all of which are Taoist scriptures on the five elements of yin and yang. "The disciplines based on the theories of the five elements of yin and yang are all Taoist culture. The Taoists divide the period of human society into the Green Yang, the Red Yang, and the White Yang, under the direction of the Buddha of the Burning Lamp. (5) The British scientist Joseph Lee, who spent his life studying China and was fascinated by Chinese culture, wrote a multi-volume monograph on the history of Chinese science and technology. He said: Chinese culture is like a great tree, and the roots of this great tree are in Taoism.
3. [Confucianism] (1) Confucius (551 - 479 BC), whose name is Qiu and whose character is Zhongni, was a great thinker, statesman and educator, who was the master of Chinese cultural thought. Confucianism has permeated the lives of the Chinese people and the cultural sphere, and has also influenced most people in other parts of the world for nearly two millennia. Confucius founded the earliest public schools in China, and proposed the slogan "education without discrimination". He was the first in ancient times to break the cultural monopoly of the aristocracy, where learning took place in the government, and advocated the spread of culture and education among the common people. (2) The Confucians used the "three subordinates and four virtues, the three principles and the five rules, the five ethics and the eight virtues" to cultivate their bodies and nourish their natures, thereby realising "knowledge of the destiny of heaven". "It is the core value of Confucianism that one should not be considered a gentleman without knowing one's destiny. The classics of Confucianism are the University, the Middle Mean, the Analects of Confucius and Mencius; Confucius revised the Poetic Edda, the Shang Shu and the Spring and Autumn Annals, set the Rites and Music, and prefaced the Zhou Yi. (3) As of December 31, 2016, 512 Confucius Institutes and 1,073 Confucius Classrooms have been established in 140 countries (regions) worldwide. (4) Confucianism, that is, the indoctrination needed by all, is a Confucian form of propagation in all human societies in the post-2012 Bai Yang Shi. The Chinese "Taoist priests and monks" and the Christian "priests and ministers" will be outlawed and left forever in the memory of history.
4. [Christianity] (1) The year in which Jesus (1-30 AD) was born was the year 1 AD. Christianity, with Jesus as its head, slowly took shape after the murder of Jesus in 30 AD. Jesus rebuked the Judaizers who practised the "Old Testament" as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and was crucified by the Judaizers. Jesus was the revolutionary who overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". Because he left no written writings during his lifetime, the "teachings of Christ" were obscure, leaving a wide space for future generations to "perfect Christianity", and thus the "Old and New Testaments The "Old Testament and the New Testament" are combined in the Bible. There are three main Christian denominations: Catholic, Orthodox and Reformed (Protestant); and more than thirty other smaller denominations.
(2) The core of the Christian faith is Jesus, mainly through the early Pauline faithfulness, the theologizing of John, the ecclesiasticalization of Peter, the religiosity and politicization of Constantine I after the Milan Pardon, the statecraft and secularization of Theodosius I, and a series of modernizations or reversions from Martin Luther and John Calvin after the Reformation to the present. And the First Ecumenical Council, presided over by Constantine, and the rectification of the official catechism, are seen by academics as milestones in the replacement of polytheism by Christianity as the mainstream of society. These included, among other things, the acceptance of the doctrine of the Trinity and the fundamental principle that Jesus is the only Saviour, according to the standards of the World Council of Churches. The "Council of Constantine" formally ushered in the "papal era", completely overturning "primitive Christianity" and the "Nicolaitanes". It was the beginning of the "corruption of the Christian religion" by the "Nicolaitans", the entry of Judaism into Christianity under the guise of Christianity, and the obliteration of the "Christian religion" by the "Satanic group". It was a sign that the "Satanic group" had obliterated the "indoctrination of Christ".
(3) Early Christianity spread mainly among the poor and the needy, with believers helping each other on an equal footing and showing compassion for each other in distress. They were repeatedly persecuted by the Roman rulers because of their obvious sense of rebellion, their failure to co-operate with the ruling class, their failure to serve in the army and their disrespect for the old Roman gods. The young Christians were persecuted for the first time in history as early as the time of Nero, followed by another brutal persecution in the mid-third century in the time of Dithius (249-251) and Valerias (253-260). By the time of Diocletian (284-305), the emperor who claimed to be the son of the old Roman god Jupiter naturally regarded Christianity as a heresy, and once again Christianity was doomed. In between, there were some emperors who were tolerant of Christianity, which continued to grow rapidly in the 1st-3rd centuries and by the 3rd century there were more than 6 million members and over 1,800 churches in Rome. As Christianity grew, so did the composition of the congregation, with many large landowners, wealthy industrialists, merchants and officials, and even the imperial family, joining the Christian religion, its rituals gradually becoming more complex and its teachings more subservient to the ruling class, which was beginning to understand and control it. This was the state of Christianity before the time of Constantine.
(4) Constantine the Great (272-337) was the first Roman emperor in the history of the world to revere Christianity, the Edict of Milan, by which Christianity became a legitimate and free religion. The edict also called for the restitution of property confiscated from the Christian churches during previous periods of persecution and established Sunday as a day of worship. Constantine in no way established Christianity to make it an official state religion, but the laws and other policies he enacted contributed strongly to its development. It is clear that converting to Christianity during his reign increased the likelihood of gaining high political office. His decrees granted Christianity various privileges and tax exemptions of various benefits. Several of the world's most famous churches were built during his reign, and so began the "papal era" of Christianity.
(5) In the fifth century, after the division of ancient Rome between East and West, the Byzantine Empire adopted the Patriarchate of Constantinople as its patriarch, which evolved into what would become the Eastern Orthodox Church, while the Holy See, which remained in its former capital, Rome, became the patriarch of the divided Western Roman Empire, giving rise to the name "Roman Catholic Church". The word Pope is translated from "Pontifex" (priest), which originally referred to the polytheistic "Pontifex Maximus" (Supreme Priest), who was also the Emperor of the Roman Empire, and is now the political and diplomatic title of the head of the Christian state of the Vatican City. The Pope, who is also the Pope of the Catholic Church, is voted in by the cardinals around the world and, except for voluntary abdication, can serve for life and cannot be removed from office. However, the cardinals have the right to install an opposing pope, or to remove him from office by imprisonment or banishment.
(6) In 382 AD, the Western Roman Emperor abolished the sacrifice of Victory to Jesus alone and handed the office of Pope to the 39th Bishop of the Roman Church. 445, the Eastern Roman Emperor and the Orthodox Church recognised his ecclesiastical supremacy. At the same time, Leo I, then Bishop of Rome, establishes his authority among the Roman citizens by dissuading Attila and becomes the first Pope to be hailed as a "great man". After the fall of Western Rome, the Church of Rome, with its theocratic supremacy, drifted away from the Church of the East, with its secularism.
(7) The Catholic Church believes that the Trinity is a mystery, a mystery that cannot be fully understood by the world, but only describes the origin and form of the Trinity. The Catholic Church believes that there is a supernatural and supersocial power in the world and in the universe, and that this power is God. He is the unique, omnipotent God who created all things visible and invisible. He is called the "Trinity" of God because of his three persons: Father, Son and Holy Spirit. Because the Father is in heaven, he is called the Father and is considered to be the supreme, sovereign power over all. He is the first of the "Trinity". The Son is Jesus Christ, sent to earth by the Father to save the world from suffering by the sacrifice of his blood on the cross. He is the second person of the Trinity. The Holy Spirit enlightens man's wisdom and faith and turns him from evil to good. He is the third person of the Trinity. These three Persons are not three separate persons, but one and the same, and all three form the unity of God.
(8) The Catholic Church is organized in a strictly centralized manner. It attaches importance to the hierarchy, which is divided into a clerical hierarchy and a governing hierarchy. The clerical orders are: bishops, priests and deacons. The pope, cardinals, bishops, archbishops, diocesan bishops, priests, etc., have the highest authority, are sacrosanct, and are elected by a college of cardinals, which is also the main advisory body to the pope. The Catholic Church strictly forbids clergy to marry, and there is a clear boundary with lay people. The Congregation is composed of the faithful, who are required to take the three vows of divine poverty, chastity and obedience, and to live communally. In addition to the Pope, the Congregation has supreme authority. It is presided over by the Pope and represented by the bishops of all the regions of the world. Leaders of important religious orders and seminaries, as well as eminent theologians and experts in canon law, are also often invited to attend.
(9) The Catholic Church believes in God and Jesus Christ, and honours Mary as the Blessed Virgin. The basic doctrinal tenets are the existence of God; the eternal, infinite, omniscient, omnipotent and omnibenevolent nature of God, who created the world and mankind and who rewards good and punishes evil; the Trinity of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, the Incarnation, the Crucifixion of the Son, the Resurrection and the Ascension, and the Last Judgement. The Catholic Church believes that the Church was created by Christ and is the person of Christ, and that man can only be saved through the Church. The birth, death, resurrection and ascension of Jesus and the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin are designated as feast days in the Catholic calendar, and the Mass celebrated on these feast days is the main service. There are also seven sacraments: Holy Baptism, Confirmation, Holy Communion, Last Supper, Confession, Divine Mercy and Matrimony.
5、【Islam】（1）In China, it was formerly known as Daxiafa, Daxiaism, Tianfangism, Halalism, Huihuism, Muslimism, Huihuism, etc. Muhammad is recognized as the prophet of Islam, and the Islamic view is that Muhammad was not the founder of Islam, but a revivalist of the righteous path. The word "Islam" is a transliteration of the Arabic word for "peace and obedience", which is derived from the word Selam. According to traditional Muslim biographies he was born in Mecca in about 570 and died in Medina on 8 June 632. The Qur'an, the true revelation, was given by Allah to Muhammad for the guidance of mankind. The Qur'an says that its last revelation was written down orally by Muhammad on his way to Mecca for the last time in 632 AD. This suggests that it was not written down on paper during Muhammad's lifetime, but only in a fixed order.
(2) Muhammad lived at a time when idolatry, the burying of female babies alive, blood revenge between tribes, alcoholism and gambling, usury were prevalent, people were chasing money and morality was in decline among the Arabs. The arrival of Muhammad brought them from a lowly and barbaric realm to "the banner bearer of knowledge and light. Muhammad, like many other prophets, rejected idolatry and aspired to the religion of worship of the one God propagated by the Prophet Ibrahim. Shortly before his death, Muhammad gave a final exhortation. His death caused a major crisis among his followers, and this controversy led to a split in Islam. "The Shi'ites believe that Muhammad appointed Ali as his successor before his death, while the Sunnis dispute this, suggesting that Muhammad, like Jesus, had no true successor, which is the cause of the Law.
(3) Prior to the creation of the world, Allah was not known as the Creator, the Nurturer, etc., and therefore the rest of the names of Allah are new. However, it cannot be denied that Allah had the ability to create, nurture, etc. before the creation of the world, and therefore the attributes of Allah are as beginningless as His essence, only that the ability to exercise those attributes did not exist before the creation of the world, which is the meaning of the phrase "originally without name" on the plaques of some Chinese mosques. The Qur'an speaks of the 99 names and 99 virtues of Allah, the unique, everlasting, omniscient, omnipresent, all-creating, supreme authority over the destinies of all people. The Qur'an is a "monistic" view of the universe, and therefore Islam is based on "Oneness". Judaism, Christianity and Islam are collectively known as the revealed religions, and the Jewish belief in Yahweh and the Christian belief in Jehovah and God are all one and the same, but the main difference in doctrine is in their interpretation of the attributes of the Lord.
(4) Islam believes in the "Last Judgement and Resurrection after death" and that there will be an end of the world between this world and the Hereafter, and that at the end of the world, the present world will be destroyed and Allah will make the "Last Judgement "At that time, all the dead will be resurrected and judged, and the sinners will go to hell, while the righteous will ascend to heaven.
Definition of "Christ and Christianity": A person who has been given authority by the one true God, Jehovah, to preach the infallible law of "making Christians into Christ", that is, a missionary in the state of Jesus, is called "Christ", which means "God". "This means "the Son of God", a person who has the true bloodline of God, who can heal people and subdue demons like God; a person who has "the eyes of fire and the golden rod", like the Great Sage of Qi Tian.
1. Jesus was killed by Judaism for overthrowing the demonic doctrines of the Old Testament, and therefore, like Jesus, had the "discerning eye" to see through the demonic doctrines of the Old Testament (eyes like flames) and the overthrow of Judaism (a two-edged sword in his mouth and feet like bright brass), such a person is Christ.
2. He who "kills the virus with antibiotics", like a doctor, to save the sick, is the Christ. He who does not know the "sickness" and cannot kill it, but sends it away in a "merciful way", is not Christ. Such a person is not only not Christ, but a "priest of Judaism" and an "incarnation of Satan". God Jehovah has the wise eye to see the true nature of Satan, and God Jehovah has the power to kill "Satan's demons, drive away evil spirits, and heal the sick", so only those who can kill "Satan's demons, drive away evil spirits, and heal the sick" are Christ. Therefore, the only person who can kill "Satanic demons, drive away evil spirits, and heal the sick and save people" is Christ.
3. Christ is this: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun shining brightly, hating the Nicolaitans, having received a rod of iron. The word "Christian" (Christ's indoctrination) means: let Christians be "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the party of Nicolas, and who has received the rod of iron The "indoctrination". In short, anyone who does not have the great wisdom to see the "Satanic demons" for what they are, and who does not overthrow the words and deeds of Judaism, is not a "son of God, Jehovah" and has not inherited the "teachings of Jesus Christ ".
4. It is Christianity that makes Christians the indoctrination of Christ. (1) Christianity is a "temporary boat" to bring people to the Kingdom of Heaven, and if you have studied "Christianity" all your life, you will be a "Christian" all your life and die in the "(1) Christianity is a "temporary boat" that leads people to the Kingdom of Heaven, and they are buried in the sea of law because they do not know what the "boat and the other side" are, nor do they know how to (2) "Let Christians be Christians". (2) The "Christian indoctrination" (Christianity) is unique in that it allows Christians to "unlearn Christianity" and to display the general demonic attitude of the "sons of God" in order to become Christ. (2) The Christian is the one who becomes the Christ, and thus becomes the Christ. (3) Magog (the God of knowledge, the body of the report) becomes Christ when he sees Gog (the God of origin, the body of the law). If one does not know what "Magog and Gog" are, and if one misinterprets "Magog and Gog", one becomes a devil. For if the "Christianity", the "temporary vessel of the law", does not bring you to the "other side" and make you Christ, then you become a walking corpse possessed by the devil, for "(4) Monasticism, religion, is a way of life. (4) Monasticism, religion, is a "two-edged sword"; if it does not make you Christ, you must have become a devil. There is no such thing as being "alone" without being Christ. (5) No one is a "Christian" without the discerning eye of the "Son of God, Jehovah" and the general attitude of surrendering to "Satan's demons", and no one has received "Christ's correction". They are not "Christians".
5. The "hymns and prayers" were not written by "Jesus" but by someone of recent times; the "chanting of hymns and prayers" was not done by "Jesus", still less by "Jesus". The "singing of hymns and prayers" was not done by "Jesus", still less was it a "lesson" that "Jesus" wanted his disciples to do; now "singing hymns and prayers" has become a "lesson" for "Christians". Now "singing hymns and prayers" has become "compulsory" for "Christians", and this is the "Satanic devil" using the new, fully upgraded "Jewish doctrine" (Christian indoctrination). "This is a manifestation of the "Satanic demons" corrupting "Christianity" from within, and "building the tomb of the prophet Jesus". It is the "building of the tomb of the prophet Jesus" and the burying of the "teaching of Jesus Christ".
6. The words and actions of Jesus to "break up evil and reveal the nature of the God of heaven" are many, such as: "Woe to you, hypocritical scribes and Pharisees (Jewish practitioners of the "Old Testament"), for you build the tombs of the prophets; woe to you, blind Woe to you who lead the way; woe to you who are ignorant and blind.
7. Jesus was the revolutionary who overthrew the "Old Testament age" and opened the "New Testament age" and gave his life to do so, but not only do Christians not have this awareness, not only do they not follow the path of Jesus and continue to "overthrow the doctrine of Judaism Instead of following the path of Jesus and continuing to "overthrow Jewish doctrine" (to reveal Christ as he was), they are all preaching the "Old Testament of Judaism", which is a manifestation of the "satanic group" that slanders and abuses Jesus. Christians do not know that the "singing of hymns and prayers" is a "satanic indoctrination" that obliterates the "indoctrination of Christ", let alone the "New Testament "This is not the most absurd and scandalous thing, but Christians really think that "Jesus died for him" and that they are the "sinners who killed Jesus". This means that Christians have become Satan, the devil, who insults Jesus.
8. In Christian churches, "Satan's indoctrination" is openly promoted as "Christ's indoctrination", which is a blatant manifestation of Satan's slander and abuse of Jesus. The fact that Christians do not have such an awareness shows that Christians are all Judaizers in the guise of Christianity and minions of Satan.
The meaning of "Revelation
1. A record of opening instructions; a record of the main points to be instructed in several areas, so that Christians may have a basis and direction for practising Christianity. The book of Revelation is not, therefore, simply for "John's day", but is a forward-looking, prophetic warning of what the future holds for Christianity as a whole.
2. Read the book of Revelation and compare it with the Christianity around us to see which situations around us are mentioned in the book of Revelation, and adjust your direction in time to follow the revelation of the book of Revelation, which is the mission of the book of Revelation.
3. As a Christian, if you have not eaten the book of Revelation thoroughly, or even ignored it, you must not have Jesus' "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth". These two weapons will reduce you to the status of "lambs being shepherded by priests and pastors", that is to say, you will be transformed from a normal human being into a "lamb" and a beast. It is a sadness and a tragedy for the civilized world, and a great shame for civilized society that you have become a "lamb to be shepherded by priests and pastors" when you do not know when you will "be raised from Christianity to Christ".
4. Christianity is not at all about Christians becoming "lambs to be shepherded by priests and ministers", but about Christians becoming "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron". If you are a Christian and do not have such a state of consciousness, you are only a lackey of the devil's cave and the devil incarnate.
If you do not know what it means to have "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in your mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron", you have not been taught, you are lazy and do not have the great wisdom to think independently. You have become a "shepherd of priests and ministers", a servant of the "devil Satan", because "priests and ministers" are what Jesus hated They are the "Nicolaitans" whom Jesus hated.
6. Don't be obsessed with Jesus, whose teaching ended when he died. Look at who the "Lamb" is and where he is from, so that you can attend the "marriage supper of the Lamb". Think of the "judgment after the end", not knowing what the "last days" are or when the "end judgment" will begin. If you do not know that the "end of the world" as prophesied by the Maya is the time when the Judgement will begin, you must be a "lamb shepherded by priests".
Evidence that the "Lamb" is not "Jesus
1. To treat the "Jesus" who was "killed" as a "lamb" just because the lamb was "killed" This is a rash and crude "reading of the text", a "false proposition, a fallacy", because "Jesus" did not "open the seven seals" during his life. "5:9 "In the book of Revelation, written after the death of Jesus, it is written in detail how the Lamb "opened the seven seals". In the Book of Revelation, after the death of Jesus, it is written in great detail how the "Lamb" "opened the seven seals". Where are the words and deeds of the "seven seals" that were "opened" during the life of Jesus? There is not a single word in the New Testament about the "unveiling of the seven seals". The "Twelve" do not mention the "marriage supper of the Lamb", so the "Lamb" is not "Jesus".
2. In the vast amount of riddles and metaphors in the Book of Revelation, no Westerner has actually "opened the Seven Seals" for almost 2,000 years until today, therefore, not only is the "once slain" "Jesus" is not the "Lamb" of the "Book of Revelation", which means that the "Lamb" will not be a European or American The Westerners.
3. "7:2 And I saw another angel coming from the land of the rising sun, holding the seal of the living God", this is the image of the "Lamb", the "angel" who "came from the land of the rising sun". This is the image of the "Lamb", the "angel" who "came from the land of the rising sun", a Chinese man from the East; not a Western Jesus at all, nor a Western man. If a Chinese person interpreted the Book of Revelation and "opened the seven seals", he would be the "Lamb" who "came from the land of the rising sun".
4. "12:5 And the woman gave birth to a male child who would rule over the nations with a rod of iron; and her child was brought to the throne of God ": (1) The "male child" is the Lamb "who is brought to the throne of God to rule the nations with a rod of iron". (2) "The woman gave birth to a boy" (boy), not "the woman gave birth to a man, a man" (man). A "boy" is a "short man or man" who looks like a child and is less than 160 cm tall. Jesus was a "man" who was over 160 cm tall. (3) Nor did the "boy" become a tall, handsome "man, man" when he "will rule over the nations with a rod of iron", but rather "her child (boy) was mentioned as a man. Her child (boy) was taken to the throne of God", indicating that it was the "boy" who received the "iron sceptre" and not the tall, handsome "man" (man). man" (man). Therefore, the "Lamb" is not "Jesus". (4) Jesus also did not explain what the "iron rod" was. There is no such thing as "ruling the nations with a rod of iron" during Jesus' lifetime, for Jesus lived only 30 years, and he did not "go out of the country", let alone "visit the nations". Jesus did not study the four religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam during his lifetime, and was not in a position to "rule over the nations". Therefore, the "Lamb" is not "Jesus". (5) The "dominion over the nations" does not mean that "all nations" will learn Christianity, but that "all nations will be taught in their own religions". Therefore, the Lamb is an all-rounder in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, a "revolutionary like Jesus" who advocates the "five religions as one". He was a "revolutionary like Jesus" who advocated the "Five Religions". Therefore, the Lamb "who is mentioned on the throne of God and who rules over the nations with a rod of iron" is really not "Jesus".
5. "16:12 And the sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and the waters of the river were dried up, to prepare the way of the kings who were coming from the land of the rising sun": (1) The Euphrates is called the River Berah in the Bible. The first mention of the Euphrates in the Bible is in Genesis 2 - it is the fourth river to flow out of the Garden of Eden, after the Pishon, the Gihon and the Tigris. The Euphrates, which together with the Tigris to its east defines the Mesopotamian plain, originates in the mountains of Anatolia, flows through Syria and Iraq and finally joins the Tigris to form the Shatt al-Arab and empties into the Persian Gulf. The largest river in South-West Asia. Originating in the Armenian plateau of Turkey, it flows roughly southeast through southern Syria and Iraq, joining the Tigris to form the Shatt al-Arab, which empties into the Persian Gulf. The Euphrates is about 2800 km long. (2) A news article on the drying up of the Euphrates on 21 July 2009, accompanied by several pictures. The river has become noticeably narrower than it was a few years ago. It is feared that soon only half of it will be left and it is said to have dried up three quarters in only 10 years before 2009.
(3) The sun rises in the east, and the 'land of the rising sun' is the east of the world, the Far East, China. (4) The "kings from the land of the rising sun" are a group of Chinese from the East; they are not at all the Jesus of the West, nor are they Westerners. For the Chinese, unlike Christianity, are not frogs at the bottom of the well who are "mono-specialists, who stigmatize other religions, who ignore the existence of others", but kings of the law who have the idea of "three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to root, one God", who are well versed in many religions and find common ground. (5) "The kings from the land of the rising sun", who are disciples of the Lamb, are kings of the law who have mastered many religions and have found common ground. (6) "To prepare the way for the kings who come from the land of the rising sun", for the "Chinese Lamb" is to bring the "Baiyang religion of three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to mother, one God" to the Western Christian countries. "If there is no ravine in Iraq, there will be no obstacle for the "Chinese Lamb". (6) If the "great Euphrates River" is really on the verge of drying up, then it is "ready for the way to the West", and the "Chinese Lamb" will not be able to reach the West until the "White Sun" has been converted. The time is approaching when the "Chinese Lamb" will spread the "Baiyang teaching" to the Christian nations of the West.
Where the book of Revelation speaks directly of the "Lamb
1. 5:6 And I saw among the throne and the four living creatures and the elders a Lamb standing, as if it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, the seven Spirits of God, sent into all the world. 2. 5:7 And this Lamb came and took the scroll from the right hand of him who sat on the throne. 3. 5:8 And when he had taken the scroll, the four living creatures and the twenty-four elders fell down before the Lamb, each holding a lyre and a golden censer full of incense; and this incense was the prayer of all the saints. 4. 5:12 And he said with a loud voice, "Worthy is the Lamb who was slain to receive power, riches, wisdom, might, honor, glory, and praise! the first of the seven seals, then I heard a voice like thunder from one of the four living creatures, saying, Come! 7, 6:16 Say to the mountain and the rock, "Fall on us! Hide us from the face of the throne-sitter and from the wrath of the Lamb.
8, 7:9 After this I looked, and saw a great multitude, which no man could number, from every nation, tribe, people, and tongue, standing before the throne and the Lamb, clothed in white, with palm branches in their hands.9, 7:10 And I cried out with a loud voice, saying, Salvation be to our God who sits on the throne, and to the Lamb.10, 7:14 And I said to him, "You know, my Lord. He said to me, These are the ones who came out of the great tribulation, who have washed their garments white in the blood of the Lamb. 11, 7:17 For the Lamb in the throne will shepherd them and lead them to the fountain of the water of life; and God will wipe away all their tears. 12, 8:1 When the Lamb opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven for about two moments. 13, 13:8 And all who live on the earth and whose names have not been written in the book of life of the Lamb that was slain since the foundation of the world 14,14:1 And I looked, and saw the Lamb standing on Mount Zion, and with him 144,000 men, all having his name and his Father's name written on their foreheads. 15,14:4 These men had not been defiled with women; they were virgins. Wherever the Lamb went, they followed him. They were bought from the earth as firstfruits for God and the Lamb. 16,15:3 Sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb. 17,17:14 They fought against the Lamb, and the Lamb overcame them, for the Lamb is Lord of lords and King of kings. He who is with the Lamb, he who is called and chosen and faithful, will also triumph."
7. There are a few places where the word "Lamb" is not directly stated, which are tests of your wisdom
1. "7:2 And I saw another angel, coming from the land of the rising sun, holding the seal of the living God", which is the image of the "Lamb", "coming from the land of the rising sun". This is the image of the "Lamb", the "angel" who "came from the land of the rising sun", a Chinese man from the East; not a Western Jesus at all, nor a Western man. If a Chinese person interpreted the Book of Revelation and "opened the seven seals", he would be the "Lamb" who "came from the land of the rising sun".
2. "11:2 But the courtyard outside the temple shall be left without measure, for it is given to the Gentiles; and they shall trample on the holy city for forty-two months": (1) "The courtyard outside the temple shall be left without measure" means that if you do not have If you do not have a "measuring tape", if you do not know the "height of the heavens", and if you do not know the difference between "Christ and Christian", you will not become "Christ "You will not know how wide the "courtyard outside the temple" is, which means that you are a narrow-minded and narrow-minded person. (2) "For it was given to the Gentiles" shows that you in the West do not know the difference between "Christ and Christians", that you do not have a "measuring tape", nor do you have a broad mind to know the difference between "Christ and Christians". God could only "give this opportunity to the Gentiles", because "the Gentiles" are much wider than you "This "Gentile" is the "Lamb from the land of the rising sun" (the Chinese Baisang The "Gentiles" are the "lambs from the land of the rising sun" (the Chinese Baisheng). (6) "They will trample on the holy city" means that the True Exposition of the Revelation of the Lamb has reached the "holy city" and has overturned everyone's perceptions. The Church's edification was overturned by the True Exposition of the Revelation, and the Church's edification was "trampled on by the Lamb like the feet of bright brass". (7) The "forty-two months" was a period of three and a half years, the culmination of the study of the Apocalypse by the people of Jerusalem.
3. "11:4 They are the two olive trees and the two lampstands that stand before the Lord of the world": (3) The "two olive trees" are two people who spread "great values" of peace and friendship. (4) The "two lampstands" are lightbearers who shine through darkness and foolishness. (5) The "Lord of the World" is the one who, after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, opened the "Last Judgement and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb" and presided over the White Sun of the world.
4. "11:15 And the seventh angel blew the trumpet, and there came a great voice from heaven, saying, "The kingdoms of the world have become the kingdom of our Lord and of Christ the Lord; and he will reign forever and ever": (1) The "Christ the Lord" here is not Jesus, but "the Lamb". "My Lord and Christ the Lord" are "the Father, the Mother and the Lamb", not "the Father and Jesus". (2) "The kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our Lord and of Christ" because the Baiyang teaching of the "Lamb" has been accepted by the elite and has become the dominant international culture of "universal acceptance". (3) "He will be the Lord and the kingdom of Christ". (3) "He will reign forever and ever", because the Lamb has succeeded in creating the Baiyang world with the teachings of "three religions in one, five religions in one, all dharma in one, and mother to mother" (Baiyang Buddhism). It has become a truth that is universally accepted by wise people.
5. "11:19 At that time the temple of God in heaven was opened, and in his temple appeared the ark of his covenant, followed by lightning, voices, thunderbolts, earthquakes and great hail": (1) "The temple of God in heaven was opened, and in his temple appeared the ark of his covenant", God's The "ark of the covenant" represents God's indoctrination. In "Old Testament" times, the people in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant" who presided over God's edification were the "Jewish priests", who were the personification of the devil, Satan. Jesus overthrew the "Old Testament" era and opened the "New Testament" era by calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". "The ark of the covenant" and the person who presided over God's teaching was "Jesus Christ". (2) After the death of Jesus and the cruel persecution of Christians, the "Catholic papacy" began during the reign of Constantine the Great (272-337), and to this day the person in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant", who presides over the divine correction, is The "Nicolaitans, whom Jesus hated". (3) Since the "Last Judgement" has already begun on 4 April 2017 with the Lamb's exposition of the "Revelation", the person in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant" who presides over God's teaching at this time is "The Lamb from the land of the rising sun". (4) You have nothing to do with the Lamb, you have not received the Lamb's teaching of "five religions, one family, one mother, one root", and you have not received God's teaching of the White Sun, you will not be protected by God, nor will you be able to go to heaven and live forever. You will sink and die in the subsequent "lightning, sound, thunder, earthquake, and great hail".
6. "12:5 And the woman gave birth to a male child who would rule the nations with a rod of iron; and her child was brought up to the throne of God ": The boy who was "brought to the throne of God to rule the nations with a rod of iron" is the "Lamb".
7. "12:9 The great dragon is the ancient serpent, whose name is the devil, and his name is Satan, and he is the one who confounds the whole world. It was thrown to the ground, and its messenger was thrown down with it": this "ground" is the Middle Heaven Church founded by the "Lamb". This "earth" is the earth created by the Lamb, because of the central earthenware, the five elements of which are earth, and earth is the ground.
8. "12:11 The brothers overcame it by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their own testimony. They did not spare their lives, though they died": the brethren overcame it because "we brethren" read the Book of Revelation and became "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass, having received a rod of iron". It is because "our brother" is an "angel from the land of the rising sun", a Chinese "great sage with eyes of fire and a golden rod", called in Christianity In Christianity it is called "the Lamb".
9. "12:16 But the earth helped the woman and opened her mouth and swallowed the water that came out of the dragon's mouth": (1) Those who have studied the "five elements of yin and yang" in Taoism will immediately understand the meaning here. (1) Those who have studied the "Five Elements of Yin and Yang" in Taoism will immediately understand the meaning here. (1) Anyone who has studied the Five Elements of Taoism will immediately understand the meaning here. The "earth" is the central earth of Wu and Hui, the ninth house around which the eight trigrams revolve, the middle heaven. The sect that belongs to the "earth" is the Chinese sect of the Middle Heaven, which has the idea of "three religions in one, five religions in one, recognizing the mother and returning to the root, and returning to God", that is, the sect of the "Lamb".
10. "16:12 And the sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and its waters were dried up, to prepare the way for the kings who were coming from the land of the rising sun": "The Chinese Lamb" wants to bring "three religions in one, five religions in one, one mother in one, one God in one". The "Chinese Lamb" has to pass through the "Mesopotamian Plain" (Iraq) in order to spread the "Baiyang religion" to the Western Christian nations.
11. "17:14 They fight against the Lamb, and the Lamb will overcome them, for the Lamb is Lord of lords and King of kings. He who is with the Lamb, he who is called and chosen and faithful, will also prevail": (1) The Chinese Lamb from the "land of the rising sun" "unveiled the seven seals" and truly expounded the Book of Revelation. When the Chinese Lamb's "True Exposition of the Bible" reached the Christian nations, the whole Christian religion was aghast, and of course they would not recognize the Chinese Lamb's exposition of the Book of Revelation. All the "Christian church groups" do not stand aloof from the "trampling" of the "Chinese Lamb", but they "fight the Lamb" in various ways. However, apart from some Christians, many wise people support the Chinese Lamb's interpretation of the Book of Revelation, because in a world dominated by wise people, all wise people "share the same feelings and are heroes". Thus, the result of the church group's "war against the Lamb" was unexpected, and the "church group" did not expect the upper classes of the Western nations to fall to the "Chinese Lamb".
12. "18:1 After this I saw another angel of great power descend from heaven, and the earth shone with his glory": (1) The world is made up of five basic substances: "gold, wood, water, fire and earth", earth, the "earth (1) The world is made up of five basic substances, namely, "gold, wood, water, fire and earth". (2) The "angel of great power" has interpreted the Bible's Book of Revelation, revealing a Christianity that has never been seen before, and the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation is "the glory of his glory", which has made the Middle Heavenly Church an international religion. (3) This "other angel of great power" is from the "land of the rising sun" and is the "Chinese Lamb" who "unveils the seven seals". (3) This "other angel of great power" is from the "land of the rising sun" and is the "Chinese Lamb" who "unveils the seven seals". If the "Chinese Lamb" was not an "angel of great authority", he could not have interpreted the Book of Revelation. There have been many attempts to interpret the Book of Revelation throughout history, but they have only been able to guess at the surface of the text, and have not written a series of articles, sentence by sentence, showing that they are all "blind men without ears". Only the "Chinese Lamb's" True Exposition of the Book of Revelation is an exposition in the true sense of the word.
13. 19:11 And I looked, and saw the heavens opened. 19:12 His eyes were like a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns, and a name written, which no one knows but he himself; 19:13 He was clothed in blood-spattered garments, and his name was the way of God. 19:14 And the armies in heaven rode after him on white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean. 19:15 And a sharp sword came out of his mouth, and he was a man of the world: 15 And a sharp sword shall come out of his mouth, and shall smite the nations. 19:16 And he shall rule them with a rod of iron, and shall kick the winepress of the wrath of God Almighty. 19:16 And it shall be written on his garment and on his thigh, King of kings and Lord of lords.
14. "20:1 And I saw another angel descending from heaven, holding in his hand the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain": (8) The angel who "held the key of the bottomless pit in his hand" was the Lamb, the lawgiver of God, and in the Lamb's hand The "one great chain" in the Lamb's hand is his method of teaching, "the way to make Christians into Christ", his lineage of law. The Lamb's sect is called "Bai Yang Dao Pan, Bai Yang Di Pan" because it is on earth, and only those who become "Bai Yang Dao Pan" are blessed disciples of God, otherwise, they are legal slaves who recognize thieves as their fathers. Only those who become disciples of the Lamb have a direct connection with the Lamb, and this lineage is called "Bai Yang Ren Pan". The "Baiyang Dao Pan" and the "Baiyang Ren Pan" are "a great chain held by an angel descending from heaven".