Explanatory Notes on the 27th Psalm of the New Testament, "The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation (2)
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
Who is the "God, the Father, the only true God" of Christianity?
"The Motherless Mother is the mother who gave birth to the universe, the mother of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam: 1. To enjoy God. The book of the Yu dynasty: "The Wunyang God". The book of the Xia dynasty: "The God of the Call". The book of the Shang dynasty: Pi Li God. The book of the Zhou dynasty: To serve God with respect. Zengzi's book "The University": "Ke-shi" is worthy of God. Zisi's book of the Middle Ages: "To worship God". Confucius' Analects of Confucius: The Emperor and the Empress. Mencius (Mencius) so serves God. In Xiao Ya, God is clearly served. The Great Elegance (Da Ya) is about the God of the world. The Letters to the Emperor (Tang Gong). Zhaogong (The Emperor is God). God is the Emperor, the Emperor carries on God. God is the greatest, the highest (Huang: meaning the greatest, the highest). God is dependence: God is our support. God is God: God is a deity we fear (Gion: a deity or Holy Spirit who is pious and worthy of fear). The Shang Shu identifies God as the supreme authority for blessings and punishments: God, the Emperor of Heaven, has changed the Son of the Firstborn, and the king of the great nation of Yin has been ordained, without boundaries but rest, and without boundaries but compassion. If there is constancy in the nature of the emperor, he will be able to pacify his people. But God is unpredictable; He sends a hundred blessings for good and a hundred calamities for bad. But when the time was right, he heard of it from God, and the emperor rested, and the heavens gave great orders to King Wen. But when God gathered his order to the King of Wen. God rested on King Ning and raised our small state, Zhou. This shows that the Chinese ancestors sincerely believed that "God" had the highest authority to bless and punish!
2. Other Taoist titles for "Wusheng Lao Mu": Heavenly Father, Heavenly King, God, Lao Zu, Lao Mu, Rulai, Zhen Zai, Wuji Supreme, Yuan Shi Lao Mu, Wuji Wei Huang Sheng Mu, Xuan Xuan Shang Ren, Ming Ming God, Wuji Lao Mu, Wuji Sheng Mu, Wusheng Mu, Yaochi Golden Mother, Xi Wang Mu, Wang Mu Niang Niang, Xi Hua Di Jun, Tai Shang Xuan Niu, Jin Gong, Jin Gong, Ancestral Mother, Old Grandmother, Wan Shou. Grandmother, Old Grandmother, Mother of Ten Thousand Life, Old Mother of Ten Thousand Life, Old Wusheng, Wuji, Xiantian, Tao.
3. The Buddhist names of the "Wusheng Old Mother" are: Wuji Ancient Buddha, Immeasurable Buddha, Immeasurable Life Buddha, Tianzhen Ancient Buddha, Wuji Tianzhen Ancient Buddha, Old Ancient Buddha, Ancient Mother Ancient Buddha.
4. In Jesus Christianity, "Wusheng Lao Mu" is "the one true God, the Father, God, Jehovah, the Lord, the Almighty, the Holy, the First, the Last".
5. The "Mother of the Living God" in Islam is "Allah, Allah and Huda". "Allah is the common Chinese term used by Chinese Muslims to refer to the supreme deity of Islam. "Allah" is the Arabic term, widely used in Arab countries, and is also commonly used in the Western media. Muslims who speak Persian, Urdu and Turkic languages call it "Huda" (meaning "The One Who Owns"). The Qur'an states that "Allah" has 99 beautiful names (99 virtues) and is a unique, everlasting, omniscient, omnipresent, supreme authority who creates everything and governs the destiny of all people.
6. Therefore, disciples of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam should abandon their differences and go and study in other religions to obtain the degrees of the "five religions" to prove that they are the direct descendants of the "Almighty". "Religious people after 21 December 2012 who have learned the essence of the five religions and obtained the degrees of the "five religions" should not be "stuck in a rut" within one denomination. To become "the Almighty, the Christ Almighty" is to "acknowledge one's mother and return to one's roots". Only when one has done so can one be born into the Kingdom of Heaven forever. All religious people who are not tolerant, who do not have a knowledgeable and versatile mind, and who still "stick to foolishness" within one religion, cannot become Christ, nor can they live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven, but can only be tortured in hell, because these "frogs at the bottom of the well" are all devils of the devil's group, and are the same as the "Almighty, the Almighty". These "frogs at the bottom of the well" are demons of the devil's group and are the opposite of the "Almighty, the Almighty Christ".

The image of "God, the Father, the only true God" in the book of Revelation
1. "1:4 May it be from God, who was, who is, and who is to come forever, and from the seven spirits who are before his throne": (5) "God, who was, who is, and who is to come forever" is the immortal, invisible, and omnipresent formless reality, the source of all life that exists eternally. This is the "one true God", also known as the Creator, God, the Mother of All Living, the Buddha of Immeasurable Life, the Buddha Nature, the Original God, the Dharma Body, the Heavenly Life, and the Gog. All things in this world are transient and illusory because of the four stages of "becoming, dwelling and destruction" (birth, old age, sickness and death).
2. "1:8 And the Lord God said, "I am Arafa, and I am Omerga" (note: "Arafa" and "Omerga" are the Greek words for "first and last"). (a) (1) "The first" is the Supreme Being; the Supreme Being is invisible and omnipresent, the Word is hidden and nameless. (2) The "end" is the Taiji (the afterlife); it has a name and is the mother of all things, i.e., like "one". The "yes" of Tai Chi is made up of Yin and Yang (the two yi), which are the fundamentals of all things. It also includes yin and yang, rigidity and flexibility, odd and even, up and down, male and female, and so on. The way of heaven and earth is nothing but yin and yang. In the Book of Changes, there is the Taiji, which gives rise to the two rites. The two yi give birth to the four elephants, the four elephants give birth to the eight trigrams, and the eight trigrams determine the state of heaven and earth. (3) The relationship between the "first and the last": (1) The creation of something out of nothing. Wuji gives birth to Taiji. The first begets the second. (4) "The Almighty" means that all divine beings have the same origin and that the three Buddhas of the ten directions share the same Dharma body. When one has learned one Dharma, one knows all Dharmas, and the Dharma is interchangeable, one is an "Almighty". The "Almighty" is another title for Christ.

3. "4:10 Then the twenty-four elders fell down before those who sat on the throne and worshipped Him who lives forever and ever, and put their crowns before the throne, saying: (1) "Then the twenty-four elders fell down before those who sat on the throne and worshipped Him who lives forever and ever. ", because the "twenty-four elders" were all "sons of God" born of the infinite God, and therefore "fell down before the seated throne and worshipped" The Supreme Spirit. (2) "He who lives forever and ever", the Supreme Spirit, who gives birth to all things without leaving a name, who is immortal, is the source of all things, and is the Word from which "no one can be separated for a moment". (3) The "crowns" are the phases, the names, and the taiji. The phrase "put their crowns in front of the throne" indicates that "all the phases, names, and taiji" are born of the Supreme Spirit above the throne, indicating that above the throne sits the Creator, the Supreme Spirit, who gives birth to "all the phases, names, and taiji It is an indication that above the throne sits the Creator, the Mother, the Mother, the Father (God) who gave birth to "all phases, names and taiji".
4. "4:11 Worthy are you, our Lord and our God, to receive glory and honour and power, for you created all things, and by your will all things were created": (1) "Our Lord and our God", the Creator who gave birth to us and Mother of every human genesis (dharma, gog) that gives birth to us, the one infinite true God. (2) "Glory, honour, and power" are all "phases and names" born of the "nameless and faceless" Creator, the Mother of the Lifeless, so if there is If there is one "worthy of glory, honour and power", it is "our Lord and our God". It is shallow and ignorant to think that one should be "glorified, honoured and empowered" because of one's personal achievements in a particular field. (2) The "Lord, our God" is the common mother of all immortals and Buddhas, the source of all life, the Infinite Mother, the Infinite Holy Mother, the Infinite Father (God).

5. "12:1 A great vision appeared in heaven: a woman clothed with the sun, with her feet on the moon, and with a crown of twelve stars on her head": (1) "Wuji gives birth to Taiji, Taiji to the two rites, the two rites to the four signs, the four signs to the eight trigrams, and the eight trigrams to the heaven and earth. (5) "There was a woman clothed in the sun and with her feet on the moon", indicating that she was the Wuji Old Mother (Wu Sheng Lao Mu) who gave birth to "Yin and Yang", the Buddha's name was "Buddha of Immeasurable Life", and the Confucian name was "The name of the Buddha is the Buddha of Immeasurable Life, the name of Confucianism is the God of Ming, the God of Dang, the Emperor, the God of Heaven, and the name of Jesus is the One True God, the Father, God, and Jehovah, and in Islam it is the name of the Great, God, and Allah. In Islam, it is called "Al-Huda, Allah, and Allahu Akbar". (6) "Crowned with the twelve stars" means that she is the first to rule the universe and there is no higher glory than hers, and she is the common mother of all gods and Buddhas.

(10) "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" are all lacking, and "the five religions are one" is the divine hope.
It is not only Christianity that is lacking in its teachings, but also Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. If you were the only sect that was perfect, there would be no other sects. The existence of other denominations is also an indication that you are not perfect. Because there is no perfection, there should be deficiencies. It is the law of human society that we should go out and open up our horizons and learn from the strengths of others through exchange. Whoever goes against this principle of "openness" will be passive, backward, in disarray and trampled on.
2. Jesus lived only 30 years, and he did not even have time to refine the "doctrine and precepts" in a really systematic way, although he said "only a few words" and his disciples mentioned about "doctrine and precepts", but they were all covered up. "but they are covered up in insignificant writings, obliterated by a multitude of demonic heresies, which do not make the "teaching of Christ" clear at a glance. "The book of Revelation uses many "parables and metaphors" and other rhetorical devices, which are so esoteric that they leave plenty of room for Satan to misinterpret the scriptures. Of all the world's religions, Christianity is the most widespread and the most numerous, because many people can interpret "Christianity" to make up for the absence of Jesus, so the "most numerous Christianity" is in fact the most disorganised denomination. Although there is a common "God and Jesus" among the denominations, there is no unified and perfect "doctrine and precepts", and they all present themselves in a new and different way, which in fact is far from the "God and Jesus In fact, they are far from the teachings of "God and Jesus" and are all "satanic groups" that use Jewish teachings to obliterate Christianity.
3. All religions are about the return of people to heaven, so although the vocabulary of the five religions "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" is different, their teachings should be "similar, similar and complementary". If there is no complementarity and common ground, then it is not the true path of redeeming people to heaven, for there is no second place in heaven. Religion is supposed to uplift people spiritually, but Christians are not only not uplifted spiritually and do not have a loving heart, but Christianity also stigmatises all denominations, so Christians are frogs at the bottom of the well who are "blinded by one leaf". If we do not study the Bible with the cultivation of Confucianism, we will not be able to apply the essence of the three religions to Christianity, and we will not be able to solve the dilemma posed by the interpretation of the Book of Revelation, giving the "spokesman of Satan" the opportunity to misinterpret the Scriptures. This gives the "spokesman of Satan" unlimited scope to misinterpret the scriptures.
4. Confucianism uses the "Five Rites and Eight Virtues" to cultivate the body and nourish the mind to achieve "knowledge of heaven's destiny", while Taoism uses the Golden Elixir to achieve "the meeting of life and the unity of heaven and man". The Buddhists use the doctrine of the Wutong Sect to realize "to see the mind and the nature, to see the nature and become Buddha", which is "to cultivate the nature". "Confucianism, Taoism and Buddhism each represent the "essence" of the Tao, and therefore the "unity of the three religions" is the complete Tao. "Confucianism, Taoism and Buddhism have been complementing each other for more than a thousand years and have developed an affinity for each other, so that the three religions of Confucianism, Taoism, Buddhism and Buddhism, which are united, are able to realise clarity of mind and nature. It enables one to become a Christ. If one becomes a Christ (the Son of God, the Enlightened One), one will know that "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism" are the five great paths of God's "five great religions", and that "Confucianism, Taoism and Buddhism" represent the "Tao" of "Tao". "道 "的 "精气神"，耶教是 "道 "的骨架，回教是 "道 "的血肉。 "The five religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, are the complete Tao, the true reunion and the great completion.
5. "The three religions are united, the five religions are one, the mother is returned to her roots, and the same is returned to God", and this religious thought has become the doctrine (religious thought) of the new century (after the "end of the world"). the indoctrination of the lamb, the wedding feast of the lamb". I hope that those who do not have a sense of "internationalisation, globalisation and the global village" will go abroad as soon as possible and stop being "frogs in a well"; please do not have a sense of "internationalisation, globalisation and the global village". Those who do not have a sense of "internationalisation, globalisation and global village", please take a look at how many "foreign goods, cultures and symbols" are around you in your spare time, and stop being a "criminal who draws a blank". "Stop being a criminal. "Three religions are united, five religions are one, one mother is returned to her roots, and one God is returned". Those who are "in bed with China" are all "die-hard fools of the old law boat" and are "vestigial spirits" who cannot face up to the times, keep up with them and are abandoned by them. In short, whoever destroys the great reunion and completion of the "Five Religions" will incur the "wrath of the lamb" and be the incarnation of Satan.

11. "Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism" is the key to unlocking the Book of Revelation
There is no clear concept in the Bible of the "three bodies" (the body of the law, the body of retribution, and the body of incarnation), and there is no written explanation in the Book of Revelation of how ordinary people should learn to be as divine as Jesus. This is why Christianity was "outlawed" by the Roman emperor in the early days and perfected by the "church group" (the Nicolaitans) in the later days. Christianity did not know the "three bodies and four wisdoms", nor could it have known what the "marriage supper of the Lamb" was.
2. Sex is your Self, your God, your "Sexual Self" (Dharma body, nature, destiny, Gog); your present physical body is your "Human Self" (human body, incarnation). The "nature self" comes from heaven and enters the mortal body with the birth of the "human self"; the innate air is transferred to the acquired body through the breathing of the lungs; the lungs provide oxygen to the body, which is the "golden light The human being becomes a living spiritual body, and the spiritual light is the acquired consciousness and perception (soul, body and magus) of the human body, and the "acquired consciousness and perception" (soul, body and magus) becomes the "life self" of this life.
The Self (Yuan Shen, Dharma Body, Ge Ge) is the feminine (female) Nüwa Zhang, and the Knowledge (Fate Soul, Report Body, Magu) is the masculine (male) Fuxi Li. The practitioner in this life, through the "internal practice of qi", makes the self-expression of the body possible, which is the "cultivation of life". To reveal, as Jesus did, that the "Jewish doctrine" is the work of the "evil god Satan", and to reveal the true nature of the Self as the "Christ" (the Son of God), this is This is the "cultivation of the nature". This is the "cultivation of the nature". When the divine opens the mystical gate, the spirit flies out of the human body and the practitioner knows which one of the heavenly beings has come down to earth, and the "knowledge of the spirit" (the soul, the retribution body and the Magus) and the "self-nature" (the spirit, the Dharma body and the Gog) are united. This is the Taoist "unity of heaven and man", the Buddhist "unity of the one phase", and the Christian "wedding feast of the Lamb".
3. After participating in the "marriage feast of the Lamb" and practising the "five religions of the White Sun Buddhism", Magog (the God of Knowledge) saw Gog (the God of Origin) and became the Christ, then he had the same divine power as "Jehovah, the righteous God". With the same divine power as Jehovah, Jesus proved himself to be the "Christ" by revealing the teachings of Judaism in word and deed. With the same power as "Jehovah, the right God", but without the realm of Jesus' words and deeds to expose Jewish doctrine, instead people sing hymns and prayers, with the mouths of "priests" (Jewish missionaries) from the "Old Testament". "Such a person is a demon possessed by "Satan".
If one becomes a true "Christ", he will be able to reveal the countless "metaphors and heavenly mysteries" of the Bible, and will be able to demonstrate the true nature of the "Son of God" by speaking and acting as if he were going to die. If the "Christ" is false, he will use vile and shameless words and deeds to justify his hypocrisy, he will misinterpret the Bible to absolve himself of guilt, and he will use "charitable words and deeds" to cover up the fact that he is the "Son of God" who has harmed the lives of others. They will also use "charitable words and deeds" to hide their true nature as "Satan" who is a victim of human wisdom.

The Three Buddhist Dharma Transitions (the "sheep" of three different eras and the "wedding feast of the lamb" of three different eras)
1. Human nature (self-nature, genesis, dharma body, monk, angel, Gog) comes from heaven and is of the same nature as the divine, hence the metaphorical meaning of "dragon"; in terms of cultivation, it is passive, Yin, and Nuwa. In terms of cultivation, it is active, Yang, and is Fuxi. It is the only way to bring people back to heaven, and is also known as the "Golden Thread". After participating in the "marriage feast of the lamb" (practising the White Sun Buddhism of the Middle Heaven religion), Fuxi (Magog) and Nuwa (Gog) enter the bridal chamber and realise the "meeting of lives, the unity of heaven and man, and the unity of phases", and the primordial god (Gog) becomes the core of the knowledge god (Magog). When the God of Knowledge (Magog) has the divine powers of the God of Knowledge (Magog), it is the birth of a "holy child" and the birth of a "new scholar and a new Christ". When Magog (the god of knowledge, the body of God) meets Gog (the god of the law, the body of God), he becomes the Christ.
Because of the different levels of development and progress of human society, there are three stages of LW, called the "three periods of LW". For each level, the teachings of the three periods of the Society are different, as human civilisation is always progressing. Green Sun, Red Sun and White Sun are the "sheep" of three different eras. The "lambs" (slain lambs, masters) of the different eras compiled their teachings and spent their life's work to bring people back to heaven, resulting in the "wedding feast of the lambs" of the three different eras.
2. A period of the Long Hua Hui, with the Taoist monarch at the helm and the Burning Lamp presiding, with the Tao descending on kings and generals. The "Taoism" (the golden path to achieve "life meeting") of the Qing Yang Dynasty, which was taught by the Buddha, began in the time of the Fuxi Clan (4811 BC-4709 BC) and ended with King Wen of the Zhou Dynasty (Ji Chang 1152 BC-1056 BC), a total of three thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine years. Fifty-nine years. In the beginning, God set nine tribulations, called the "Yan Kang Water Tribulation" (the Dragon and Han Water Tribulation), according to the seriousness of the sins of the world. The "nine tribulations" do not necessarily mean the change of dynasties, but the "first nine" of the I Ching, which means the first stage. It is the first "wedding feast of the lamb", or to be precise, "the wedding feast of the green lamb".
3. The second phase of the Long Hua Hui, with Sakyamuni Buddha at the helm and Maitreya presiding, and the Tao descending on the teacher and the Confucian. Buddhism (the non-dual righteousness of clarity of mind and nature) began with the reign of King Wen of the Zhou Dynasty (Ji Chang 1152~1056 BC) and lasted for 3,164 years until December 21, 2012. In the beginning, God ordained eighteen karmas, called the "Red Fire Karmas", in view of the weight of the sins of the world. Eighteen is two nines added together, which is the second stage in the I Ching, the "Nine and Two". It is the second "wedding feast of the lamb", or to be precise, the "wedding feast of the red lamb".
4. The three stages of the Long Hua Hui, the Dao descending to the Confucian Sect, with Maitreya at the helm (the heavenly plate) and the Confucian children presiding (the human plate and the earthly plate), the Dao descending to the fire house of the common people (such people as "monks, priests and priests" were outlawed, and the teachings of Confucianism were used to spread the Dharma), and the "Baiyang Dharma" was opened to collect the circle. The "Baiyang Buddhism" was a great success. On 21 December 2012, the century-long "transition period" ended and the Baiyang period officially began. "December 21, 2012, is the "New Year's Day", the official start of the Baiyang period, which will end in the future in the year 10,800. God has sent down eighty-one holocausts, called the "Long Han Wind Calamity", according to the seriousness of the sins of people in the world now. Like the "Nine and Eighteen Tribulations" above, the "Eighty-One Tribulations" are also multiples of nine, so do not be confused by the numbers and fail to recognise the truth. The White Sun period is the third stage. It is the third "wedding feast of the lamb", or to be precise, the "wedding feast of the white lamb".
The 1911 Xinhai Revolution's "Green Sky and White Sun Flag" was the symbol of the beginning of the "transitional period" of the Baiyang era. On October 1, 1949, the People's Republic of China replaced the Republic of China. The "Green Sky, White Sun and Red Earth" was replaced by the "Five Star Red Flag"; the "Five Star Red Flag" signified the "transitional period" of the Red Sun Dynasty. The "five-star red flag" signifies the end of the "transitional period" of the Red and Yang Dynasties, after which the Zhongtian Sect was born, as the "five stars" represent the "earth" in the fifth position of "gold, wood, water, fire and earth". The "Five Stars" represent the "Earth" in the fifth position of "Metal, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth". A "Great Star" is "Taoism", and the remaining four small stars surrounding the "Great Star" are "Confucianism, Buddhism, Islam and Islam". "This is the origin of China's "Five Star Flag".
China will not only become the centre of the "Five Religions", but will also host the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" (the third Longhua session) with the participation of all five religions. The "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" will take place in the next year of the Chinese calendar: 7th year of luck: Tui Jin (1984-2003); 8th year of luck: Burgundy Earth (2004-2023); 9th year of luck: Li Fire (2023-2043).

5. 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world as predicted by the Mayans", the end of the "100-year transition period" between the Red and White Suns, the "end of the world" when Shakyamuni Buddha completes his term of office. Before 2012, it is the "single speciality" dharma movement of "Taoism and Buddhism for all sentient beings". At this stage, due to the limitations of human civilization, Taoists practised Buddhism and monks studied Buddhism; Taoists did not study Buddhism and monks did not study Taoism; if "Taoists studied Buddhism and monks studied Taoism", they would be "jumping the path and usurping the religion", so they were not complete. This is the reason why, before 2012, all the holy beings who had attained the Way had to come down to earth to take part in the "three phases of the Long Hua Assembly".
Before 1986, knowledge was not popularised enough because of the "inaccessibility of the literary movement"; before 1949 many people could not read and write, and there were not many literate people in a village, so it was very difficult to obtain a book. "Before 1949, many people could read and write, and it was very easy to obtain a book. Since 1986, when nine-year compulsory education became universal, English was taught in kindergartens, and computers became commonplace, several or even hundreds of people could answer a question for you, and ordinary people had the conditions and the possibility to "know one thing from another". The conditions and possibilities for the ordinary people to "know one thing".
After 2012, the Baiyang era, under the reign of Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven, began, and by this time mankind had become more civilised than at any other time in history ("mobile phones and computers" are "heavenly eyes and ears", "cars and planes" are "divine eyes and ears", and "the world of the gods"). The "mobile phone and computer" are the "sky eyes and ears", the "car and aeroplane" are the "magic feet and flying"), and it is extremely regressive and biased to ask the highly civilized modern man to learn the "single specialties" (Taoism and Buddhism) of 2,500 years ago. This is why the idea of "Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism and the Five Religions in one" (Baiyang Buddhism, the last word) was born and became the "only doctrine of cultivation" in the Baiyang world. This made it inevitable that the idea of "the unity of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, and the unity of the five religions" (Baiyang Buddhism, the last stroke) should emerge and become the "sole doctrine" of the Baiyang world.
As long as the sects that did not teach "Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism, and the Five Religions as one" (other than the "Middle Heaven Sect"), they were all "ships that have sailed away" and all "cultivated but not certified". They are all "old sects" that have "practice but no proof" (they cannot realize the "clear mind and see the nature") and do not have the destiny of Heaven. The "old school" without the "fate of Heaven and the law of fortune" not only fails to enlighten people, but also reduces them to frogs at the bottom of the well, who sit and watch the sky. Chapter 28 of The Meaning of the Chinese Language and Culture (Ziyou zi) says: "A fool is good at using himself, and a lowly man is good at specialising himself. He was born in this world, but he opposes the ancient ways. If you do so, you will be plagued by disasters and your own body.

6. The Taishan Taoist Church has taken on the task of discovering and organising the 7,000 years of Chinese civilisation, following in the footsteps of the sages, promoting the cultural essence of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, cutting through the dross of traditional culture, and passing on the "intangible cultural heritage "It is an outstanding boldness and courage to provide the framework and norms for the Chinese people to shape their "national soul and values", which can be described as ancient but not old, new but not young. It provides advice, direction and models for the reform of religious thought in the new century, for the improvement of the quality and cultivation of religious people, and for the correction of errors and misconceptions, with justification and confidence.
The Baiyang Tripitaka, a series of books compiled by the Zhongtian Church, consists of scriptures from the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism. "The scriptures are a clear yardstick for the world to distinguish between the authenticity of the scriptures and the magic of the true teachings, and to enable those who receive the teachings to become "villagers of the global village standing on the top of Mount Tai", and to have the state of mind of "three religions in one, five religions in one, all dharmas in one, and mother to the root". The idea of "three religions in one, five religions in one, all laws in one, and mother to mother" has become the core doctrine of the Middle Heavenly Church.

Questions and Answers on the Book of Revelation
1. "The Book of Revelation": How many years ago was it written? How old was the author? What did he do for a living? How is he now? Answer: (1) The book of Revelation was written on the 10th anniversary of Jesus' death, on the 3rd day of the 3rd month in 40 AD, and John wrote it in three days. (2) John was 43 years old when he went to the island of Patmos with two attendants, and was released in the summer of 48 years old when he left the island of Patmos and went to Ephesus in Turkey, where he preached until he was 98 years old, when he returned to heaven. (3) Now in heaven. (4) John was three years older than Jesus. Jesus was 26 years old when he was baptised by "John the Baptist", in the fourth month of the lunar calendar. He was 30 years old when he was crucified and returned to heaven on the 3rd day of the 3rd lunar month. (5) Jesus "came with the Word" and was born without closing his eyes to heaven, and from his childhood he had the power to enter and leave the underworld.

2. (1) Is the book of Revelation the revelation of Jesus Christ? Answer: Yes.
(2) "When the Apostle John was banished to the island of Patmos during the Domitian persecution of the Church, the Lord appeared to him and showed him "the things that are and the things that must be done". It became the book of Revelation. It was written between about 9496 years after the Lord". Q: Is that right? Answer: (1) It was not the time of Domitian (Thutmizen). It was the period of the third emperor of the Roman Empire, "Caligula" (12-41 AD). (2) "Between about 9496 A.D." is a lie made up by Judaizers ("satanic" demons) under the guise of Christianity. It was written in 40 AD, the 10th anniversary of the death of the Lord Jesus.
(3) "Revelation 2-3 records seven letters to seven churches in Asia Minor, including Ephesus, Spina, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia and Laodicea. It contains exhortations and rebukes for each church. It also calls the "overcomers" of the seven churches to an eternal, glorious reward at the end of time. Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.
(4) "The Roman emperor Domitian ordered a mass raid on Christians and had them executed, even his cousin's family. Domitian persecuted Christians because they refused to call him God. The emperor did not want to wait for the customary posthumous title of God after his death, but asked the people to call him "Our Lord and our God" during his lifetime. Q: Is that so? How is this emperor now? Answer: Yes. After 500 years of being punished by splitting his body, he was sent to the hell of Abhishek.
(5) "In 81 A.D. Titus, who had been tormented by various calamities (he reigned in 79-81 after the destruction of Jerusalem in 70, which put an end to the Jewish campaign), died of illness and was succeeded by his brother Domitian. On the one hand, Domitian deified himself and continued his personal worship throughout the empire; on the other hand, he pursued a "three-light" policy of killing, burning and looting the Christian church, even against his own niece, Uriah, who was a believer in Christ. On the other hand, he pursued a "three-light" policy of killing, burning and looting the Christian Church, and did not even put down the butcher's knife for his own niece, Mary, who believed in Christ. Q: Is this true? A: (1) It was normal for the emperor to shut down the Christian Church because he wanted to give direction to the nation's thinking. (2) It is not at all true that "he did not put down the sword of slaughter even for his own niece Uriah, who believed in Christ", but that this was a "Christian lie". This is a "Christian lie", and there are many such lies, for "Domitian's" (Tumisan) own niece, Uriah, was his mistress, and it was impossible for a lonely emperor to kill his mistress. The fact that Uriah was "killed twice" during an abortion, but became a "Christian" who was killed, shows how confusing "Christianity" was. (3) Empress Domitia, whose lover "Paris" was executed and exiled by Domitian for misconduct, was recalled shortly afterwards. This is the reason why his own niece Uriah became his mistress.
(6) "Gaius Caesar Augustus Germanicus (31 August 12 - 24 January 41) was the third emperor of the Roman Empire, often referred to by later historians as "Caligula". After 37 years, Caligula ordered the statues of the gods brought in from Greece to be replaced by his own head, and people were required to pay homage to his own statue as they passed by. Claudius I was the fourth emperor of the Julian-Claudian dynasty, reigning from 41-54 AD. From the tyrant Nero (37-68; reigned 54-68) to Domitian (51-96; reigned 81-96), the Roman Empire changed emperors, but its religious policy remained the same for one very important reason: the Roman emperors liked to deify themselves. As soon as they ascended to the throne, they would scramble to rank themselves among the Roman gods and goddesses, and then call on all the subjects of the empire to worship them as if they were gods. But the Christians, who had never worshipped anyone but gods, were certainly at odds with the Roman emperor's policy of personal deification, and the Roman emperor, of course, had no mercy on these "rebels" (Christians).
Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes. There were two main reasons for the Roman emperors' cruelty to early Christianity: firstly, for legal reasons. (1) Because the year of Jesus' birth, 1 A.D., saw the reign of the nine-year-old Han Ping Emperor Liu of the Western Han Dynasty, who changed his reign to Yuan Shi; and the year of Jesus' death, 33 A.D., was the ninth year of Jian Wu, the Guang Wu Emperor (Liu Xiu) of the Eastern Han Dynasty. This was the era of the Red Sun, and Shakyamuni's "non-dual teachings" were the mainstream of the times, so Shakyamuni's perfected teachings were uniquely supported by the majority of emperors, which was unparalleled by Christianity. The Buddha's theory of "seeing the mind and returning to the kingdom of heaven" is much more detailed than that of Jesus. The "three bodies and four wisdoms" are the basic doctrines of the Immortal Righteousness, and no Christian has ever heard of the "three bodies" (Dharma body, the retribution body and the incarnation body), nor do they have the "four wisdoms", nor can they know what the "wedding feast of the Lamb" is. It is impossible to know what the "wedding feast of the Lamb" (the event of clarity of mind, the three stages of the Long Hua Society) is. In the 49 years of the Buddha's teachings, many of his disciples reached his level, so that his teachings and precepts were clear and sound, forming a perfect "religious order". (2) The emperor of any country is appointed by the "God Jehovah" (God, the living mother), and is the one who is supposed to appear (whether he is a wise or a foolish ruler), and the emperor will carry out his "mission as emperor" by "divine providence". The emperor will carry out his "mission as emperor", which is the "mandate of heaven" from above. The emperor is the spokesman of the "God Jehovah" for a period of time in the administration of the world, and it is up to the emperor to issue orders for the popularisation of the teachings of heaven. (3) The sects that were "banned and suppressed" by the emperor, whether by a dim or a bright ruler, were all sects that were not perfect in their teachings and did not enable people to realize their spirituality. This is the "sealing" of the sects that cannot bring people back to heaven. This is because it is a matter of divine providence that the sects will be transmitted until a certain time; the divine "reasonable regulation" of the world's education (sects) is exercised through the emperor, the "Son of Heaven". (4) The Christianity of Jesus was "sealed" by Heaven with the murder of Jesus, and all Christians became wanderers who were "not wanted in the Kingdom of Heaven and could not enter it", and were "satanized". They became "Satan's" "Judaizers" under the guise of Christianity.
The second reason is Jesus' own under the conditions of the "short-lived legalism". (1) Jesus could not be blamed for not having sound Christian doctrine, because his mission was to create a "case of enlightenment, of the death of the heart and the living of the nature", and so Jesus had successfully fulfilled his mission. (2) Jesus himself did not leave behind a canon to record his words and actions, and his followers did not have a clear canon to practise. The Law of Moses was not perfected by Jesus, leaving future believers without a clear basis or code. Jesus left too much room for misunderstanding as he did not explain the "heavenly mysteries" in the Book of Genesis. Jesus did not lay down a "Rule of Discipleship" and the rules of conduct and speech were not clear. It was inevitable, therefore, that Judaizers in the guise of Christianity would flood the country, holding "Christianity" and using Jewish doctrine to promote it as Christianity. (3) The Roman emperor "outlawed" immature Christianity in order not to distort it by adding to it. Despite this, the rapid growth of Christianity (actually Judaism) through the myth and mystery of Jesus was not prevented. (4) Thus, today's "Christianity" was not founded by Jesus himself, but by some who promote Judaism under the guise of worshipping Jesus, because "Christianity" has no one who, like Jesus, makes the "Old Testament "Instead, they used the "chanting of hymns and prayers" (Jewish doctrine) to discredit the "teaching of Christ". The "New Testament" section of the Bible is all hearsay about Jesus, just like the "As I have heard" section of Buddhism, but it does not state that it is "As I have heard", so there is There is a lot of "water and lies" in it.

3. What happened to the twelve disciples
(1) "Peter and James the Great were martyred;" and "Andrew" preached as far as the Black Sea region, where he was finally crucified by the Roman government. Q: Is this true? A: The Emperor "Nero" (reigned 54-68) crucified "St. Peter"; he beheaded "St. Paul". "St. Peter was born in 3 B.C. and died at the age of 60 in heaven. "James the Great was born in 1 year, died at the age of 56, and is in heaven. "Andrew" was born in 8 years and died at the age of 50 in heaven. "St. Paul was born in 10 years before the Lord and died at the age of 67 in heaven.
(2) "Matthew" travelled through the ancient Ethiopian region of Africa and the Middle East, and was finally martyred in Persia. Q: Is this true? Answer: "Matthew" was born in 10 years before the Lord and died at the age of 70 in heaven.
(3) "Thomas and Barodomai" (also known as Nathanael) preached in the East, and Thomas died in India. Q: Is this true? Answer: Thomas was born in 7 years before the Lord and died in heaven at the age of 58.
(4) "Barodomai" was killed by pagan sticks in the Armenian region. Q: Is this true? Answer: "Barodomai" was born in 18 B.C. and was killed at the age of 65.
(5) James the Lesser and Simon the Fenian travelled separately to Egypt, where they were both executed by sawing and had their heads disembowelled. Q: Is that right? Answer: "James the Less" was born in 1 BC and died at the age of 58. Simon was born in 5 years and was 51 years old when he died. Both are in heaven.
(6) "Matthew" worked in the area of Turkey and was also crucified. Q: Is this true? Answer: "Matthew" was born in 18 years and died at the age of 33 in heaven.
(7) "Philip" worked in all Asia Minor and also died on the cross. Q: Is this true? Answer: "Philip" was born in 8 years and died in heaven at the age of 45.
(8) "Matthias" remained in the Jerusalem area preaching, and was later stoned and then beheaded. Q: Is that right? Answer: "Matthias" was born in the 5th year before the Lord and died at the age of 53 in heaven.
(9) By the time of the Roman emperor Domitian, who had declared himself a "god", only John, who was over ninety years old, was left among the Twelve. The Apostle John was the only one left in a difficult world. Q: Is that so? Answer: "John" was born in the third year before the Lord. At the age of 43, John went to the island of Patmos with two attendants, and was released in the summer of 48, left the island of Patmos, and went to Ephesus in Turkey, where he preached until he was 98 years old, when he died.

Posted by Li Huaiju on Mon Apr 4, 2017 11:11:11 Aug 14 Edit Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







