Highlights of the Bible The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation I
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The word "Christ" means "Son of God", which means that he has the same divine power as God, and that God's "omniscient and omnipotent" genes and cultivation have been brought to life by him through The genes and cultivation of God's "omniscience and omnipotence" are manifested in his words and actions as teachings, as if he were the son of God on earth. It is what the Chinese call "the heavenly immortal, the man who has attained the Way, the Buddha, the Jogi". (2) Let Christians be the indoctrination of Christ, or "Christianity" for short. No Christian is "Christian" unless he or she is the indoctrination of Christ.
(2) He who has "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the shining sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron" becomes "one with God". Christ. Failure to be such a Christ means that one is not practising "Christianity".
(3) The whole essence of Christianity is found in the Book of Revelation, so there are many essentials. To make it easier to remember these essentials, I have extracted them from the original explanations of each chapter, as a condensed window into a rough understanding of the book of Revelation.
(4) Both the Old Testament and the New Testament serve as a prelude to the Book of Revelation. The Old and New Testaments are like a germinating tree with many branches, and the Book of Revelation is the only fruit of the Bible. If you do not understand the book of Revelation accurately, you cannot know what Jesus is "making Christians Christ's indoctrination", nor do you understand why there is an "Old Testament and a New Testament", and you become a victim of the "Bible (5) If you can distinguish between the "Old and New Testaments" and the "New Testament", you will become a slave trapped by the "great delusion" of the Bible.
(5) If you can tell which words of the Old and New Testaments are spoken by the devil, you will become a Christ with "eyes like a flame", which is the "seal of Christ" in Christianity. Try to discern which words of the Old and New Testaments are spoken by the devil, and when you find the words of the devil, you are branded with the "seal of Christ" and you become the Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire". You become a disciple of the Lamb, and during your lifetime you will keep the five commandments (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness), not fall away, and follow your destiny to the fullest, and you will live forever in heaven.

1. Revelation 1:5 "He loved us and freed us from our sins by his own blood": (1) "He loved us" is not in words or slogans, but in the rebuke of the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes, blind leaders". blind leaders". In his death, Jesus told the world that the Jewish community, which practised the Old Testament, was a demonic group that was harmful to people, and that the world should stay away from the Jewish community, which practised the Old Testament, or else they would suffer the cruelty of Judaism. Jesus, who loves us in this way. (2) If you read the Bible and do not know that the Jewish community that practices the Old Testament is a demonic group that harms people, that you do not know what Judaism is in the guise of Christianity (singing hymns and prayers, doing charity work), and that you do not turn away from the Jewish community that practices the Old Testament "Jewish religious orders", you have not received the love of Jesus, and Jesus has not loved you, because you are Jewish and it is the devil who loves you. (3) Instead of hating the Judaism that killed Jesus, you have been "drugged" by the Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, you have sung Hymn 211 - The Fountain of Blood, you have become slaves to the "I really believe, I definitely believe, Jesus suffered for me" without thinking. You have not received the love of Jesus and Jesus has not loved you because you are Jews in the guise of Christianity and it is the devil who loves you.
(4) It is not the killing of Jesus that "frees us from sin", it is not the killing of anyone that "frees us from sin", it is the killing of anyone that "produces sin", it is the deliberate killing of animals that "produces sin". Killing anyone "produces sin", and killing an animal intentionally "produces sin", not to mention killing. The practice of the "Jewish priests" in the "Old Testament" of killing animals to sacrifice to God "to please God and to counteract their own sins" is the devil's way of feeding the world "It was a farce to teach people to "bribe, cover up their sins, and be selfish" and to put on a "cover-up". This is why Jesus rebuked the Jewish Church. (5) It is not true that Jesus "freed us from our sins with his own blood", but that through "the death of Jesus by the Jewish Church" we need to see that the "Old Testament" was being practised by If we do not see that the Judaizers who practise the Old Testament are "Satanic demons", then we need to stay away from them in order to avoid harm. If we fail to recognise that the Jews who practise the Old Testament are "Satanic demons" and take "Jewish doctrine" (the Old Testament) to be "Christ's indoctrination", Jesus has not freed us from "Satan's" cruelty and our ignorance has contributed to "In this way the blood of Jesus is shed in vain. (6) It is not true that Jesus "freed us from our sins with his own blood", but that through "the death of Jesus by the Jewish Church", we should not expect "Jehovah, the righteous God" to save and absolve us from our sins. All "salvation and forgiveness of sins and blessings" are lies of "Satan", because "Jehovah, the righteous God" does not come to save "His If we expect the "righteous God Jehovah" to save and absolve us from our sins and believe in "salvation and forgiveness of sins and blessings", we will not be saved from the cruelty of "Satan". "Our ignorance also accomplishes the sin of "Satan", and in this way the blood of Jesus is shed in vain.

2. Revelation "2:6 Another desirable thing for you is that you hate the works of the party of Nicolas, which I also hate": (1) If you cannot "hate evil", you cannot reveal the "LORD, the Christ (1) If we cannot "hate evil", we cannot reveal the true nature of "Jehovah, the Christ", and we cannot "heal the sick and punish evil and promote good". I have "what I hate", this is the true face of Jesus, this is the real Jesus, this is the core doctrine of Christianity. (2) The words of Jesus rebuking the Pharisees (the Jews who practised the doctrines of the Old Testament after Genesis): "Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! Woe to you who lead blindly!" There are eleven such expressions of Jesus' "hatred" in Matthew 23:13 onwards.
(3) Knowing that the Judaizers who practised the "Old Testament" had killed Jesus, and finding out which words of the "New Testament" were "Jewish", he used the words to break the "Old Testament and New Testament". This is what it means to be a "Christian, the new Christ", to show that you share the "hatred" of Jesus by breaking the Jewish words and actions of the "Old and New Testaments". Otherwise, you are a Judaizer who has come from within to corrupt Christianity under the guise of Christianity. That is to say, if you do not become "Jesus with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" after studying the Bible, you become a Judaizer.
(4) The word "Nicola" means "to climb above the layman", and here it means "the behavior of the middle class". There was a group of people in the Church who thought they were above the "lay people" and did all the "spiritual" work there, thus giving rise to the "intercessory class", which later evolved into "The Roman Catholic priestly system, the Anglican sacerdotal system, the Orthodox priestly system, etc. (5) The word "Nicola" is derived from two Greek words: "nico" meaning "conquest" and "ras" meaning "layman". " meaning "laymen". In short, someone was doing something in the early church that was controlling the "lay people". If the "lay people" were being controlled, it must have been by someone in power. People were subjugated in a way that was not at all in accordance with the Word of God. As Paul points out in 1 Cor 14:26: Everyone can participate in the ministry, but they want to make certain "saints" the head of the congregation as a "priest or clerical class". The fact that they want to dominate Christianity in imitation of paganism shows that pagan ideas have infiltrated Christianity and that the "devil Satan" has entered Christianity. (6) A change in one person is a small thing and can be dealt with easily, just as "Brother Hai" said: the whole congregation prays for him and he can be changed. But today we must see that the worst thing is not what happens to one person, but the behaviour of an individual "Nicolaitan", which is not enough to be a "Nicolaitan party". party", it is certainly not a single person! It is already an organisation or a small group or clique. The reason why the "climate" has developed is that the actions of the Nicolaitans have become the "lessons" of the Nicolaitans. "This "teaching", which was not the will of God, was "legitimized" and accepted by the "church"! This means that the "Church" has become a demonic group manipulated by the "Devil Satan" to corrupt Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity. (7) The "popes, priests and pastors" (that is, the Jewish "priestly" missionaries) are above the "laymen" who separate themselves from the rest of the congregation and call those who make up the congregation "laymen". They separate themselves from the rest of the congregation and call the people who make up the congregation "laymen". God does not give churches to politically inclined people who are appointed by authority. God does not divide 'congregations' into classes and subject them to a so-called 'holy clergy system'. Furthermore, the Word of God does not speak of "pastors and priests" or other names like "priests", let alone "pastors and priests" as "mediators" between God and men. "The Nicolaitans The Nicolaitans undermined God's teaching by separating "priests or clergy" from "laymen" and turning these "leaders" into "governors". The "Nicolaitans" undermined God's teaching by separating the "pastor or clergy" from the "lay people", turning these "leaders" into "governors" rather than "servants of the people". (8) The "ecclesiastical system" illustrates that the "church" becomes a demonic group manipulated by the "demon Satan" to corrupt Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity. This means that the "church" (the Nicolaitans) in the guise of Christianity is the target of the "end time judgment"!

3. Revelation "2:9 Knowing also that the slanderous words which they say are spoken by the Jews are not in fact Jews, but men of Satan": (1) "Your trouble" is because you are escorting the "monk (1) "Your suffering" is because you are escorting the "Longevity Monk" (a Christian who believes in Jesus) to the Western Paradise, and you are accompanying him in his trials and tribulations; it also means that you are undergoing trials and tribulations and will not fall away in order to live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven. (2) "Your poverty" is due to lack of money, but lack of possessions is not poverty, and lack of education is poverty. This great wisdom cannot be bought with any amount of money, it is priceless, therefore, "you are rich". (3) Genesis 32:28 And the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men". To be "victorious against God and against men" means not to be intimidated by the lies and lusts of the Jewish "priests", to respect and not fear "Yahweh", to be in such a position that one becomes This is the true "Israel, the Jew", who has become "the only one in heaven and earth". Only when one becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" is one truly an "Israelite and a Jew". (4) Do not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", but fear God, for such a tone is "the slanderous words of a man of Satan who claims to be a Jew".

4. Revelation "2:11 Let everyone who has ears hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches! He who overcomes will not be harmed by the second death": (1) The second time it is said, "He who has ears, let him hear", lest you should cling to the surface of the words and not grasp the holy meaning within them. This is because the words of the Holy Spirit are mostly metaphorical, and there are also "refrains, allusions, metaphors, ellipses" and so on, in order to lead you to think, and to test your wisdom. (2) This is the second mention of the "victorious", lest you, the faithful, should lose sight of the heart of Christian "monasticism"! If you have not become Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans" (the eye of fire and the sword of righteousness, the sword of wisdom), if you have not received Jesus' you cannot be "victorious" at all if you do not have the "weapons" of Jesus, but "defeated" with your "bare hands"; you can only be "defeated "You can only be a prisoner of the "devil Satan". (3) This is Jesus' warning to "Christians" again! "Monasticism" is like "warfare"; if one does not become a "victorious" Christ, one becomes a "defeated" If you do not become the "victorious" Christ, you become the "defeated" Satan, and "will suffer the second death". This is the same as the Chinese saying, "If you do not have access to the righteousness of the law, you will have access to the evil one". In other words, if you have become a monk and have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", you will not become the "victorious" Christ, but the "defeated" Satan. Satan". (4) If you are threatened by the "devil Satan" and pressed to death, and you do not become a "faithful to the death" Christ like Jesus, but compromise and surrender, you have not achieved the ultimate "victory You have not achieved the ultimate "victory". Not only will your body and mind be subjected to chronic cruelty by the devil, but your soul will also be punished by death in hell and will suffer the second death; you will not only lose "that crown of life", but you will also be left in disgrace for all eternity.

5. Revelation "3:16 You are like warm water, neither cold nor hot; therefore I will spit you out of my mouth": (1) "You are like warm water, neither cold nor hot", which means you are numb, which means you are not "This is the image of the slave of the law that the devil desires and is the opposite of what makes a person a "two-edged sword, with feet like bright bronze and a rod of iron". You are not only unable to promote the "edification of Christ", but you can only obliterate Christianity, so you are like "a mouthful of spittle in my mouth", and I will spit you out of my mouth. (2) It is not only "Christianity", but also the disciples of other religions (Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Middle Ages). "If you don't have the realm of the heavenly gods, who "scold, beat and kill", your "Buddha nature" has disappeared and you have become a front for the sect, a traitor to the religion. You have become a traitor and a traitor within the religion, because "if you do not have the righteousness, you will have the evil one". If you do not have the spirit of the gods, you will become a slave of the law who dies on the ship of the law.

6. Revelation 4:7 The first living creature was like a lion, the second like a calf, the third with a face like a man, and the fourth like a flying eagle": (1) "The first living creature was like a lion", which means that "Christians (1) "The first living creature is like a lion" means that "Christians" must have the courage of a lion and be kings with "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in their mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron". If "Christians" do not have the kingly demeanour of a lion "eating flesh", but instead become "priest's lambs", not only do they not become "Christ" who subdues demons, but they become minions who are worse than animals and are abused by the devil. (2) "The second is like a calf", which means that the "Christian" must be a faithful, hard-working, humiliating old ox, and have the spirit of a "calf" that is "not afraid of the tiger" and not afraid of power. The "calf" spirit. The cow eats grass and gives silently of its strength, milk, hides, beef, etc., all of which are "needed by man". All Christian priests, fathers, pastors, missionaries, etc., are not as good as the "calf", but are all bull devils who play with the slaves of the law. (3) "The third face is like a man", but it is not a man. In addition to the "face like a man", the "mouth, nose, ears and body" are not human, but are dragons, representing the water, which can be invisible and visible, large and small, bending and yielding. It is a "dragon among men", which can be hidden and visible, large and small, bending and stretching, up and down, and changeable. "If Christians do not have the wisdom and ability to adapt to changes, and if they only take the meaning from the text, they will be stubborn and rigid "dead snakes and zombies". Those who cannot make a difference in the world are the opposite of dragons, "dead snakes and zombies". "The "Christian" cannot discover that the priests of the Old Testament are all Satan incarnate, that the Church is a demonic group that has obliterated the "edification of Christ", and that he himself "dead serpents, zombies". (4) "The fourth one is like a flying eagle", which means that "Christians" have a high vision and do not have only Christianity in their eyes, but have to fly out of Christianity to "study in foreign countries" and to take in the "Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism" outside Christianity. "It is only by doing so that you can understand the essence and dross of the four religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Hui, that you can know what true Christianity is. If you do not go beyond Christianity, if you are blinded by Christianity and blindly reject other religions, and if you do not have a sense of the "five religions as one", you will not only fail to become a "flying eagle in the sky", but you will definitely become a "blind You must have been reduced to the status of a "blind servant of the leaders". Christians are only spreading Christianity in China, but not only do they not study Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, they also reject and slander the three religions, which is a sign that they have become the lackeys of "blind leaders".

7. Revelation 5:6 And I saw the throne and the four living creatures and the elders, and there stood a lamb like one that had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, the seven Spirits of God, sent out into all the world": (1) "The first living creature was like a lion", indicating that (1) "The first living creature is like a lion", which means that the "Christian" must have the courage of a lion and be a king with "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron". If "Christians" do not have the kingly demeanour of a lion "eating flesh", but instead become "priest's lambs", not only will they not become "Christ" who subdues demons, but they will become minions who are worse than animals and who are abused by the devil. (2) "The first living creature was like a lion", but it was not a lion, for "like a lion" is a metaphor for the king of all beasts. The first living creature is the direction of the king's residence, which is Xuanwu (Old Yin) in the north. Because a house that sits north to south is warm in winter and cool in summer, and because kings always "face south and back north" to preside over the state, Xuanwu (Old Yin, winter) is the direction of the king's residence. Xuanwu is a tortoise and a snake; it is located in the north, hence the name Xuan, and has scaled armour, hence the name Wu. Because of the combination of rigidity and flexibility, it is a kingly position with the same virtue.
(3) "The second is like a calf", which means that Christians should be old bulls who are committed to faith and righteousness, who work hard and bear humiliation, and who are "not afraid of tigers" and who are not afraid of power. The "calf" spirit. The cow eats grass and gives silently of its strength, milk, hides, beef, etc., all of which are "needed by man". All Christian priests, fathers, pastors, missionaries, etc., are not as good as the "calf", but are all bull demons who play with the slaves of the law. (4) "The second is like a calf", but it is not a calf; "like a calf" is a metaphor for the White Tiger of the West (Shao Yin, autumn). In the poem "The White Tiger is like a calf", it is the Western White Tiger (Shao Yin, autumn).
(5) "The third face is like a human being", but it is not a human being. It is a "dragon among men", which can be hidden and visible, large and small, bending and stretching, up and down, and changeable. "If Christians do not have the wisdom and ability to adapt to changes, and if they only take the meaning from the text, they will be stubborn and rigid "dead snakes and zombies". Those who cannot make a difference in the world are the opposite of dragons, "dead snakes and zombies". "The "Christian" cannot discover that the priests of the Old Testament are all Satan incarnate, that the Church is a demonic group that has obliterated the "edification of Christ", and that he himself "dead serpents, zombies". (6) The "third face is like a man", but it is not a man. Apart from the "face like a man", the "mouth, nose, ears and body" are not human, but are the green dragon of the East (Shao Yang, spring). It is the Green Dragon of the East (Shaoyang, Spring). (7) "The fourth resembles a human being.
(7) "The fourth one is like a flying eagle", which means that Christians have a far-reaching vision and do not have only Christianity in their eyes, but have to fly out of Christianity to "study abroad", to take in the "Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism" outside Christianity. "It is only by doing so that you can understand the essence and dross of the four religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Hui, that you can know what true Christianity is. If you do not go beyond Christianity, if you are blinded by Christianity and blindly reject other religions, and if you do not have a sense of the "five religions as one", you will not only fail to become a "flying eagle in the sky", but you will definitely become a "blind You must have been reduced to the status of a "blind servant of the leaders". Christians who spread Christianity in China without studying Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, and who reject and slander the three religions, have been reduced to the status of "blind leaders". (8) "The fourth is like a flying eagle", but it is not a flying eagle, for "like a flying eagle" is a metaphor for the southern vermilion bird (Lao Yang, summer).

8. Revelation 6:2 Then I looked, and saw a white horse; and he who rode on it had a bow, and a crown was given to him. And he came out, and prevailed and will prevail": (1) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, before the world knew it was time for the White Sunset to come as scheduled, there was a man on a white horse who started the White Sunset, and this man was the one who started the White Sunset with the "White Sunset Buddhism "The year 2014 is the Year of the White Horse, and the year of the White Horse is the Year of the White Horse. "In the second half of the Year of the White Horse, he was instructed by God to interpret the Long Hua Sutra, and he used the essence of Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism, Buddhism and Taoism to create the "Baiyang Buddhism of Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism and Taoism". This is why he has become the "Long Bow Patriarch". This is "a white horse; he who rides on it holds a bow". (2) The "Chief Archer" was "given a crown by God" because he had found the reason for the unity of the three religions. (3) Wherever there is a "monk" (religious person) who wants to return to heaven, he comes out to be the protector of the "monk". If the "Tang monk" (religious person) who wanted to return to heaven did not have him as the first protector, he would have been misled into slavery by "devils in various trappings" in the first instance. (4) He "won and will win" because he has "eyes of fire and a golden rod" and because he is the reincarnation of the Buddha who is known to all Chinese people. He went into the Bible and found a vast amount of the devil's "ecstasy", met God and Jesus, and then interpreted the Book of Revelation, and immediately became the new Christ, "with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and it became inevitable that he "overcame and will overcome". It became inevitable that he would "overcome and will overcome".

9. Revelation 7:2 And I saw another angel coming from the land of the rising sun, bearing the seal of the living God. And he cried out to the four angels who had authority to harm the earth and the sea, saying: (1) "Another angel came from the land of the rising sun". This angel is the Lamb. (2) "holding the seal of the living God" means that he is the true Son of God, the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang), who has been appointed by God to preach the Law. Only he is qualified to preach to his disciples, and only his disciples have the "immortality" recognised by God, and only with the "immortality" recognised by God are they "legitimate" and have the opportunity to become Christ. The opportunity to become Christ. Any disciple who is not a disciple of the Lamb does not have an "immortal title", but is a devil in hell. (3) "Taking the seal of the living God" is called "passing on the lineage of the law and the ancestral lineage" in China. He who "bears the seal of the living God" is called a "Taoist ancestor". Only those who have become Christ, and are of the highest rank, can receive the "Seal of the Living God" and are qualified to pass it on to their disciples. (4) To "take the seal of the living God" is to have the state of Jesus. Without the state of Jesus, there is no "bearing the seal of the living God". "If you take the seal of the living God, you will have the state of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother". Without the state of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and motherhood in one", there is no "taking the seal of the living God". (5) Those who have not become Christ themselves, nor have they received the "seal of the living God", but who pass on disciples because they are the inheritors of a certain sect, are all messengers of the devil. In the post-2012 era, all kinds of sects, with the exception of the Lamb's Midheaven Church, are devilish groups because they do not have the "seal of the living God". (6) "Then he cried out to the four angels who had authority to harm the earth and the sea, saying", indicating that "the four angels who had authority to harm the earth and the sea" were to obey his (the Lamb's) command not to harm the disciples who had received his Baisang teaching.

10. Revelation 8:3 Another angel took a golden censer and came and stood by the altar. And there was given to him much incense to be offered on the golden altar before the throne with the prayers of all the saints": (1) The "golden censer" represents two kinds of people, the upright, good, righteous, loyal and patriotic people who are not religious, and the "Lamb (2) "There are many incense burners. (2) "There was much incense given" to the Lamb. The "many incense" is the fragrance of merit and moral fragrance produced by the Baiyang edification of promoting "the unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions and the return of the mother to her roots". (3) The "praying saints" are the disciples of the five sects of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism, not the disciples of the "Lamb", for none of the disciples of the "Lamb" is a "lamb". None of the "Lamb's" disciples "prayed". "All the disciples of the Lamb know that "prayer" is the "magic" of Satan, the devil, and that it is the magic that makes people go mad and fall into hell.

Revelation 9:4 And he commanded them, saying, "Do not harm the grass of the earth, nor every green thing, nor every tree, but only those who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads": (1) "Do not harm the grass of the earth, nor every green thing, nor every tree" is (1) "Do not harm the grass of the earth, nor every green thing that grows on it, nor any tree" is not a "plague of locusts". (2) "Those who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads" are those who are not wise, who do not know the true meaning of the Book of Revelation, who do not know their teachers, who have not received the teachings of the "Lamb" (the Lord of the White Sun), and who have not been taught by the "Buddhists, the Taoists, the Confucians and the Jews". "The five religions of the Buddha, the Taoist, the Confucian, and the Muslim are all deadly and foolish slaves of the Law. The Book of Revelation makes it very clear that Jesus is not the "Lamb", yet you are still under the delusion that the "Lamb" is Jesus and do not know how to leave Christianity to find the "Lamb". Therefore, you who are drunkenly living and dying in Christianity are "people without the seal of God". (3) "Only those who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads will be harmed" means that those who have not received the Baisaiyang teaching of the "Lamb" (Lord Baisaiyang) are those who have adhered to the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam". They are the "only ones to be hurt". The reason is that in Baiyang, where the "Lamb" (Lord Baiyang) is at the helm, those who do not practise the "Baiyang Dharma of the five religions and acknowledge their mother's roots", and those who remain loyal to the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", are all guilty of "slandering the Buddha and destroying the Dharma". They are all criminals who have committed the most serious crimes of slandering the Buddha and destroying the Dharma, confusing people's hearts and harming their wisdom, and it is only natural that they should be punished in the present life. It is only natural that they should be punished with scorpion-like "locusts".

12. Revelation 10:10 "I took the little scroll from the angel's hand, and ate it up, and it was as sweet as honey in my mouth. "This means that the five "righteous schools" of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam have temporarily given you some "sweetness, satisfaction and consolation" after you have been initiated and indoctrinated. You will have the delusion of longing for good things because of "their verbal promises and lies of liars" and you will temporarily feel good about them. (2) "After eating, your stomach feels bitter", and after the test of time you will find that you have become a sick and broken patient, because the "obsolete indoctrination" has become "magic with practice but without proof "Because the new "White Sun Buddhism" has replaced it, and because the "Lamb" has become the "White Sun Master" of the world.