Highlights of the Bible The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation II
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
13. Revelation 11:1 A reed was given to me as a staff for measuring, and the word was given to me: Arise and measure the temple of God and the altar, and those who worship in the temple": (1) "A reed was given to me" means to know what is "You do not know what kind of person is Christ, and you do not know what a "reed" (false son) is. Only when you know that to be "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the unique "Christ-incarnation", and that anything different from it is the Satanic incarnation, do you know what it is? You know what a "reed" (false son) is. Knowing that to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the unique "indoctrination of Christ", and that anything different from it is the indoctrination of Satan, you have received the "rod of measure" (the staff of measure). The staff of measure" (the measuring stick). (2) Measure the height and width of the "temple of God" in heaven, which means to know "how high the heavens are". The "altar" was an earthen platform or platform above the level of the earth for worshipping the gods and praying for blessings. To measure the height of the altar is to know how thick the earth is. (3) To measure the "temple of the gods and the altar" is to know the "height of the sky", and if one does not know the "height of the sky", then one does not have a "measuring tape If one does not know the "height of the heavens", one does not have a "measuring tape". "A reed was given to me as a staff for measuring" is a "measuring tape". If there is no "measuring stick", one does not know "the height of the sky". (4) The "measuring stick" is to know that "those who learn Christianity are beings, but Christ is not learning Christianity, and if you want to become a Christian, you cannot learn Christianity". If you do not have this idea and concept, you will not know what you are doing, you will not be able to orient yourself, and you will be like a "headless madman", talking nonsense without boundaries. You will refuse to get off the "boat" (Christianity, sects) and you will die on the "boat" because you do not know where the "other shore" is (you will be in monasticism until you die. This is a manifestation of dying on a "boat"). Those who do not know what "the dharma of nothing and the dharma of something, the dharma boat and the other shore, the eyes like a flame, the two-edged sword in the mouth and the iron sceptre" are all dharma slaves who do not have a "measuring tape" and do not know what the sky is like. (5) "Measure all who worship in the temple" means to know the difference between "Christ in heaven and the Christians". If you do not know the difference between Christ in heaven and Christians, you do not have a "measuring tape", you do not know the "height of heaven", and you will talk nonsense and nonsense in a boundless manner. If you do not have a "measure of heaven", you will not know the "height of heaven", and you will practice blindly. (6) "A reed was given to me as a measuring stick", which is a metaphor for a person who learns with humility and remains unchanged until death. The "measuring stick" is a gift from the "Lamb from the land of the rising sun" (the Chinese Patriarch Bai Yang) to Christians in Western countries. "measuring tape". As for Christians who do not recognize the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, not only will they not receive the "measuring tape", but they will also be ghosts in a bottomless pit.

14. Revelation 12:5 "And the woman gave birth to a male child, who was to rule the nations with a rod of iron; and her child was brought to the throne of God ": (1) "The woman gave birth to a male child", not "the woman gave birth to a man, a man". When we think of a "man", we think of a tall, handsome person; a "man" is usually over 160 cm tall. "A 'boy' was a 'short man' who looked like a child and was less than 160 cm tall. The "boy" does not become a tall, handsome "man or man" when he "rules over the nations with a rod of iron", but "her child was taken to the throne of God", which means that it was the "boy" who received the "iron sceptre" and not the tall, handsome "man or man". (2) The "iron sceptre" was given to the "boy", not the tall, handsome "man, man".
(2) The "Iron Staff" is called the "God's Needle of the Sea" in the Journey to the West, and is a Taoist golden elixir for realizing the "meeting of lives and the unity of heaven and man", as well as a Confucian one for It is also known as "The Needle of the Sea", "The Golden Rod of the Heart", "The Golden Rod of the Heart", "The Way of Nothingness", "The Will of the West", "The Seal of the Buddha's Heart", "The Myriad Ways of the Heart", "The Golden Lotus", "The Golden Lotus", "The True Dharma", "The True Dharma", and "The True Dharma". The True Dharma Eye Collection, The Teaching of the Other, The One Smile, and The Treasure Pearl of Muni. The classics represented are the Vajra Sutra, the Tantras Sutra, the Heart Sutra, the Sutra of the Last Relic, the Sutra of Perfect Enlightenment, the Sutra of the Great Brahma King asking the Buddha to resolve his doubts, the 21 Phenomenal Dharma Sutra, and the Dharma Sutra Discourses.
(3) The "iron sceptre" is the only yardstick for becoming Christ from a Christian. The only "iron sceptre" for Christians to become Christ is to have the truth and method of speaking and acting with "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in the mouth, and feet like bright bronze". (4) The Christian who has the words and actions of "eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass" is the Christ who has received the "iron rod". The Christian who has the testimony of words and deeds with "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" has become the Christ; this is the only measure by which the Christian becomes the Christ. (5) If a Christian does not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass", not only has he not received the "iron rod", but he must have become "a child devoured by the devil "Because you have not become Christ, you have become Satan's minion; there is no such thing as being "alone" (as if you were not religious) without being Christ.
(6) Whoever has the "rod of iron" is the one who "rules over the nations with the rod of iron" and is the "Lamb of God", for all the "religions of the nations" of the earth are (7) "Her children" are the "children of God". (7) "Her child was brought up to the throne of God" means that this man is the man, the true man, the great man, the great masculine man, who has received the "rod of iron". If he did not have the iron sceptre, he could not have been "lifted up to the throne of God". (8) "And her child was brought to the throne of God", and for what purpose? (8) "Her children were brought to the throne of God". (9) Who is this "child whom she has raised to the throne of God"? Is there anyone who does not know? Those who do not know and those who do not want to know are the minions of Satan.

(1) You do not understand the meaning of the scriptures yourself. (1) If you do not understand the meaning of a scripture, you must ask someone to clarify it, and ask a few more people to clarify it. (2) Sometimes people who are literate do not know the truth as well as those who are illiterate, because they tend to take the meaning of words rashly, looking only at the literal meaning and ignoring the "rhetorical method" used by the writer, or the circumstances in which the words were said. If you don't see the author's 'rhetorical approach' or the context in which the words were said. If you do not see which "rhetorical method" the author used, or the context in which the words were spoken, and do not appreciate the author's meaning, you will be in the position of "reading the literal meaning and misinterpreting the author's original meaning". (3) Not having the heart of a sage and not understanding the meaning of a sage. This is the common problem of most people who try to interpret the book of Revelation without having their own opinions and keep quoting from the scriptures. (4) It is man who has borders, but no Christ (the man of the Word) has borders, for there is no second place in heaven. Anyone who does not have the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" is a deviant who is not well educated enough. Those who are reduced to a "frog at the bottom of a well", who reject other religions without reason, and who believe that the five religions should be "drawn in a circle and never be seen together", are all "earless". (5) This is the eighth time that the topic is mentioned.
(5) This is the eighth time that the phrase "whoever has ears should listen" is used, illustrating the divine pains and repeated warnings. The first seven times are: 2:7 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches. 2:11 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches. 2:17 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches. 3:13 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches!

16. Revelation 13:17 No one shall buy or sell except he who is sealed and has the name of the beast or the number of the name of the beast": (1) "missionaries" who have graduated from the "seminary" of the church group and have the "priesthood (1) "missionaries" who have graduated from the "seminary" of the Church group and have been given the "priesthood" are "sealed, have the name of the beast or have the number of the beast's name" and belong to the "class of devils "They will naturally defend the interests of the "church" from the point of view of their own fame and fortune, so they will not expose the sins of Christianity and will not "buy and sell". When confronted with the revelation of the sins of Christianity (selling, selling, selling off), they will "protect each other". (2) To "buy and sell" is to "make a deal". By exposing the sins of Christianity, the apostles are "trading", that is, "selling, selling, selling off" Christianity. (3) "Except for those who are sealed and have the name of the beast or the number of the beast" (priests and ministers), Christians in general "resist the devil (priests and ministers) in a situation of necessity and oppression" to violate and abuse them, and thus "make a deal" with Christianity. "(4) The devil has "sold, sold, sold off, sold off at a bargain price, sold off at a loss" Christianity.
(4) Under the guise of Christianity, the devil promoted the teachings of Judaism (Satan's indoctrination), and these "Nicolaitans" established church groups where the devil "bought and sold" (sold Jesus) and gathered great wealth. Christian "charities and institutions" (foundations, hospitals, schools, orphanages, Red Cross, disaster relief donations, etc.) are all funded by "trading" (selling Jesus). (5) Only "except those who are sealed and have the name of the beast or the number of the beast" (priests, ministers), ordinary Christians "may not buy and sell" because "it is not lawful". Only "missionaries" with the "priesthood", those "sealed, having the name of the beast or the number of the beast" (priests, pastors) can "buy and sell" (sell Jesus). These "are sealed with the name of the beast or with the number of the beast" (priests and ministers) in order to "buy and sell" (sell Jesus) and to sell for money, because they are "lawful".

17. Revelation 14:19 Then the angel threw his sickle to the ground and collected the grapes of the earth and threw them into the great vat of God's wrath": (1) "Then the angel threw his sickle to the ground and collected the grapes of the earth", and there was a man who was an angel from heaven He was responsible for spreading the True Exposition of the Bible from the Middle Kingdom to the Christian nations of the West, so that the Christian nations of the West would study the True Exposition of the Bible, recognize and reject "Jewish indoctrination, religious indoctrination and Satanic indoctrination", and accept the true "indoctrination of Christ "(2) The winepress zhà is the vat of wine. (2) The winepress zhà is an instrument for squeezing wine. (2) The "great vat of God's wrath" is the first of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame, love), because wine is a source of true nature and makes people mad. The "great vat", the instrument of wine making, is therefore a source of "God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (3) "And he collected the grapes of the earth and threw them into the great vat of God's wrath", which means that "wine" is for "God's wrath" and that grapes are also for "God's wrath" if they are used for making wine. "God's wrath". If the grapes are used to make wine, they are also a source of "God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (4) Anyone who does not know Jesus' "commandment to abstain from wine", or any Christian who drinks, is not a true Christian, but a devil who comes from within to corrupt Christianity under the guise of Christianity. (5) The Christian people, because the Last Supper has the words "drink the juice of the vine" and there is no explicit rule of "abstinence from wine", have caused the demons of wine to flourish in Christianity. "The angel threw his sickle to the ground", and the Middle Ages revealed the Christian "commandment" to "abstain from wine".

18. Revelation 15:5 After that I saw the temple of the ark of the law in heaven opened": (1) The "ark of the law" is the indoctrination of the Baiyang Heavenly Plate, just like the editorial department of the Ministry of Education in charge of teaching materials. The "temple in heaven where the ark of the Law is kept" is the administrative department in charge of the teaching and education of the Baiyang world, just like the Ministry of Education of the State. (3) Because of the different levels of development and progress of human society, there are three stages of the three LWs, called the "three periods of LWs". For each of these levels, the teachings of the three periods are different, as human civilisation is progressing. Green Sun, Red Sun and White Sun are the "sheep" of three different eras. The "lambs" (the slain lambs, the masters) of the different eras compiled their teachings and spent their lives trying to bring people back to heaven. (4) "The temple in heaven where the ark of the law is kept" was once the "ark of the law" of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. The "temple of the ark of the Christian religion in heaven was opened", and Jesus on earth began to preach Christianity. The same is true of all the other denominations. (5) The book of Revelation was written after Jesus began to preach Christianity, which means that John's "seeing the temple of the ark of the law opened in heaven" was not the beginning of Christianity, but the beginning of the "white sun of the Lamb, the marriage supper of the Lamb".
(6) 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world as predicted by the Maya", the end of the "hundred-year transition period" between the Red and White Suns, the "end" of the reign of Shakyamuni Buddha It is also the "New Year's Day" when Maitreya Buddha officially takes over the reins of the White Sun. The "White Sun" is the "day of the New Year" when Maitreya Buddha officially takes the helm of the White Sun. When the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the White Sun Buddhism that recognizes the mother's roots" created by the Lamb become more and more widely known, it is the time when the Dharma of the Chinese Heavenly Church will be opened, and when The time when "the temple of the ark of the Law in heaven was opened".

19. Revelation 16:12 And the sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and the waters of the river were dried up, to prepare the way for the kings who were coming from the land of the rising sun": (3) The sun rises in the east, and the "land of the rising sun" is the east of the world, the Far East, China. and China. (4) The "kings from the land of the rising sun" are a group of Chinese from the East; they are not at all the Jesus of the West, nor are they Westerners. For the Chinese, unlike the Christians, are not frogs in the well, who are "single-minded, contemptuous of other religions and ignorant of the existence of others", but kings of the law, who have the idea of "three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to root, one to God", and who have mastered many religions and found common ground. (5) "The kings from the land of the rising sun", who are disciples of the Lamb, are kings of the law who have mastered many religions and have found common ground. (6) "To prepare the way for the kings who come from the land of the rising sun", for the "Chinese Lamb" will spread the "Baiyang religion of the three religions in one, the five religions in one, the mother to the root, the one God "If there is no ravine in Iraq, there will be no obstacle for the "Chinese Lamb". (6) If the "great Euphrates River" is really on the verge of drying up, then it is "ready for the way to the West", and the "Chinese Lamb" will not be able to reach the West until the "White Sun" has been converted. The time is approaching when the "Chinese Lamb" will spread the "Baiyang teaching" to the Western Christian nations.

20. Revelation 17:2 The kings of the earth commit adultery with her, and those who dwell on the earth are drunk with the wine of her fornication": (7) "The heart of the Tantras is the earth, the nature is the king, and the king dwells on the heart of the earth. The "king on earth" is the self-nature from heaven (the primordial spirit, the dharma body, which is not different from God). When the knowledge-god of this life joins the master and practices the "non-dual method of seeing the mind and the nature", she realizes that the knowledge-god (life soul) of this life has seen the primordial spirit (self-nature) and knows who she is, and that the primordial spirit and the knowledge-god are "one in heaven", that is "The king of the earth has sexual intercourse with her". Because the "king of the earth" prefers silence, is subtle and passive, and is therefore "feminine", he is actually the "queen of the earth", known in Chinese Taoism as "Nuwa". " The king of the earth commits adultery with her", but actually "he commits adultery with the queen of the earth, Fuxi with Nuwa". (8) When "the kings of the earth committed adultery with her", the God of Knowledge became the core of the God of Knowledge without being revealed, and the God of Knowledge in this life took on the divine powers that the God of Knowledge originally had, and the human body took on the infinite divine power of healing and saving people as Jesus did during his lifetime, and became the "Christ" (the Son of God, the one who is no different from (the Son of God, the one who is not different from God). He will testify by calling the Jewish Church "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (9) If those who live on earth study religion and do not know who the "kings of the earth" are (and do not realize "life and mind"), they are "drunk with the wine of her fornication "and is condemned to the punishment of hell. He will live in vain in this life and go back to reincarnation. This theoretical method is called in China "the non-dual righteousness of clarity of mind and nature". (10) The "Chinese Lamb" has popularized this "non-dual method of seeing the nature of the mind" of becoming the Christ (the Son of God, the heavenly immortal) throughout the world, which in China is called the "three stages of the Long Hua Hui". It is the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" in the Book of Revelation.

21. Revelation 18:2 He cried out and said, "The great city of Babylon has fallen! It has fallen! It has become a dwelling place for demons and a den of every unclean spirit (note: or "prison". (1) "The angels with great authority" did not "shout and speak" with their mouths, but used words to spread the Bible through computers and books. (2) "Babylon" means "the gate of God". There were supposed to be groups of Christs, but there was no "Son of God" like Jesus, so "Babylon" was not really the "right gate of God to be Christ", nor was it the "right gate" for Christ to enter and leave heaven. It is not the "gate of the right God" for Christ to enter and leave heaven, but the "gate of the evil God" for the lustful Satan to dominate and create "minions of Satan". (3) The "great city of Babylon" is a metaphor for the whole of Christianity, the "ecclesiastical community" of Christianity, which is spread throughout the world. (3) The "great city of Babylon", which was impregnable in ancient times, "fell down" without a war, not only because the priests became sacred in the temple by making lustful devils and blaspheming God by their adulterous behaviour, but mainly because the temple (church), which was such a Instead of being a classroom where God's spokesman preached on how to "make Christians into Christ", it became a "Satanic indoctrination" with "hymns and prayers, charity" and so on. "Satan's indoctrination" has become a devil's den of blasphemy. (5) Today, Christianity, the "great city of Babylon" that has ruled the Western world for over a thousand years, has been overthrown by "angels with great authority" because the Chinese Lamb has exposed "Christianity" as actually "satanic". The "Christianity" was abandoned by the West after the Western world was shocked by the Chinese Lamb's revelation that "Christianity" was in fact "Satanism", and a true "Christianization of the Christians into Christ" was revealed. "was abandoned by the West, and the mighty and impregnable "City of Babylon" thus "fell! It has fallen!" . (6) The Western world learned through the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation what it really meant to "make Christians the edification of Christ", and the various Christian denominations of the Western world became "dwelling places for demons and dens of every unclean spirit" (note: or "prisons".) "prisons". And the nest of every unclean and abominable bird".

22. Revelation "19:21 The rest were slain by the sword that came out of the mouth of the rider on the white horse; and all the birds of the air ate their fill of flesh": (1) "The rider on the white horse" is the Western world who practices the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, " The "present Christ" is the Christian who has become the "Christ". (2) The "sword that comes out of the mouth" is the true "indoctrination of Christians into Christ" as revealed in the True Exposition of the Revelation, to refute the "church group's" attempt to make Christians "shepherded" by them. This is a farce of the devil's abuse of his slaves. (3) The "lambs" who have been "shepherded" by the church group, these "minions of Satan", have been "shepherded" by Christians who have become "Christians". (3) The "lambs" who were "shepherded" by the church group, these "minions of Satan", were "slain by the sword that came out of the mouth" of the Christians who had become "Christ", that is: they were persuaded and refuted. (5) The walking dead who are indifferent to the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, who die without listening, who have no value in living in the world, are not qualified to live in this highly civilized society, so that "the birds of the air have eaten their fill of flesh" and they should die in war.

23. Revelation 20:8 "Come out and confound the nations of the earth, the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, that they may be gathered together for war. Their numbers are as great as the sands of the sea": (1) "The nations of the earth" are the four basic physical functions of the human body, namely, "seeing, hearing and perceiving". The "earth" is the ground of the mind, which is the consciousness of the human mind (the spirit of awareness). "Seeing, hearing and perceiving are all dominated by the mind consciousness (the consciousness, the body, the soul and the magus) and are therefore the "four kingdoms of the earth". When "seeing, hearing and perceiving" communicate what they feel to the mind consciousness (Sensei, Magog), they know what is going on in the outside world, so they dominate the "four kingdoms of the earth" and are not "confused about the four kingdoms of the earth (2) If the mind consciousness (the knowledge of God, Magog) is aware of the outside world, then one is in charge of the "nations of the earth" and not "the nations of the earth". (2) If one is not sufficiently advanced in the realm of the mind and consciousness (the God of Knowledge, Magog), and does not know that all things in the world have four processes: "becoming, dwelling, destruction, and emptiness", and therefore are all false appearances, and does not know that only the immortal God (the Dharma body, the one who is not different from God, the king of the earth, and Gog) is the true, formless reality, one will be "confused" by all things in the world. "confusion". All things in the world are perceived through "seeing and hearing and perceiving", and therefore "will confuse the nations of the earth".
(3) "Gog" means ruler or chief, a title of head. It is the title of a head of state, as in the case of Pharaoh in Egypt, Caesar in Rome, and the Tsar in Russia. These are not the names of kings, but the titles of kings. "Gog" is "the king of the earth, the Self, the Buddha, the God, the Dharma, the one who is not different from God, Nuwa". (4) Ezekiel 38: 1 The word of the LORD came to me, saying, 2 "O son of man! You shall prophesy against Gog, the king of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal, in all the land of Magog.3 Say, "Thus says the Lord GOD, O Gog, king of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal! I am against thee.4 And I will take thee by the hook of thy cheek, and turn thee, and bring thee out, and thy army, and thy horses, and thy horsemen, all clothed in full array, with shields great and small, and every man with a sword.5 The Persians, and the Gushites, and the Phocians, each with a shield, and with a helmet on his head.6 The Gomer, and his army, and the tribe of Daugamah, which is in the extreme north, and his army, all these peoples of many nations, are with thee.7 "And all the bands that are gathered to thee shall be prepared, and thou thyself shall be prepared to be their great commander.8 And after many days thou shalt be sent, and in the last year thou shalt come to the land which is recovered from the nations by the sword, to the mountains of Israel, which are desolate for ever; but they that are gathered out of the nations shall dwell thereon in peace.9 And thou, and thy army, and the people of many nations with thee shall come up like a stormy wind, and cover the earth like a dense cloud." Magog (Magog) is the home of Gog, the heart-consciousness of the heart (the god of knowledge, the retribution, the life-soul, the ambrosia).
(5) Gog (the first god) and Magog (the consciousness god), it is not necessary to call them, they are gathered in one place, the heart, one of them is the "king of the earth" and the other is the heart that carries the "king of the earth". "War" is a contradictory state of mind; if one realises that one has made a mistake and blames oneself, it is Gog (the god) who criticises Magog (the god of knowledge). It is Gog (the god) who knows the truth, but it is always Magog (the god of knowledge) who is "confused". The triumph of Gog over Magog is the triumph of reason over ignorance, of sobriety over confusion. This is the "battle of them all". (6) Gog (God) was originally the Christ of heaven, and it was Gog (God) who guided the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life to love mystical culture and learn religion, so that the Magog (God of Knowledge) could reach the realm of Gog (God of Knowledge) and become the Christ. Only when the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life has become the Christ and has reached the kingdom of heaven after death can the Magog (God of Knowledge) follow the Magog (God of Knowledge) back to his old home. (7) If the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life does not become Christ, he cannot reach the kingdom of heaven, and the Gog (God of Knowledge) cannot return to his old home, but is taken to hell by the Magog (God of Knowledge). When the Magog (God of Knowledge) has reached the state of the Magog (God of Origin) through the practice of the Law and by joining the Master, the Magog (God of Origin) will let the Magog (God of Knowledge) see who he is, and this is the "meeting of lives, the seeing of the heart, and the knowing of the destiny of heaven". After the meeting between Gog (the original God) and Magog (the God of Knowledge), the "unification of heaven and man" is completed, that is, "marriage", and the "new Christ", Magog (the God of Knowledge), is born in the Kingdom of Heaven. When the God of God becomes the core of the God of Knowledge, the God of Knowledge has the powers of the God of God, and the Christian in this life has the infinite power to see ghosts and heal people, and becomes the "Christ of the Second Coming".
(8) The "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" communicate what they feel to the heart consciousness (the Sense God), and one knows what is going on in the outside world; therefore, the Magog (Sense God) is active and masculine, for many thoughts are impractical and short-sighted and can lead to trouble, requiring the calm, feminine "Gog". The "Gog" (the god of knowledge) goes to Magog to remove it, and Magog lusts after it out of selfishness, and thus there is "their warfare", and because such "warfare" is innumerable, "their And because such "battles" are innumerable, "their number is as great as the sand of the sea".

24. Revelation 21:27 No one who is unclean and who practices abominations and falsehoods shall enter the city, but only those whose names are written in the Lamb's book of life": (1) Those who do not keep the five commandments (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) are "unclean" and shall not enter "the midst of the Lamb". (1) Those who do not observe the five commandments (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness) are "unclean" and are not allowed to enter the "Middle Church of the Lamb. (2) Those who do not practise the four virtues of "mind, body, speech and conduct" and the "eight virtues" (filial piety, brotherhood, loyalty, propriety, justice and honesty) are "abominations" and are not allowed to enter (2) The "Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb". (3) Those who preach "God blesses, God loves you, Jesus loves you", and who have nothing to do with making "Magog (God of knowledge) see Gog (God of origin) and become Christ", are "liars". They are not allowed to enter into the "Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb". (4) He who determines who is the true Lamb, who becomes a disciple of the Lamb, who practices the doctrine of the Lamb, who remains in the "protective circle" of the doctrine of the Lamb, and who does not fall away during his lifetime, is "one whose name is written in the Lamb's book of life". (5) A devilish lackey who takes Jesus to be a lamb without knowing that he has not "opened the seven seals" cannot have his "name written in the Lamb's book of life". (6) Your Master is not "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and you do not know what a Lamb is, nor can you write your "name in the Lamb's book of life".

25. Revelation 22:21 May the goodness of the Lord Jesus be with all the saints always. Amen": (1) The goodness of the Lord is that Jesus preached Christianity and made those who believe in him Christ and live forever in heaven. (2) The words and actions of Jesus, who rebuked the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", reveal the general demeanour of the genesis (Gog) as "one with God", who became the Christ, and Jesus tells the world that this is This is what Jesus told the world: "This is the true way for Christians to become Christ". This is the first favour that the Lord made Jesus leave to Christians. Christians, have you received the "favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus"? If you have not received the "favour of the Lord and the favour of Jesus", then you are not a true Christian, you are just pretending to be one. (3) When we, like Jesus, expose the devilish words and deeds of the Jewish priests in the Old Testament and trample on the devilish words and deeds of the Judaizers, we become "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in our right hand, two-edged sword in our mouth, face like This is the second favour that the Lord has given Jesus to leave to Christians. Christian, have you received the "favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus"? If you have not received the "favour of the Lord and the favour of Jesus", then you are not a true Christian, but a Jew under the guise of a Christian, a lackey of the devil.
(4) Jesus, the only begotten Son of God, was not even saved by God before he was crucified. We should not expect "God's blessing" because God did not bless his only begotten Son and will not bless us either. Christians, have you received the "favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus"? If you have not received the "favour of the Lord and the favour of Jesus", you are not a true Christian, but a devil who comes from within to corrupt Christianity under the guise of being a Christian. (5) If you have not received any of the three favours that the Lord told Jesus to leave to Christians, you are not a "saint", you are a "devil". Do you understand? Demons in the guise of Christians. (6) The fact that no one in Christianity has become a "saint" like Jesus means that there is no "favour of the Lord Jesus, the favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus", which means that this is not the Christianity of Jesus, which means that it is a group of demons who are using the guise of Christianity to demagogue the people, to fool the the masses, and harming the lives of people. (7) "Amen": to bear true witness to integrity, to be the head over God's creation of all things, to "compete with God and man and all have won", Christians must become Christ like Jesus.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 2017-6-24 Aug 1 edit Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







