Living the Blood and Tears of Christians (Newton was the reincarnation of one of the Five Elders of Taoism, "Mu Gong木公") 2
The Way of Heaven among the Tai Shan Taoists
(6) "and open my heart to invite Jesus Christ into my life": in this way "Jesus" becomes an "idol" "in my life". "So this is the same thing as the "missionaries" vilifying Chinese holiness as "idolatry". We often hear "Jesuits" stigmatise belief in Chinese sacredness as "idol worship", but they do not realise that their belief in Jesus is also "idol worship", which shows the depth of their This shows the depth of their obsession.
If we "open our hearts and invite Jesus Christ into my life", we have to send Jesus out again, otherwise Jesus will become an eternal "sickness" in our hearts, because Jesus wants us to be like him. If we let Jesus rest in our hearts, we will never be able to become like him.
Therefore, we should "invite Jesus Christ into my life with an open heart" and then "send Jesus Christ out of my life with an open heart", so that we can become enlightened and truthful like Jesus. Otherwise, we will become the "minions of Jesus" that Jesus did not want to see, and we will let Jesus die in vain.

(7) "Become my personal Saviour and Lord of my life": Jesus was "crucified" more than two thousand years ago because of the betrayal of his disciple Judas, and Jesus did not even become his own "Saviour and Lord of his life". Jesus did not become his own "Saviour and Lord of life", so Jesus cannot become anyone's "Saviour and Lord of life" either! If you do not even understand this, you are already worse than a beast, and it is certain that you will go to hell when you die and become a beast afterwards.
We have become aware of the truth through the "crucifixion" of Jesus because of the betrayal of his disciples, so we can only avoid the repetition of the "crucifixion" of Jesus if we do not believe in the words of "legitimate priests and missionaries". We can only "become my personal Saviour and Lord of my life" if we do not believe in the words of "legitimate priests and missionaries".
We "become my personal Saviour and Lord of my life" by not becoming a "sinner" by "confessing to be a sinner", otherwise we would be in the same situation as Jesus The tragedy of the "crucifixion"! Our "Saviour and Lord of Life" is our own wise mind! It is our own great wisdom to know right from wrong!

Let us be good and honest people in our lives and not believe in the "disciples of Jesus" who sent Jesus to be "crucified" and have no reason to believe in their "prayers". "Only in this way can we avoid a repetition of the tragedy of Jesus' "crucifixion", and only in this way can Jesus truly become our "Saviour and Lord of our lives".

(8) "Thank you for forgiving my sins": The "prayers" you recite because you are tired of thinking, blindly following and believing, and passing on falsehoods, are in fact the devil's "texts of initiation" to create minions. With the devil's "prayers" you distort and smear the glorious image of Jesus' sacrifice for the truth and conceal the truth that Jesus was "crucified" because of the betrayal of his disciples. You have recited a "prayer" that leaves Jesus dead, so that neither God nor Jesus can "forgive your sins"! You are all guilty of denying the truth and slandering Jesus! You will all lose your precious human bodies and be condemned to beasts at the end of your sentence in hell!

(9) "I am willing to submit to the guidance of the Holy Spirit and to be in charge of the Holy Spirit": "Submit to the guidance of the Holy Spirit", just be a person with a clear conscience in life, and don't join the "Jesus religion Don't join "Jesus' religion", because "among Jesus' disciples" there are apostates who betray Jesus. After there is no Jesus, there will be more people who will betray Jesus' honour in the name of the "disciples of Jesus" (the new "Judas").
To "confess that you are a sinner" after joining the "Jesus religion" is not "obedience to the leading of the Holy Spirit", but "obedience to the leading of evil spirits The Holy Spirit will not lead you to "confess that you are a sinner", but to be a wise and sober person, and will never let you "confess that you are a sinner" and become a "preacher" or a "sinner". "The Holy Spirit leads you to be a wise and sane person. The "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" will betray their master, Jesus, and of course they will betray you, the "disciple of Jesus".

To "accept the rule of the Holy Spirit" is to see through the demonic compulsion of "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" to make people "pray". If you do not see how "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" compel people to "pray", you will not be able to "accept the dominion of the Holy Spirit", and you will You will "accept the dominion of evil spirits" without knowing it.
If you "accept the dominion of the Holy Spirit", you must recognize and expose the "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" as the incarnation of the devil, but you do not have the awareness that the "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" are the incarnation of the devil. This means that you have "submitted to the leading of evil spirits and accepted their control". This means that you have become a traitor and a foreign devil who has betrayed your Master, Jesus.

(10) "Make my life according to your will": If you can identify the "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" who are betraying Jesus and their words, then you are you are in accordance with the will of Jesus. If you cannot tell which are the "incarnations of Judas and the words of Judas" that are betraying Jesus, you are not in the will of Jesus.
You cannot perceive that this "prayer" is the "words of Judas" that betray Jesus, and that the person who tells you to read this "prayer" is the "words of Judas" that betray Jesus. You will not be able to do the will of Jesus if you do not realise that this "prayer" is the "words of Judas" which betray Jesus.

(11) "Pray in the name of Jesus Christ": It is useless for you to pray in God's "holy name", for God will not save his "only begotten Son Jesus", still less you. You will not be able to live up to your delusions of grandeur as a "disciple of Jesus".
Judas, the disciple of Jesus, would have betrayed Jesus in his lifetime! After Jesus' death, of course, there will be many more Judases who will betray Jesus! If you do not have this awareness and consciousness, you must have become a "disciple of Judas" and you must have been working together to betray Jesus.
"Praying in the name of Jesus Christ" is a sign that the "disciples of Judas" are betraying Jesus.

(12) "Amen": The word "amen" does not mean at all that one wants all prayers to be fulfilled according to one's wishes and that God will allow what is asked and bless it. Because God will not bless "his only son", much less you, "Jesus", God will never allow what you ask for. When you say "Amen", you have in fact become "Judas' disciples", you have become the "Judas" of the new age who betrayed Jesus.
God's intention in having "his only Son crucified" was to tell the world not to pray to God, but to "look to yourself, turn away from the villain, and guard against the villain in order to save yourselves", and yet you do not even think about Jesus! "Instead, you ignore the fact that Jesus was betrayed by his disciples, and all of you repeat the same mistakes of Jesus, and all of you become "Judas' disciples", "Judas" who betray Jesus in the new age. "How can this not chill the hearts of God and Jesus?

Note: Please be aware! God didn't save Jesus when he was "crucified", will God save you? Never! Therefore, Jesus' "God bless you, God bless" is the same as Buddhism's "Namo Amitabha Buddha" and Taoism's "Blessed Life", which are demonic and harmful to people's lives. It is the same as the Buddhist "Namo Amitabha Buddha" and the Taoist "Fusheng Wuqiang Tianzong".
The master returned to heaven and the followers deviated from the scriptures. This is a typical case of "the devil coming to confuse the way"!

3. Case: Shanxian, Shandong Province Taishan Fashun 7 January 2015 17:18
(1) My mother and I used to believe in Christianity, and every time my mother and her fellow disciples went to pray for the sick, they would always be possessed by demons and evil spirits during the prayer, and they would be trembling and unable to open their mouths.
[Note: My disciple, Taishan Fashun, is 19 years old and works with his mother in Shenzhen. This is the fourth time he has led his mother to work in Shenzhen, because whenever they return to his hometown of Shanxian, Shandong, his father will drink heavily and beat his mother.
His mother, out of compassion to save others, "went to pray for the sick with fellow practitioners" and became a poor person tormented by evil demons because she could not protect herself. This was not enough to vent the evil demon's anger; the demon attached itself to his father and made him beat his mother until it broke up their family. This is what happens when you believe in "Jesusism, Christianity"! This is the fruit of compassion to save others!
"Every time a mother prays with a fellow practitioner for a sick person" is like going to a "martial arts" competition without having practised martial arts, you will only be a target. If you have the heart to save people, but not the ability to "join a master", you will only be "cannon fodder".
Is this what the "Jesus" in heaven would like to see? The innocent Jesus was complained about by countless people, and the ignorant world did not know that the "incarnation of Judas" was presiding over the "Jesus religion, Christianity"].

(2) I remember once when my mother was washing clothes by the river, she suddenly felt a push from behind and fell headlong into the water. My mother did not know how to swim and the river was sloping, so she screamed in her heart for Jesus to save me. [Note: (1) It was the "foreign devils" who pushed her into the river. (2) It's the same for anyone who doesn't deserve to die.

(3) Another thing is that if my mother doesn't go to prayer meetings for a while, she will dream that "a disaster is coming from heaven", and some fellow believers say that if you don't believe, you will not have peace and the devil will come after you. The devil will come after you. He will not forget you if you are saved in times of trouble and forgotten in times of peace? This is a sign of being in the "boat of thieves"! It is also a sign that the devil is threatening and intimidating good believers who have joined the religion!

(4) However, very few practitioners have dreams about Jesus, but my mother often has dreams about Jesus. (Note: Just like people who burn incense and kowtow to dream of "Gods and Buddhas", they are all "foreign devils" (demons and devils) changing their sacred appearance.

4、Wang Ling Zi (Wang Yi Yi) speaks about Christ
(1) Guang Ling Zi Wang Yi Yi 10 January 2015 18:35
The "cross" is a sign of the righteousness and fairness of the heart. It is only when one is upright that one can make one's own decision, and when one can make one's own decision, one is God. It is only when one is upright that one can stand firm, it is only when one is upright that one can rely on it, it is only when one is upright that one can last long, it is only when one is upright that one can reach heaven. The "cross" is a sign for everyone to be upright and trustworthy, which is the Gospel of God!
The hand tapping on the forehead and chest means "integrity", and the hand tapping on the shoulders means "fairness", which together means "integrity and fairness". This is the sign of the cross, "righteousness and fairness". Before you go to work or before you eat, you should do this action to remind yourself to be "righteous and fair". The hand pointing on the forehead and chest means "top and bottom", and the hand pointing on the two shoulders means "left and right", which together means "top, bottom, left and right" which is close to the pronunciation "God bless". ".
This is how the demonic spirits who denigrate Christ trap Chinese people, turning them into freaks who pray for God's blessing every day as soon as they come into contact with Christianity.

(2) Guang Ling Zi Wang Yi Yi 12 January 2015 23:33
Used to think this way, what the hell is this Christianity. I should go and look at the books on Christianity and instantly I heard it said, "Today you study Buddhism, tomorrow you study Taoism, the day after tomorrow you study Christianity, if you go on like this there will be an endless number of laws to learn, but just use this mind, wisdom can teach you.
In front of me I saw a foreigner with shoulder-length hair, a goatee three inches long, and a slightly demented appearance, called Jesus. I thought to myself, "Why is this foreign god not "godly" at all? I was so suspicious that I naturally ignored him.
Today I got the answer: "I really have no face to meet you Chinese, because the Christianity in China is not taught by me, Jesus. I immediately went over to meet him, but I heard him say, "No, my son is excused.

(3) Guang Ling Zi Wang Yi Yi 1 January 2015 23:28 A soldier may be killed, but not humiliated!
The fact that Jesus was stripped naked and shown to the public for humiliation is proof to the world that Jesus simply did not have the skills to defend himself and had to be humiliated. It was also telling the world that Jesus was just a Don Monk full of scripture and compassion, who would be eaten at any moment. With only the compassion of the monk but not the skills of Wukong to protect him, Jesus will end up as a target for the demon king! This is also a message to the world that if you do not have the ability, you should not speak of compassion and do not make a spectacle of yourself.

Part 3: The national memory of Jesus' religion
1. Christianity entered China after the Opium War in 1840, accompanied by the "foreign devils" with their powerful ships and cannons, and it was the first foreign Christians who stole and plundered our wealth and cultural relics throughout China.
In the early 1890s, foreign church forces colluded with the government to demolish the "Jade Emperor Temple" and convert it into a church in Liyuan Tun, Guanxian County, Shandong Province (west of Liaocheng City), and Zhao Sanduo was invited by the local people to lead a group of soldiers in solidarity. In the spring of 1897, Zhao Sanduo and Yan Shuqin and other 2,000 people demonstrated against the church and the government in Liyuan Tun for three days, which was also a sign that Yihequan started to turn to armed struggle.
In the spring of 1898 (24th year of Guangxu), Zhang Rumei, the governor of Shandong, ordered the garrison to demolish the temple, arresting Zhao Sanduo, Yan Shuqin and others, and killing many of them. Through this bloodshed, Zhao Sanduo saw through the corruption of the Qing government and the hardships of the people. When he could not stand it any longer, he revolted on 3 October 1898 in Jiangjiazhuang, Guanxian County, Shandong Province. The name was changed to Yihequan so as not to implicate Meihuaquan. The uprising was quickly responded to by the nearby areas and expanded to Shandong and Hebei, forming a large-scale anti-imperialist and patriotic movement of the Boxer Rebellion.
After the Boxer Rebellion, the Eight-Power Allied Forces attacked Beijing in 1900. Many Russian Orthodox, Catholic and Christian clergy served in the invading army, some as interpreters and some even wore military uniforms, and some missionaries took part in the looting activities of the "allied forces".

2. China had been a Taoist and Buddhist country for thousands of years, and the beliefs of Taoism and Buddhism were deeply rooted in China. In order to turn China into a Western colony, the Western colonialists spread Western Christianity in the colonies in order to open up the Chinese people's ideological defences and to dominate their thinking.
Christianity became an irreplaceable "weapon" in addition to the powerful guns of the Western colonialists. It became an ideal and effective means for the colonialists to dominate the colonized people by allowing Christianity to take root in China and to dominate and occupy the high ground of Chinese thought. The spread of Christianity in the colonies was a strategy of "civil rule" by the colonists to better dominate the colonized people. In a word, Christianity, together with the powerful ships and cannons, was a means and an indispensable part of the colonists' "civil and military rule" over the colonised people, a cultural invasion in every sense of the word!
For example, the Qing government supported, gave food and money to believers, and made them act as traitors and lackeys.

Nowadays, Christianity is still a means of dividing and polarising Chinese culture and thought by hostile Western forces!
Traitors, "Er Maozi" and "fake foreign devils" are found in all corners of China.

3. When the Portuguese Jesuits entered the mainland via Macau at the end of the 16th century, they focused their missionary efforts on the Chinese scholarly class, introducing Western civilisation to the Chinese intelligentsia, whose eyes they opened with mathematical, astronomical and geographical knowledge, a form that Matteo Ricci adopted in his dealings with scholarly men such as Xu Guangqi. The Portuguese Jesuits also adopted the practice of catering to Han Chinese traditions by agreeing that Chinese Catholics could 'honour Confucius, worship Heaven and sacrifice to their ancestors'.
After the establishment of the Qing dynasty, the Shunzhi emperor appointed Catholic missionaries to be in charge of the "Chintian Supervisors" and allowed the Catholic Church "proper missionary activities". It was not until the fifty-ninth year of the Kangxi dynasty that the Holy See, in defiance of the rights of the Chinese emperor, interfered in the internal affairs of China, as it was presumptuous in its "Chinese rituals" such as "honouring Confucius, worshipping Heaven and ancestors", and therefore the Kangxi emperor made them promise to obey Chinese law and allow Chinese The Emperor therefore made them promise to obey Chinese law and allow Chinese Christians to practise Chinese rites, or else they would not be allowed to preach. Because of the Holy See's stubborn insistence on its position, restrictions were imposed during the Yongzheng, Qianlong, Jiaqing and Daoguang dynasties.
The first Russian Orthodox church was built after the Russian prisoners of war were transported to Beijing following the Treaty of Nibuchu in 1689, and the first mission was sent to Beijing in 1714 under the personal supervision of Tsar Peter I. A second church was built in Beijing in 1729. Its main task was to carry out the instructions of the Tsarist government and to gather information from the Qing government to inform the Tsarist government's policy of invasion of China.
In 1844, the Sino-American Treaty of Wangxia and the Sino-French Treaty of Huangpu included a provision that allowed missionaries to build churches in five ports of commerce, including Guangzhou, Xiamen, Ningbo and Shanghai, to carry out missionary activities. This clearly shows that foreign missionaries came to China as a product of the aggressive policy of colonialism. At that time, the Western colonial powers were not yet free to enter the Chinese mainland to carry out aggressive activities, so the missionaries became a powerful complement to the "gunboat policy".
In March 1848, British missionaries entered Qingpu County and beat up the local residents for no reason, who rose up against them. In 1856, the French missionary Marais entered Guangxi Xilin County illegally and was detained and executed for his crimes.
The Treaty of Beijing of 1860 allowed foreign missionaries to go into the interior of China and from then on the conflict between the foreign churches and the Chinese people became increasingly acute.
In April 1868, the people of Taiwan rose up and killed Chuang Ching-feng, a Christian who was oppressing his compatriots by virtue of the power of the church, and demolished the church. 21 June 1870, when the people of Tianjin were outraged by the abuse of a baby in a Catholic church, the French consul shot Liu Jie, the governor of Tianjin, and the people rose up and resisted. 1876, when missionaries forcibly preached in Jianping County, Anhui Province, two people died in a dispute. In June 1891, in the town of Wuxiao, Guangji County, Hubei Province, a foreign missionary abused and killed a child, and over a thousand people burned down the church and killed a missionary. The parents of the abducted children went to the church to look for them.
The above-mentioned cases were only a very small part of the "teaching cases" of the time, all of which ended in China with the dismissal of local officials and the payment of tens of thousands of taels of silver.

The script used in Vietnam over a hundred years ago was our Chinese script. Later, when Vietnam became a French colony, a French missionary felt that the Chinese script was not well understood and used the twenty-four letters of the English alphabet to create the Vietnamese script that is still used today.
Some of the more familiar names of Christians who came to China throughout history are: according to the King's Tablet, the Persian missionary Olopen, a Nestorian missionary, came to Chang'an, the capital of the Tang Dynasty, in the ninth year of King Taizong's reign (635) and became a pioneer in the introduction of Christianity to China; the missionary Marco Polo, who came to China to promote Catholicism in the Yuan Dynasty and left his birthplace of Venice for China at the age of 17; the Ming missionary Matteo Ricci, an Italian-born Catholic priest; and the Italian missionaries Lang Shining, court painter to the Qianlong emperor, and,. missionaries to China and the first to introduce Chinese culture to the Western world.

4. History has shown that Christianity did not make the West the "God loves you, Jesus loves you, and we who believe in Jesus love you" that Christianity claims it to be. On the contrary, the Christian nations were once all colonialist, causing great harm to many of the world's "needy" nations. Even today, after the independence of the recent colonies, the birthplace of Christianity is still the scene of wars that have shocked the world!
It is because the West is a place that lacks "love" that Jesus came along and taught them to "love and love people", but some of them just don't listen and distort the Bible as a grand excuse to do whatever they want for selfish reasons. The phenomenon is that "bad people who read good books are still bad people".
Historically, certain members of the Buddhist and Taoist communities have also been effective tools to achieve their political goals of enlisting people.

The phenomenon of "demons" kidnapping some people in religion and making religion a tool for some people to rule over people's hearts and harm their wisdom has existed throughout history and will not disappear now or in the future. "This has been the case in the past and will not disappear now or in the future.

Part Four: The History of Christianity
1. The Gospel of Matthew records that Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist. Since John the Baptist was a Jew, the sect founded by Jesus of Nazareth was a breakaway sect of Judaism, and because he opposed the Jewish sacrificial group, he belonged to a branch of Judaism.
He was sentenced to death by the Roman governor for betrayal by the Jewish sacrificial group, and Jesus was crucified. In its first three centuries of existence, Christianity had a rather "difficult" journey. Christianity first developed in the Greek-speaking regions and later in the heart of the Roman Empire. Since the Roman Emperor was the "god" of the Roman Empire at the time, and Christianity was founded by a Jew who had been sentenced to death by the Empire, and was outlawed by the use of the "cross", the Roman Empire's instrument of execution, as a symbol of faith.
The various books of Christian doctrine were gradually produced and formalised between the second half of the first century and the second century, with the successive appearance of the books of the New Testament that are now popular. The presiding officers of the early church were in charge of the financial power and through it the "divine power".
By the middle of the third century Christianity had established churches in almost all parts of the Roman Empire, and although there was no uniformity of doctrine, the basic beliefs were the same. After the third century, the Roman Empire showed signs of decay. Some of the rising nobles in the ruling clique of the Roman Empire saw the breadth and depth of Christianity's presence within the Roman Empire, and Christianity was actively missionary within the ruling clique for its own existence and growth. 313, Constantine, who was fighting for supremacy in the west of Rome, and Lysinius, who was fighting for supremacy in the east, jointly issued the Edict of Milan in order to gain the support of the Christian masses, giving Christianity In 392, the Roman Emperor Theodosius made Christianity the "state religion" of the Roman Empire by decree.
Once Christianity became the state religion of the Roman Empire, it was suppressed with no less brutality than the Roman rulers.

In 395 the Roman Empire split into the Eastern and Western Roman Empires, and the conflict between the predominantly Greek-speaking Eastern Church and the predominantly Latin-speaking Western Church became more intense. The Bishop of Rome fought fiercely with the four dioceses of the Eastern Church over theological and other issues in order to gain the primacy of Christianity, culminating in the first major split of Christianity in 1054, which saw the formation of two major denominations, the Orthodox (commonly known as "Orthodox") and the Roman Catholic (or "Catholic"). ").
After the Reformation in Western Europe in the sixteenth century, the Catholic Church split into Protestant Christian denominations that opposed the rule of the Holy See, thus dividing Christianity into three main denominations: Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant.

2. The Orthodox Church
After the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow gained autonomy in 1589, the Orthodox Church actually formed two systems, the Greek Orthodox Church and the Russian Orthodox Church. The Russian Orthodox Church was introduced to the Yaksa region, which was still part of our country, in 1671. At the beginning of the eighteenth century, Russian Orthodox missions entered Beijing.

3. Catholicism
Catholicism is the self-proclaimed name of the Western (Latin) Church after the Great Christian Schism of 1054. Throughout the Middle Ages the Catholic Church (i.e. the Roman Catholic Church) gradually gained a monopoly on culture and education, so that education itself became permeated with theology, and politics and law were in the hands of the monks. The dogma of the Church was at the same time a political creed, and the words of the Bible had the force of law in all courts.
The Catholic Church, as the spiritual pillar of feudal society in Western Europe, in turn held the legislative and part of the judicial power to amend feudal society in the form of the enactment of canon law. Ecclesiastical law became the universal code of law in the medieval countries of Europe.
Bruno, the famous Italian philosopher and astronomer, was cruelly persecuted by the "Inquisition" and burned alive for his insistence on propagating the heliocentric doctrine of the Polish astronomer Copernicus and opposing the geocentric doctrine, thus fundamentally shaking and overthrowing the entire theological foundation of Christianity!
Catholicism was the greatest bastion and spiritual pillar of feudal rule in Western Europe. "The priests asked the faithful for donations to maintain the Church, promising them atonement for their sins, while the priests themselves denigrated the Church by their scandalous behaviour, bent on food, clothing, wine and beauty, and the more shameless they were, the higher they rose to the top". The Reformation movement, dominated by peasants and urban commoners, launched a fierce attack against Catholicism in the sixteenth century, leading to a split that gave rise to the various sects of Protestant Christianity. The Catholic faith now has the largest number of people in the world.

4. Protestant Christianity
The Christianity that split off after the Reformation is often referred to in our country as "Jesuitism".
By the end of the fifteenth century, the Catholic Church had been discredited and the pioneers of the Reformation were sentenced to death by the Holy See, but their ideas are still remembered. In 1555 the German Emperor Charles V was defeated by an alliance of Protestant and Catholic lords, and the Treaty of Augsburg was concluded, recognising the legitimacy of the Martin Lutheran Church.
Martin Luther's theology emphasised "justification by faith", believing that salvation from God lay not in adherence to the rules of the Church, but in personal faith. He advocated the establishment of a church outside the jurisdiction of the Holy See and the use of national languages instead of Latin in religious services.
Engels pointed out that this was the first showdown in the long struggle of the European bourgeoisie against the feudal system. The reason why it was fought in the religious sphere was that the bourgeoisie needed religion as much (and not only used it). They opposed the dark rule of Catholicism and the feudal dictatorship which was not conducive to the development of bourgeois relations of production, and therefore needed a God in religion who reflected free competition and humanity.
Soon after Martin Luther's Reformation, in 1560 the Frenchman Calvin founded the Calvinist Church (also known as the "Reformed Church") in Geneva, Switzerland. This new Christian religion abolished the episcopacy and replaced it with a republican system of presbyters, declaring that "to be a ruler, to have private property, to make a profit in business, to pay interest on a debt, is the same as to be a missionary, and to be ordained of God". The doctrine of predestination, which encouraged free competition, was also theoretically expounded.

Part V: Conclusion
Christian people through the ages have done many things far beyond what Jesus taught about "body, mind, speech, action and thought", without doing for themselves what Jesus did (giving up everything for the truth).
The history of Christianity is also a history of "demonic disorder"! Jesus in heaven can only sigh!

Of the five great religions of the world, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Christianity and Islam, only Jesus was crucified. Was Jesus, the "Son of God", not well-built? Or did the "vortex of evil" not allow the truth to exist in its zone?
In the "vortex of evil" of the earth, even Jesus, the "Son of God", would not end up well.
What happens to the "germs" that you stick to "Christianity"? Will you be luckier than Jesus? Will you be spared? Not a chance in hell.

Part 6: Excerpts from the Bible "Matthew 26
26:14 Now one of the twelve, who was called Judas Iscariot, went to the chief priests and said.
26:15 I give him to you, how much will you give me? And they gave him thirty pieces of money.
26:16 And from that time he sought an opportunity to deliver Jesus to them.
26:17 On the first day of the Feast of Unleavened Bread, the disciples came and asked Jesus, saying, "You are eating the Passover feast, that we may prepare it for you there.
26:18 Jesus said unto them, Go into the city, and come unto a certain man, and say unto him, The Master saith, My time is at hand. I and my disciples will keep the passover in your house.
26:19 And the disciples went and prepared the Passover feast, as Jesus had commanded them.

26:22 When evening came, Jesus sat down with the twelve disciples.
26:21 While he was eating, he said, "Truly I tell you, one of you is about to betray me.
26:22 And they were greatly troubled, and asked him one by one, saying, Lord, is it I?
26:23 Jesus answered and said unto them, He that dipped his hand in the dish with me is he that will betray me.
26:24 The Son of man shall die, as it is written of him: but woe unto him that selleth the Son of man! It is better that he should not be born in the world.
26:25 Judas, the seller of Jesus, asked him, "Rabbi, is it I? Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest.
26:26 And when they had eaten, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and broke it, and gave it to his disciples, saying, Take and eat. This is my body.
26:27 And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink of this, all of you.
26:28 For this is my blood of the covenant, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.
26:29 But I say unto you, From henceforth I will not drink of this grape juice any more, until the day that I drink it new with you in the kingdom of my Father.

26:45 Then he came to the disciples, and said to them, "Now sleep and rest. The time has come, that the Son of man is sold into the hands of sinners.
26:46 Arise, let us go. Behold, the betrayer of me is near.
26:47 And as he spoke, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and many others, with swords and clubs, from the chief priests and elders of the people, with him.
26:48 And he that betrayed Jesus gave them a sign, saying, Whomever I kiss, he is he. You may take him.
26:49 Judas then came to Jesus, and said, "Please, Rabbi Ann. And he kissed him.
26:50 Jesus said to him, "Friend, do what you came to do. So the men came forward and laid hands on him.
26:51 One of those who were following Jesus stretched out his hand and drew a sword, and struck the servant of the high priest, and cut off one of his ears.
26:52 He said to him, "Put away your sword and put it in its sheath. Whoever moves his sword will die by it.
26:53 Do you think that I cannot ask my Father to send for me now twelve more angels?
26:54 If so, how shall the Scripture be fulfilled, which saith that things must be so?
26:55 Then said Jesus unto the multitude, Come out against me with swords and rods, as against a robber: for I am a man of the temple, and I am a man of the temple. I sit in the temple daily teaching, and you do not take me.
26:56 But all these things were accomplished, that the words of the prophets might be fulfilled. At once all the disciples left him and fled.

26:57 The men who took Jesus brought him to Caiaphas the high priest. The scribes and elders were already assembled there.
26:58 Peter followed Jesus as far as the high priest's court, and entered in, and sat down with the officers, to see what was going on.
26:59 And the chief priests and the whole council sought false witnesses against Jesus, that they might put him to death.
26:60 But though some came and testified falsely, they could not get any evidence. Then two men came and said.
26:61 This man had said, "I can tear down the temple of God, and build it again in three days.
26:62 Then the high priest stood up, and said to Jesus, "Do you answer nothing? What is it that these men testify against you?
26:63 But Jesus said nothing. And the high priest said unto him, I say unto thee by the living God, that thou hast sworn unto us, that thou art not the Christ the Son of God.
26:64 Jesus said to him, "You say so. Nevertheless I say unto you, that afterward ye shall see the Son of man, sitting at the right hand of the mighty one, coming on the clouds of heaven.
26:65 Then the high priest tore his clothes, and said, He has spoken treacherously: why need we any longer use witnesses? Now you have all heard these treacherous words.
26:66 What is your opinion? They answered and said, He is damned.
26:67 And they spat in his face, and struck him with their fists. And some of them smote him with the palms of their hands, saying.
26:68 O Christ, thou art a prophet, tell us who it is that smote thee.

Posted by Lee Wai Chu on 2012-3-26 08:51:38 Edited June 11, 2017






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







