Living the Blood and Tears of Christians (Newton was the reincarnation of one of the Five Elders of Taoism, "Mu Gong木公") 1
The Way of Heaven among the Tai Shan Taoists

[Editor's Note: 1. In 1997, when I returned to my hometown from Linyi, Shandong Province, my sister-in-law persuaded me to "take up the gospel" and become a "Christian", and I said, "Okay, if you can convince me, I will learn your "Christianity". I said, "Okay, if you can convince me, I will learn your "Christianity". My sister-in-law said: "By the year 2000, Jesus will have been born 2000 years ago, and by then the "cross" will appear in the sky to save people," she said. I asked her: Do you know our Confucius? Do you know how many years Confucius will have been born in the year 2000? She did not know, I said: Our Confucius was 551 years before Jesus, and the rest of Jiang Ziya, King Wen of Zhou, etc., etc., as a Chinese, do not know their own culture, blindly worship foreigners, blindly suppress the culture of their own people, this is a traitor.
Because my mother and my sister have "taken the gospel" and become "Jesus disciples", I have a copy of the Bible at home, and I have read it several times, but I have not found where the doctrines practised by the "gospel" believers are found in the Bible. I have read the Bible several times, but I do not see where the doctrine practiced by the "evangelists" is found in the Bible, which means that they are demons who demagogue people under the guise of "the Bible and Jesus"!

How could the "Jesuits" not attract demons by kneeling on the floor in the dead of night with a towel over their heads and "praying"? Soon there was a "change" in Mum! The righteous and good-hearted mum had been completely transformed by the "gospel" and she was telling lies with her eyes wide open in order to preach her doctrine! Instead of bringing harmony to the family, the "Gospel of Jesus" turned the family into two opposing factions, and the "Gospel of Jesus" became the executioner that killed the family! Is this what the "Jesus" in heaven wants?
When my daughter Jia Jia, who is in kindergarten, followed her mother, she prayed instead of giving her a medicine for a cold. If you are "powerful and righteous", you should protect your family members from illnesses, but you allow people to be sick and not take medicine, so you want them to "get sicker and die". Therefore, your "Jesus Church" is a devil that gloats and fears the world! It is not a divine religion of mercy and salvation!

In 1999, when I returned home from Linyi, Shandong Province, I found that my mother's words were even more poisonous, and when I saw a "foreign devil" in her body with my eyes, I ordered God to hold her, cut off her ear, and wrote a letter to "Jesus", warning them: "If you dare to demonize China, you will not be able to save the world. He wrote a letter to "Jesus", warning them that if they dare to demagogue in China, I will kill its nest.
In the summer of 2000, when my father died, after the funeral, my sister told me that the head of their "Gospel Project" had given my mother an order to develop my father's religion. They were not satisfied and said, "If he won't join the church, let's give him to God. A few days later, my father died of a recurrence of a cerebral thrombosis. After that, the leader of the "gospel" never came back to us to preach, but someone else did.
When I went to look into the matter, God said: "God will take care of this, not me. Because I had the heart to kill them at that time.

2. Unlike Taoism and Buddhism, which are not systematic, the Jesus religion has no explicit "precepts", no "commandment" not to speak delusionally, and no concept of "killing, stealing, prostitution, delusion and alcohol". The concept of "killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness" is not well understood, so that the "believers" have room for their nonsense and demagoguery in order to "propagate doctrine".
3. The text is divided into six parts. The text and paragraphs in front of the "notes" are quoted. The text inside the inverted commas is also quoted.

The first part: I have two reasons for writing this article.
The words in brackets below are my words in reply to his message.
Answer: "Muzhichi". I have good news for you: (Only your "correct" understanding of) this life can determine the eternal destination of the next life.
You know what? You only live once (but the human spirit is immortal.) The words of the masters and philosophers of thousands of years ago are still guiding the world.)
No one can be in charge of his own life (because he does not know his own life correctly; if he knows his own life correctly and profoundly, he can be "in charge of his own life", as the Chinese say, "My life is in me, not in heaven". (In layman's terms, it depends on how you use your limited life to create infinite value in life! (In plain English, it depends on how you use your limited life to create infinite value!
When one leaves this world, one has to think about where one is going to go (seize the day and be worthy of tomorrow!). (seize the day and be worthy of tomorrow!).

The Bible says that because (some) of the world (not all) have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God (these are the words of Jesus, a Westerner, in relation to the Western nations around him, not in relation to the Eastern nations. Many in the East are holy in heaven because they have not "fallen short of the glory of God" in their lives.)
The wages of sin is death. Therefore there is a death for everyone, and after death there will be judgment and eternal torment and destruction in hell (because he has not grasped this day.)
But God loves you and sent his only begotten Son (this is a Western concept. The Easterners believe that "there is no one unique". The modern Western "theory of relativity" is based on the Chinese doctrine of yin and yang, which began more than 6,000 years ago. Jesus came to earth (for a short time) to save (man for a short time) you (but Jesus' descendants wrote the Bible for us descendants to read, how should we read? (We should be awake to know before we do.)

Jesus bore the sins of all of us humans in order to (save our ignorant, numbed souls, not) He was crucified [why was that? Because Jesus was a "revolutionary"! because Jesus was betrayed by his disciple "Judas" for "thirty pieces of money"! So let us not believe in "Jesus' disciples" or we will be the next to be "crucified"].
(so not) died for our sins (this is a Western misconception, not an Eastern mindset. If "died for our sins", then we are all sinless? Then "the Bible says that because all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God" is an empty theory that does not hold water! (For the Bible came after Jesus.)
He died, was buried, rose from the dead on the third day (an impossibility denied by modern Western "science"), and revealed himself in power as the Son of God (this is an Eastern metaphor: the spirit does not die when a person dies. If Jesus really had the "mighty name of the Son of God" he would have miraculously escaped from the cross and gone on to teach the world again.

After his resurrection Jesus appeared several times to his disciples (both in person and in the form of demons) to strengthen (and confuse) their faith. He also commanded them to preach the gospel to all nations (Jesus only wished, he did not "command". Jesus knew that there would be many more "Judas" who would "betray Jesus" at various times).
That all who hear the Gospel and believe in Jesus may have their sins forgiven, be set free in this life, and have their souls go to heaven in the next and have eternal life (this is the ideal of any "teacher", but it does not mean that it can be achieved. It is impossible to believe in Jesus and at the same time make up nonsense to "teach and educate" people who have done evil, although they will be free and liberated in this life and their souls will go to heaven in the next life and have eternal life!

The greatest blessing in life (which is to be content with what we do and to do more good deeds) is to trust in the Lord Jesus (who teaches us the idea of doing good deeds and practising them, rather than relying on His reputation and fame). (The divine is only to make you aware of life, so that you will not be confused when you walk through each step of life, and will be awake to know how you should go).
You have not made clear what it is to trust in Jesus! It is in our own awareness of the truth! Jesus is the embodiment of goodness, compassion and truth. Through Jesus we learn to know the truth of this world, good and evil, right and wrong, or else we will go to hell and suffer forever.

God loves you [The phrase "God loves you" is a "worthless" empty phrase! Because God does not love his "only Son Jesus", much less us, we do not need "God" to love us. Therefore, this slogan is a "toy and a yoke" given by the devil to Fanu. If you covet the words "God loves you", you will become a slave of the devil. God loves good people! God exhorts the wicked to reform, otherwise they will not escape the judgment of hell.
Jesus loves you [This is the same "worthless" empty phrase as "God loves you"! It is a "toy and a yoke" given by the devil to Pharaoh. If you covet the words "God loves you", you have become a legal slave of the devil. Jesus warned us with his "crucifixion" that any "disciple" can betray Jesus and will betray you, so let us stay away from "disciples of Jesus"! Jesus will love us if we are merciful in our lives! Jesus loves the faithful and the filial! He loves those who stand for the truth!

We who believe in Jesus love you [You who believe in Jesus are all psychopaths, you are all "poor sinners". It is not good that you "wretched sinners" love us! You will lead us to your prison, so we who are "self-reliant, self-empowered, self-respecting and self-love" do not need to be loved by you "poor sinners who believe in Jesus"! Whomever you love, and whoever accepts your love, that is their misfortune.
Hallelujah! Praise the Lord Jesus [only if you know exactly what he is praising! Praise for the sake of praise is not praise for the sake of praise, it is not very meaningful. Praise Jesus for his enlightenment and his willingness to die for the truth. If you are not able to break through the confusion and enlightenment as Jesus did, and if you are brave enough to break through the "false and ugly", you will not receive the praise of Hallelujah.
If you do not learn "Jesusism" you are a normal person, but if you learn "Jesusism" you become a "poor sinner" who does not realise that this is not Jesus' teaching, but his betrayal. "Such an animalistic bastard cannot be praised by Hallelujah.

Jesus (you said this yourself, not Jesus himself) said: I am the way (the righteous, good, self-sacrificing, selfless), the truth (to know what is black and white, right and wrong, good and evil, this is the truth.) I am the (wise) life (that has value).
No one can go to the Father (heaven) except through me (the good deeds and virtues that each of us has accumulated through our self-sacrificing, selfless devotion).
[Note: We do not want to "go to the Father" because God did not save his only Son, Jesus, nor will he save us. Even if we go to the Father, we will not be loved by the Father, because we are not the only begotten Son of God, and God does not love the only begotten Son, much less us. Therefore, we do not want to go anywhere, we just want to live our lives as normal, ordinary people with "self-improvement, self-respect and self-love".

These are the words of the "missionaries" themselves, which you have imposed on "Jesus" and which have nothing to do with "Jesus" himself. You have done many, many things like this, "kidnapping Jesus and abusing him in the name of Jesus"!
Not only will you "missionaries" not go to heaven, but you will all go to hell and be punished by being whipped and having your tongues cut out, because you say what you want to say and do what you want to do in the name of "Jesus". You are the embodiment of the devil who slandered and abused Jesus!

Cause 2: I picked up a leaflet on the streets of Shanghai on the topic of "Christians who believe in God".
Title 1: Sun Yat-sen's desperate plea to the Lord, content: In 1896 Sun Yat-sen was kidnapped by the Qing government in London, and after being rescued, he wrote in a letter to his friends: "... no one knows, he is in prison, he knows he will die, there is no hope of renewal, he can only repent bitterly and pray earnestly. On the seventh day, his heart was suddenly comforted and he was free from worry.
[Note: The mistake of this "Christian" in this leaflet is: "Delivered the Premier's (Sun Yat-sen's) secret letter to the Qing Ambassador", they did not even know that he said earlier that "Sun Yat-sen was kidnapped by the Qing government in London in 1896" and that Sun Yat-sen was the one who was kidnapped by the Qing government. Sun Yat-sen was kidnapped by the Qing government in London in 1896", and that he was imprisoned in the basement of the Qing Embassy in Britain. If the "secret letter from the Premier (Sun Yat-sen) had really been handed over to the Qing ambassador", Sun would never have been able to leave the prison.

Before he died, Sun Yat-sen said to the people around him, "I am a Christian who has been commanded by God to declare war against the devil of sin! When I die, I want people to know that I am a Christian". Anyone with a modicum of sense would realise that this was made up by "a bunch of psychos"!
Sun Yat-sen was certainly a man who had come by God's will to save the toiling masses, and God would certainly have shown His favour in time to help this man on a mission.
Taoism and Buddhism have explicit rules against speaking "delusionally", but Christianity has no "commandments", so they can speak nonsense with impunity to achieve their goals!

Topic 2: Zhang Xueliang's choice. (1) On one occasion, when Song Meiling accompanied Chiang Kai-shek to the Kaohsiung fortress, she visited Zhang Xueliang. Zhang Xueliang recalled: One day, Madame Chiang visited. She asked me what I was reading, and I told her I was studying Buddhism. You may think I am stupid for believing in Christianity, but many famous and great figures in the world are Christians, are they all stupid?
[Note: Many of the world's great and famous people are not stupid, but the "stupidity" of Chiang Kai-shek and his wife is well known! Is it because the Christian Soong Mei Ling and her wife "did more good than evil"? Is it also Christianity that "does more good than evil"?
Obviously, this is a statement of "rejection of Buddhism", intended to ridicule and satirize traditional Chinese culture, and at the same time to boast of the "non-foolishness" of the Christian faith. "It was also an act of cultural cannibalism and aggression against China!

From 1840-1860, the two Opium Wars, the Anglo-French and the Eight-Power Allied Forces reduced China to a semi-colonial society, with "foreign missionaries" serving as guides to their armies, all of whom were Christians! They were not very stupid people, they were robbers and hooligans! This is the "national memory of blood and tears" of the Chinese people!

(2) When Zhang Xueliang arrived in Taiwan, he was not given much freedom and had very little interaction with the community. He remembered another book in his bookcase, the Bible, which had been given to him as a birthday present by Soong Mei-ling on his birthday, with her signature on the title page.
[Note: The account here is very different from the previous one. How can "Christians" be so inconsistent? Are they out of their minds? Or have they been kicked by a donkey?
This is the Christian preachers who are doing the "celebrity effect" to "persuade" more Chinese to come to Christianity, hoping to get more Chinese to follow them in telling lies, so that the Chinese will not know right from wrong, and will not know the truth from falsehood, to achieve their evil purpose of stirring up Chinese society. The purpose of their evil intentions is to stir up Chinese society.

Topic 3: Newton's planetarium. Newton had a friend, the famous English astronomer Halley, who was credited with projecting the orbit of a comet which was later named Halley's Comet, but he refused to believe that God created all the heavenly bodies in the universe. On one occasion, Newton built a model of the solar system, with a gilded sun in the centre and the four planets arranged neatly in their respective positions, and when the crank was pulled, each star immediately turned in harmony according to its own orbit, which was very graphic and wonderful. One day, when Halley visited, he saw the model, played with it for a long time, marvelled at it, and immediately asked who had made it. Newton replied that no one had designed or made the model, but that it had been formed by chance when various materials happened to come together. Harley said that someone must have made it anyway, and that it was a man of genius. Newton tapped Harley on the shoulder and said, "This model, though ingenious, is nothing compared to the real solar system, and if you believe that someone must have made it, wouldn't a solar system a billion times more ingenious than this model have been created by an all-powerful God, with great intelligence?" It took Harley a moment of clarity to believe in God as well.
Newton was not only a great scientist, but a devout Christian whose intense interest in the study of the Bible was never below that of science. He published only 10% of all his scientific writings, over 80% of his writings were theological, with a total word count of over 1.4 million, so it is clear that he spent far more time studying the Bible than he did science. Not only did Newton reach the pinnacle of scientific achievement, but he also amazed many biblical scholars with his study and knowledge of the Bible.
Newton was the reincarnation of one of the Taoist "Five Old Men", "Mu Gong", whose purpose was to teach the West that "science" was a one-sided field of human knowledge, but only to prove God's work of creation. It is only to prove the greatness of God's work of creation.

Topic 4: Conclusion: Dear friend, if you are willing to believe and accept the salvation of Jesus Christ, please pray this prayer in your heart: Lord, I am a poor sinner who does not know you, and I am wasting my time.
[Note: The Jewish "prayer" quoted by Christianity is similar to the Buddhist Taoist chanting of the Buddha's name and mantra, which is a form of meditation and entering into silence, but is actually a form of delusion and obsession, losing oneself and going off the deep end.
The word "Christ" is a transliteration of the word "Taoism". "Amen" is a foreign word, and in Chinese it means "holy spirit" and "human spirit".
This was not the preaching of "Jesus" himself! It was copied from the Jewish format and grafted on to Christianity to fool the world!

Part II: Understanding the teachings of Jesus' religion "priests and missionaries" are demons who bewitch people under the guise of "Jesus".
1. Explain the above "closing words".
(1) "I am a poor sinner who does not know you": with these words, the "newcomer to the Church" becomes a person who can never hold his head up because he has sinned, and the newcomer is made to look at himself before the "priest and missionary". and missionaries" and at the same time satisfy the vanity of the "priests and missionaries"! So, this is the mentality of the devil! This is not "democracy and freedom"! It is "tyranny and oppression"! This is a manifestation of the inequality of the "Buddha nature and the roots of the Way"! This is the same evil argument as the "practice of repentance" of the Tibetan Lamaism in China.
Bastard! Why are you "praying to Jesus" when you are a "poor sinner who does not know you"? You clearly "know" Jesus, but you are shouting "I am a poor sinner who does not know you".
Before you met "Jesusism", you were sinless without lies. After you have studied the "Jesus religion", you call yourself "a poor sinner who does not know you", making yourself a real sinner by deceiving Jesus. After you have studied the "Jesus religion", you have become a person who clearly "knows" Jesus, yet you are shouting "I am a poor sinner who does not know you". Did Jesus tell you to "deceive yourself" by lying to Jesus and yourself? No! Jesus didn't teach this, the "priests and preachers" did! So you are not learning about "Jesus", you are learning about "priests and missionaries"!
"The "priests and missionaries" are making beastly bastards out of people who lie about Jesus and themselves under the guise of "Jesus". Therefore, "priests and missionaries" are demons who demagogue people under the guise of "Jesus".

Since you are "willing to believe and accept the salvation of Jesus Christ" and begin to "pray", you actually "know" Jesus Christ, and only by knowing and recognising Only when you know and recognise that "Jesus" is God can you begin to pray. The "priests and missionaries", on the other hand, tell people to say "I don't know you" when they pray, which means that they don't understand Jesus well because they are new to Him, but they are indeed teaching people to tell lies and produce "sins ".

(2) "Ask the Lord Jesus to forgive me my sins": this is the same as the Lama's "elimination of sins", which is like taking the "chains" given by the demon king to Fanu and putting them on one's head without thinking about it. on his head. If "priests and preachers" really "save my soul", they should not lead us and keep us dwelling on our previous "sins" instead of starting a new "eternal life".
If you have "sins", it is useless to ask anyone! Every country has a "public prosecutor" and the existence of a "public prosecutor" in every country is the most powerful answer to "ask Jesus to forgive my sins"!
Everyone is a normal person without sins before they learn "Jesus", but after they learn "Jesus" they become sinful and have sins that they must "ask the Lord Jesus for forgiveness of sins". So "Jesus" is not a Saviour who saves people from their sins, but a culprit who makes them "sinful"!
Whoever believes in "Jesusism" has to "ask the Lord Jesus for the forgiveness of sins", and "Jesus" becomes the demon king who gives people their sins, not the saviour who makes them sinless! So "Jesus" is a tool and a puppet kidnapped by the devil and used to bewitch people.

(3) "Open my heart and accept Jesus as my Saviour and Lord of my life": this means that I cannot be the master of my own life, and that my "Saviour" is not my own change of mind and progress, but that the "believer The "believer" has to abandon himself completely and accept the theories of the "priest" with all his heart and soul, and such a person is a "poor sinner"! When one enters the "Jesus religion", one is no longer oneself, so "Jesus" is not a saviour, but a dictator and a despot who binds the "believers"!
We should "open our hearts" and think that God did not favour Jesus because he was the only begotten Son of God, that God did not save Jesus when he was being punished, and that he could not have saved (us). Jesus' followers", so "Jesus' followers" must not rely on God and Jesus for the "forgiveness of sins", otherwise Jesus would have been "crucified" in vain. Otherwise, Jesus would have been "crucified" for nothing.
Therefore, we "open our hearts" to the fact that God does not "forgive the sins of Jesus" and we must not rely on God and Jesus for the "forgiveness of sins". It is never "God and Jesus" who "is my Saviour and Lord of my life", but we ourselves.
When I become a "Jesuit", I must learn from the great spirit of Jesus who gave his life for the truth! I must not listen to the nonsense and demons of the "priests and preachers", otherwise I will be ashamed of Jesus who gave his life to stand for the truth.
To be a "Jesuit", one must speak of the fact that "God" does not save people, and must not preach the demonic heresy that "God saves people".

(4) "Follow you all the days of your life": this means to abandon oneself completely, to lose oneself automatically, to become obsessed with the outside world, to allow demons to take advantage of the "need" to enter and to reduce oneself to a "slave of the law"! We must pursue the truth in our lives, as Jesus did, and dare to give our lives for the truth, which is the expression of "following Jesus all our lives".
We dare to break with old traditions, to deny what is wrong, to give our lives for the truth, and never to long for "God" to "forgive sins and save us". This is the expression of a "lifelong follower of Jesus".
Exposing the fact that "priests and missionaries" do not explain the spirit of Jesus' sacrifice for the truth, but instead make people "ask the Lord Jesus to forgive my sins" and reduce them to sinners who tell lies and deceive themselves, shows that "priests and missionaries This shows that "priests and missionaries" do not convey the will and teachings of Jesus, and that "priests and missionaries" are the embodiment of the devil who, under the guise of "Jesus", demagogue people and harm their lives.
Exposing the words and actions of the "priests and missionaries" who deny "Jesus" and uphold the image of "Jesus" as the embodiment of truth, goodness and beauty is a sign of "following Jesus all my life". This is the expression of a "lifelong follower of Jesus". Those who fail to expose the falsehoods and the evil of the "priests and preachers" are devils and are not "following Jesus".

(5) "Praying in the name of the Lord Jesus": This is the devil's way of making you an actor in a farce. This is because we are the ones who are praying, "Ask Jesus to forgive my sins and save my soul for eternal life", but we are saying "pray in the name of the Lord Jesus", so that you will lose yourself, so that you will not be able to find yourself, so that you will only have one "Lord" in your mind, so that you will follow Jesus. It is to make you lose yourself, to make you lose sight of your own existence, to make you think only of the "Lord", to make you follow the "Lord" and to lead you into slavery!
You cannot learn the lesson of the crucifixion of the "Lord Jesus", but instead you ask the "Lord Jesus", who cannot even save you, so that "Therefore, the "Jesus prayer" is a ridiculous farce of the devil's minions seeking to save a fish from a log.
Jesus is telling the world by his own "crucifixion" that it is useless to ask anyone. "Prayer" is a demon-possessed man going mad.

(6) "Amen" means to hope that all prayers will be fulfilled according to one's wishes and that God will allow what is asked and bless it. In this way God becomes the protector of the world to do what it wants and to attain its selfish desires, rather than a teacher who allows us to see through life and realize the truth. In this way God becomes the puppet who panders to the world, rather than the sage who guides us to see through the world and get rid of it. This is not what Jesus taught back then either! This is a deliberate attempt by the "Christian" people to appeal to the masses in order to get more people to believe in Christianity and thus increase the power of their own church.

2. Prayer: Please cross your arms over your chest and say a sincere prayer for blessing (a very small voice is fine): it is very important that you read the brackets carefully and understand them before praying for blessing. [Dear God: I believe that your only Son, Jesus, was crucified and died for the sins of mankind, and that you raised Jesus three days later to become the Saviour of the world. From now on, I confess that I am a sinner in need of your salvation and open my heart to invite Jesus Christ into my life to be my personal Saviour and Lord of my life. I thank you for forgiving my sins and I am willing to submit to the guidance and control of the Holy Spirit in the future so that my life will be in accordance with your will. Pray in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen!"] Please let us know when you have prayed.

Explain the "Prayer": (1) "Pray for blessing": a demonic heresy! If you look at a map and see the Middle East, which is still at war, you will see the deceptive "trick" of "praying for blessing". "Prayer" is not a doctrine of Jesus, it was imposed on "Jesusism" by the devil, and is the devil's tool to create demonic children. Jesus told people to know "the good, the beautiful and the ugly" and to give their lives to the truth, not to be "blessed" by absurd "prayers".
In the nineteenth century, the "Jesus religion" entered China in full force with the powerful ships and cannons of the Eight-Power Allied Forces, and many Chinese people came to believe in it. It turns out that "Jesusism" did not make the Chinese "blessed in prayer", but rather made China a colony of the Western powers (Jesuits, Christians)! The Western powers (all of whom were Jesuits and Christians) became robbers who went on a rampage around the world to steal wealth and kill people because of their belief in "Jesus"! It means that "Jesusism" did not save the souls of Westerners! It means that he did not practice the "teachings of Jesus", but was all "Judas incarnate"!

The famous Chiang Kai-shek and his wife were "devout Jesuits", but it turns out that "Jesuitism" did not make Chiang Kai-shek and his wife "blessed with prayer", but rather reduced them to the status of "wanderers" in a broken country! They were the wanderers of the world! Even Mr. and Mrs. Chiang Kai-shek, who donated a lot of money and goods to the "Jesus Church", did not "pray for blessing", so do you think that you, a "commoner", can "pray for blessing"? can you pray for blessing? Absolutely not!
So the above "prayer" is in fact a "devil's text" that makes people become minions of the devil.

(2) "Dear God": It is a way of making people aware of "the good, the beautiful and the ugly", and of giving their lives for the truth, but it is not an all-powerful saviour. The "dear God" is not going to save the "only begotten Son of Jesus", much less you, the "disciple of Jesus", so don't have any illusions about the "dear God". So don't have any illusions about the "dear God", all your illusions will be in vain.
Be a good, upright and honest person in your life and "Dear God" will be happy! If you give your life for the truth and at the same time expose the devil for what he really is, "Dear God" will be pleased! He will make you holy in the way that Jesus was holy in his "death of great mourning". To believe in "Jesus" and not to be able to give your life for the truth as "Jesus" did, because you have not believed in "Jesus" at all and have not been "taught by Jesus" at all. You are not believing in Jesus, you are not being "taught by Jesus". It is a disgrace to be a "Jesuit" to "pray" all day long and not know what it means to give your life for the truth.
If, under the guise of "God and God", you tell people lies, deceive yourself and others in the name of the "Lord Jesus", you will be sent to hell by the "dear God" to be judged! You will be judged in hell!

(3) "I believe that your only Son Jesus was crucified for the sins of mankind": you are a beast who has lost his senses and is talking nonsense! For the "sins of mankind" did not cease because Jesus was "crucified". The fact that after Jesus' death mankind went through two world wars and is still at war shows that Jesus did not die because of "man's sin" at all. The fact that you don't even understand this and yet you "believe that Jesus was crucified for the sins of mankind" shows that you are an animalistic bastard!
Jesus died by crucifixion because his "enlightenment and adherence to the truth" was persecuted and suppressed by the forces of evil. Jesus told the world what is true, good and beautiful, and that the only way to become the "Son of God" is to stand for the "true, good and beautiful" and not give in to the "false, ugly and evil".

Jesus' death by crucifixion shows that there were evil forces in ancient times, just as there are powerful imperialist countries that invade weak nations today. Jesus was crucified because Judas, a disciple of Jesus, betrayed Jesus "for thirty pieces of money"!
The "disciples of Jesus" would betray even Jesus himself, and they would betray you, the "disciples of Jesus"! Jesus is only worth "thirty dollars", and all of you "Jesus disciples" are worth "a few cents or a few pennies"! In fact, all your "disciples of Jesus" are not even worth "a few cents or a few pennies", because the "disciples of Jesus" have put together a "prayer" in a few dozen words. The "disciples of Jesus" have sold you "Jesuits" to the devil with a few dozen words of "prayer".

(4) "You raised Jesus three days later to be the Saviour of the world": not the "resurrection" of a zombie after death, but "the spirit is immortal, and the spirit lives forever because it adheres to the truth ". In fact Jesus did not "rise again after three days", but immediately after his death he was "resurrected" in the Kingdom of Heaven and became one of the five God-ordained teachers of the world, "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" (the He became one of the five gods (saviours) of the world.
There are five religions in this world, so Jesus is not the "Saviour of this world", but "one of the five Saviours of this world". Jesus is not the "Saviour of this world", but one of the "five saviours of this world", so please go out of your country and travel around the world and you will find that Jesus is not the "Saviour of this world", but the "Saviour of your little world". You will find that Jesus is not the "saviour of this world" but of your "little world".

Jesus was a "latecomer", he was young, Confucius in China was 551 years before Jesus, and the rest of the Chinese saints who predated Jesus could be counted by the truckload. In other words, your Jesus had not yet been born when the many and varied ancient Chinese became the "saviour of the world".
Under the spell of the "priests and missionaries", you "Jesuits" are jealous of all the Chinese saints and vilify them as "unholy", which shows your This shows your own sordidness and vileness. Chinese holiness does not cease to exist because of your slander, but predates you by thousands of years.
You thought that Jesus was the "Saviour of the world", but when you arrived in China you found that your "nonsense" was untenable, and in your anger you slandered Chinese holiness, so you did not show the "You are not "Jesuits" who truly fulfil the teachings of Jesus, but you are devils who eat up and defame Chinese culture under the guise of "Jesus"! You are devils who eat up and defame Chinese culture under the guise of "Jesus"! You are all "Judas incarnate" who betrayed Jesus!

"The "priests and missionaries" are not sticking to the truth as Jesus did, but are putting on a farce under the guise of "Jesus", so The "priests and preachers" are therefore devils who, under the guise of "Jesus", are actually denigrating him.

(5) "From now on I confess that I am a sinner and need your salvation": you were a normal, ordinary person without the "Jesus religion", but you have become a "sinner" after believing in the "Jesus religion". You are a "sinner" after believing in "Jesusism", which means that "Jesusism" is a "sinner's religion" that makes people "sinners"! So the "Jesuits" are self-humiliated, self-serving, lowly, beastly bastards! So this "prayer" is in fact a "devil's text for making slaves". As soon as you "pray" according to this "prayer", you will become "the devil's slanderer of Jesus' lackeys", and you will be a "foreign devil, false foreign devil You are a "foreign devil, a false devil, a traitor".
Jesus gave his life because he was persecuted by the forces of evil for the sake of "breaking the enlightenment and upholding the truth", never for "the sins of mankind to be crucified and die". We should learn from the spirit of Jesus' sacrifice for the truth when we come to the Church of Jesus, and never become "sinners" without asking questions. As normal, ordinary people, we should learn from the spirit of Jesus, who broke through the confusion and persevered in the truth.
It is only right that we should realise the truth, what the truth is and what we should stand for, through the "death of Jesus by crucifixion". Otherwise, Jesus would not have died in peace. If you come to the "Jesus Church" and do not come to realise the truth, if you do not take a good look at the "prayer", if you do not think about what the "prayer" makes you, then you believe in it! "Your blind obedience and blind faith will make Jesus die in peace! Jesus will not rest in peace in heaven!

Jesus "saved" you by "dying by crucifixion", so that you would be awakened and enlightened. How did Jesus "die by crucifixion" and who made Jesus "die by crucifixion"? It was Judas, a disciple of Jesus, who betrayed him!
Judas, the devil who betrayed Jesus, is today dressed as a "missionary" and has become a "legitimate priest and missionary", and they are the ones who will send Jesus to the "crucifixion" in the new era. They are the same demons who sent Jesus to "crucifixion" in the new era. Therefore, we must not believe in the "disciples of Jesus"! It was the "disciples of Jesus" who betrayed and killed Jesus!
If we read the Bible and live our lives as Jesus did, we will be "Jesus the Second Coming", we will be the direct descendants of Jesus. In this sense, it is not "legitimate priests and missionaries", nor "disciples of Jesus", nor Jesus who "saves" us, but our own great wisdom and realisation of the truth.