New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 22) The unbroken line of the Lamb's law
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 22 The Water of Life and the Tree of Life (22:1-4)
27-22:1, "22:1 And the angel showed me a river of the water of life in the midst of the streets of the city, bright as crystal, flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb": (1) Water represents wisdom, and the "water of life" is the great wisdom that becomes the life of Christ for eternal life in heaven. (1) Water represents wisdom, and the "water of life" is the great wisdom that becomes Christ's life for eternal life in heaven, and is the method of indoctrination that allows Christians to become one and the same as Christ. The "five religions are one and the same, and the Buddha's method of recognising the mother and returning to her roots" is the only one of its kind in the global village of Baiyang, and is the only "river of water of life" in the world. (2) The "river of living water in the streets of the city" is called the "lineage of the Dharma passed down from one ancestor to another", which means that every once in a while, a powerful person (guru or master) will emerge who will learn all of the teachings of the Middle Heavenly Church and become the one with the "iron sceptre". (3) Jesus "made the Christians" to be the "Christian". (3) Jesus' lineage of "making Christians into Christ" was short-lived because there were two "periods of extinction". The first "extinction period" was after Jesus' death, when Jesus was brutally murdered by Judaism, and Jesus' disciples could only preach in secret that Jesus "broke the teachings of the Old Testament", and disciples like John, who had been brought up by Jesus himself, were subjected to "exile on an island" because they were known to Judaism. "The other disciples of Jesus were also "martyred in their own blood". This was the first stage of the "extinction of the legal lineage". The second "extinction period" was the brutalisation of the early Christians by the Roman emperors after the death of Jesus' disciples. During the reign of Constantine the Great (272-337), although Christianity was no longer brutalized, it was made the "state religion of Rome", Catholicism, and with the birth of Catholicism, the "Nicolaitans" became the legitimate Christian church group. The birth of Catholicism made the Nicolaitans a legitimate Christian church group, and the various "priesthood orders" completely obliterated the Jesuit religion, and the lineage of Jesus' "making Christians Christ" was extinguished.
(4) Why did the lineage of "making Christians Christ" not exist in foreign countries? This is due to the environment of the land, or to be precise, to the "feng shui environment". When the spirit from heaven (the dharma, Gog) comes to earth, it is influenced by the surrounding environment. In order to solve this problem, God made "Feng Shui" a discipline to be passed on in China. The environment of a grandfather's grave determines the prosperity of his descendants, which is the core idea of Feng Shui. This is the core idea of Feng Shui. Grandpa's tomb provides the groundwork for the arrival of the spirit from heaven (Dharma body, Ge Ge) on earth, because the earth has aura but no master, while the bones have no aura but a master. By transferring the feng shui qi from the location to the person in this life, the person in this life (magu, karma body, destiny soul) will be wise and wise, and will be able to maintain the essence of the genitals (dharma body, goge) to the greatest extent possible without being affected by the external environment. If there is no such ancestral tomb, the person in this life (Magog, the reward body, the destined soul) will not be able to withstand the devil's stalking and will fall (defect to the enemy) and become the devil's spokesman, and the original spirit (Dharma body, Gog), which is responsible for passing on the righteousness of the law, will be lost in the red dust and annihilated in hell. Since there is no such discipline as "feng shui" in foreign countries, foreigners do not believe that burying the bones of their grandfather will bring prosperity to their children and grandchildren, and therefore do not have the basis for passing on the lineage of "making Christians into Christians". Every grandfather of Christ in China was in a good feng shui environment, so that Chinese civilisation has been passed on for seven thousand years. This is the result of a unique geographical environment and a unique cultural identity that is unique in the world.
(5) "From the throne of God and of the Lamb flowed", where the "one true God" is God. This means that God authorised the Lamb to create the "Bai Yang Di Pan" Chinese Heavenly Church in the human world and to carry out the teachings of Maitreya Buddha, the master of the Chinese Heavenly Church. Many of the Lamb's disciples became Christ like Jesus, and this is the "Legacy of the Lamb". This "lineage of the Lamb" is the "river of the water of life that flows from the throne of God and the Lamb". (6) "Bright as crystal" means that many of the disciples of the Lamb are Christ, who are "unstained in the dust of the world, untouched by the world, versed in the past and the present, and in the wisdom of the East and the West".

27-22:2, "22:2 On this side of the river and on the other side there is a tree of life, bearing twelve kinds of fruit (note: "kind" or "return"), which bears fruit every month, and whose leaves are for the healing of the nations "(1) The "tree of life" is a disciple who has been initiated into the practice of the "White Sun Buddhism". (2) By rebuking the Jewish Church, Christians promote the "infallible method of making Christians into Christ", and by doing so, they have "broken the enlightenment and saved the lives of people" and have "the fruit of the tree of life". The fruit of the tree of life". Because each Christian is in a different state, the degree to which he or she promotes the "infallible law of making Christians into Christ" is different, and the merits and results are also different, giving rise to the "twelve kinds of fruit". In China, the term "nine golden lotuses" is used, and although the term is different from "twelve fruits", the meaning of the term is the same. (3) The phrase "bearing twelve kinds of fruit" is a metaphor for the various realms and levels of Christ, and not simply "twelve kinds". If you understand this to mean "twelve kinds", you are "blind without ears". Because each person has a different level of spirituality (dharma, gog), the person in this life (magog, retribution, life soul) will have a different level of enlightenment and will do different things. (4) The "twelve kinds of fruit" are the "nine golden lotuses". Each of these has nine levels. The strength and contribution to the propagation of the Baiyang Dharma in one's life determines which fruit one is, and which grade of golden lotus one is. (5) The reason why he "bears fruit every month" is that the words and actions of his disciples are recorded by a special angel after his initiation. The strength of his contribution to the propagation of the Baiyang Dharma during the month determines the size of his fruit for that month. In addition, there is the "fruit of the year", and at the end of the disciple's life, the disciple is reckoned as one of the "twelve fruits" according to the principle of "offsetting merit and demerit".
(6) The "leaves of the tree", which absorb carbon dioxide, emit oxygen and shelter from the elements, are the doctrine of the Middle Ages, which is the doctrine of the enlightenment of the enlightened, which is what Jesus was referring to when he called the Jewish Church "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (7) Any statement that does not break the "law of works" by "the law of nothing" is not a "leaf on the tree". It is the "leaves of the tree of life that heal the ignorance of the nations" that "raise up the good and remove the evil, and make men into Christ". (8) "Ignorance" is a common problem among the nations, so that through "the word of God" people can understand, be enlightened, wise, knowledgeable and omniscient, which is what the angels of God do when they "heal the nations and This is the angel of God "healing the people, promoting the good and removing the evil, and doing the will of God". The opposite of the "angels of God" are the "angels of the devil", who, under the guise of the righteous, make people "sing hymns and prayers and do this charity". The "edification of the faithful" (the law of works) as "the edification of becoming Christ" (the law of nothing), and the vilification of all denominations other than Christianity as "unholy", are a way of making people This is a sign that people are ignorant, selfish, narrow-minded, paranoid, cruel and irredeemably insane. (9) In calling out the Jewish religious order as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", Jesus was not only defeating demons but also "curing the ignorance of the nations", for which he gave his precious life, which is why he was able to This is why Jesus was "glorified for all time" and why Christianity has spread throughout the world. (10) Any Christian who does not have the words of Jesus is not a "leaf of the tree of life" and cannot "heal the ignorance of the nations", but is a devil incarnate under the guise of Christianity, for "if you do not have the righteousness of the law, you will have the The evil one".

27-22:3, "22:3 There will be no more curses. In the city there is the throne of God and of the Lamb, and all his servants will serve him": (1) "Cursed" has two meanings, one is a curse and the other is a curse; it is a curse that invites the devil to kill people, so that they are attacked by a curse in the underworld without knowing it, and they do not know who killed them. The other is the curse. Thus, "curses" are all kinds of magic that use the demons to harm people, that is, "the law of works". (2) Why is there "no more curses"? Because the Lamb has taken the trouble to write in great detail not only the various kinds of magic, but also the magic within each religion, and the magic of the devil to "curse" people has been "carpet-bombed" by the Lamb without borders. (3) "There shall be no more curses" is God's "test, the dragon's gate", which only those in the realm of "Christ and the angels" can know. For the devil, like the angels, is "immortal", and the devil and the angels are the yin and yang of the Word. Just as one cannot live without carbon dioxide, so one cannot live without magic, which is the teacher and companion of Christ. Without the devil, no one can become Christ. It is only by being able to discern all kinds of demons that one can become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". He who can discern all kinds of demons becomes Christ with "eyes like a flame". Thus, "there will be curses" for magic. (4) Although the magic of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam is revealed by the Lamb, in the same way as the devil goes about corrupting the five religions, the devil will enter into the Lamb's Church of the Middle Heaven. The "fifty demons" will stalk the Lamb's disciples and cause them to become demonized and become minions who promote magic under the guise of the Middle Kingdom religion. (5) Groups of demons with the name "Zhongtian" will appear in large numbers, such as the "36 False Receivers and 72 False Maitreya". (6) After human society has entered the electronic age, all kinds of "video games, games, anime, cartoons" and so on are the manifestation of the devil's pervasiveness after "upgrading". In fact, magic is very simple: through various forms and tricks, it makes people "play with things and lose heart". To make the "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" intoxicated, to satisfy the curiosity of the sense organs, to forget to see clearly and become Christ, and not to want to be immortalised in the kingdom of heaven, is to "play with things and lose heart". If you can realise what it is that makes people "play with things", you will know what magic is. Any form that does not allow one to "see the Self" or to realize that "Magog (God of Knowledge) sees Gog (God of Origin)" is magic. (7) In short, one does not know what Christ and angels are unless one knows magic and demons. Only if one is acquainted with all kinds of magic and demons can one know what Christ and angels are.
(8) "In the city there is the throne of God and of the Lamb". The "one true God" in the Holy City of Baiyang (New Jerusalem) is not God, but the "Baiyang God", the Lord of the Middle Heaven Maitreya Buddha. Those who practise the Five Religions and the White Sun Buddhism of the Mother to the Root are all disciples of Maitreya Buddha's "White Sun Heavenly Discipline". The Lamb was appointed by God to be the forerunner of Maitreya Buddha's Baiyang world and to implement the Baiyang teachings in the human world. The disciples of the Lamb are all disciples of the "Bai Yang Ren Pan". Within the Daoist system of the Middle Heaven Sect, they are called the disciples of the "Bai Yang Dao Pan and Bai Yang Di Pan". This is the true "trinity". (9) The Lord Maitreya and the Lamb, the "marriage feast of the Lamb" in all the countries of the world, became Christ's return to heaven, and all "his servants will serve him".

27-22:4, "22:4 And they shall see his face. His name shall be written on their foreheads": (1) In the middle heavenly teaching of the Lamb, with the words and deeds of Christ, God opens the metaphysical gates of the middle heavenly disciples, and the middle heavenly disciples have the divine vision and become the Christ who sees the gods and the demons, and of course "shall also see the face of Maitreya Buddha", for Maitreya Buddha is the whole "All the Christ's who have attained the path in the whole Baiyang world are the disciples of Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven. (2) The New Christ becomes a disciple of the Lamb, and his name shall be written on their foreheads (Maitreya Buddha and the Lamb), and the New Christ is a disciple of Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven, as well as a disciple of the Lamb. (3) The Lamb is the one appointed by God to carry out the teachings of the Way in a period of time. Because the "river of the water of life" is continuous, the Lamb will not be one person, but a second, a third, and a third generation of Lambs.

Revelation 22: There will be no more night (22:5)
27-22:5, "22:5 There will be no more night, nor will they need light or daylight, for the Lord God will shine on them. They will reign forever and ever": (1) In Baiyang Paradise, the "holy city of Jerusalem" where the five religions and the Baiyang Buddhism of the motherhood are practised and where the nations of Christ dwell, there will be no more night, nor will they need light or daylight. Nor do they need light or daylight, but the Lord God shines on them with light, because they were the messengers of light during their lifetime, the Christ who shines through the darkness and foolishness with the light of wisdom. (2) They used light to shine on themselves and on others during their lifetime, so that where they went there was no more darkness, nor did they need light or daylight, but the Lord God shone on them with light. To know the fruit of the hereafter, the author of this life is the author. This is the cosmic law that "good is rewarded with good and evil with evil". (3) Those who practise the "five religions of the family and the Baiyang Dharma of recognising the mother to the root" have become the Christ, the "Almighty", the "Almighty King of Dharma", and therefore " They will reign forever and ever". The "single specialist" Christ of a particular religion is not truly perfect, and therefore cannot be in heaven "for ever and ever", so he must come down to earth to participate in the "marriage supper of the Lamb" and to further his studies in the Middle Kingdom. After becoming Christ, he will be able to live in heaven "for ever and ever". (4) Apart from man's own "slavish and shameless nature", there are those who come to a very low level, who have a poor state of mind, who are subject to great demonic obstacles, who will be the devil's servants for life, who will take pride in being vile and shameless, who will inherit a certain religion, "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Jehovah's Resistance", and who will be in the hands of a certain religion. "They will carry on a certain religion, and in a certain religion, they will remain foolish and become the bones of the "old law ship". It will continue to exist. Human society cannot live without the "night", without which it would not know what "light and daylight" are.

Revelation 22: Blessed are those who keep the prophecies of this book (22:6-10)
27-22:6, "22:6 And the angel said to me, "These words are true and trustworthy. The Lord is the God of the prophets, the Spirit of inspiration, who sends his messengers to show his servants what must be done soon": (1) The "prophets" are the few Christ's of all religions, the few sons of God of the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam". (1) The "prophet" is one of the few Christs of the religions, one of the few sons of God in the five religions. (1) A "prophet" is one of the few Christs of all religions, one of the few sons of God in the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. (2) There are many "false prophets" under the guise of "prophets". Only Jesus, who lived 30 years, could be called a "prophet", but none of the others could use the title "prophet", because no Westerners had the kind of words and actions that Jesus did to disprove the Old Testament. No one else could use the title "prophet" because no one in the West had the words or actions of Jesus to prove that he was a "prophet". (3) The "prophets", because they had a great mission, were arranged by the Lord to meet a wise teacher, and only after they had become Christians according to the law did they realise that their becoming Christians was all led by God. It is only when they become Christ that they realise that all religious leaders are angels sent by God to earth, and that all beings are born and nurtured by God. No one is a Christ or a "prophet" without the realm of consciousness that "the five religions are one and all divine origin". (4) The Chinese Lamb, who opened the era of the "Five Religions and One Family" of Baiyang's righteousness, is of course also a messenger sent by the Lord to the world. (5) Since there is no day or night in heaven, there is no such long period of one or two thousand years on earth. The period of 1977 years between the writing of John's Revelation and the opening of the "marriage supper of the Lamb" in today's True Exposition of the Revelation is a short period of time for the Kingdom of Heaven, so it is "that which is necessary and soon to be done", not something to be waited for at all. (6) "That which is necessary and soon to be accomplished" is something that must be accomplished and will soon be successful, the global abolition of the "single specialty" form of religion and the opening of the "wedding feast of the Lamb in the five religions (7) The Book of Revelation is the book of Revelation. (7) The book of Revelation "instructs his servants" in this matter, to all nations who believe in God.

27-22:7, "22:7 Behold, I will come quickly! Blessed is he who keeps the prophecy of this book!" : (1) These words were spoken by Jesus. (2) Behold, the Chinese Lamb has truly unfolded the Book of Revelation and compiled it into the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation. (2) I, Jesus, must come quickly to spread the True Exposition of the Revelation to the Christian nations of the West, so that all Christians will know what the true "teaching of Christ" is. I have been waiting for this day for a long time. (3) Blessed is he who keeps the True Exposition of the Revelation, for "the prophecies of this book" have been truly interpreted, and you, wise Christians, can at last come out of your demons. (4) The book of Revelation is a prophecy of the "last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb". Because the whole book of Revelation is infinite, if it is not correctly interpreted, no one can be sure what it prophesies, which means that the "last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb" have not yet officially begun. (5) The Middle Heavenly Church has interpreted the Book of Revelation sentence by sentence and compiled the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, which contains a detailed account of the "Last Judgment and the Marriage Supper of the Lamb" prophesied in the Book, indicating that the "Last Judgment and the Marriage Supper of the Lamb" have officially begun. (6) It is up to you, people of whatever nation, to "observe or not observe" the interpretation of the Middle Kingdom. The Chinese will never "impose" or force you to follow the True Explanation of the Book of Revelation. There is a Chinese saying: "Though the rain of heaven is wide, it does not moisten the grass without roots; the Buddha's dharma is boundless, but it does not enlighten those who do not have a cause.
27-22:8, "22:8 These things I, John, have heard and seen, and having heard and seen them, I fell down at the feet of the angel who instructed me to worship him": (1) These things recorded in the Book of Revelation are what I, John, have heard and seen. (2) As I have heard and seen, so I will record them truthfully. (3) Then I will fall down at the feet of the angel who instructed me, and will worship Jesus.

27-22:9, "22:9 He said to me, "Never! I am a servant with you and with your brothers the prophets, and with those who keep the words of this book. You shall worship God": (1) "He said to me, "Never", Jesus said to John, "Never bow down and worship me. (2) "I am with you and your brothers", Jesus and John, and the disciples who followed Jesus with John. (3) The "prophets" were the "Confucian" Christ before Jesus. (4) To know this unique Christianity is for Christians to be "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright bronze, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron". "He who keeps the words of this book". He who does not know what "this unique Christianity" is is not a "keeper of the words of the book", for he does not know "the meaning of the words of the book". (5) Only those who know what "this unique Christianity" is, and who, like Jesus, call the Jews who practise the Old Testament "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" It is only those who are like one another who are "the same servants of the one true God". Otherwise, they are "servants of the evil one and of the devil". (6) If you do not know what "this unique Christianity" is, the gods you worship can only be "evil gods and demons", not "the one true God", because you do not have the ability to distinguish between right and wrong. You cannot be the "one true God" because you do not have the ability to distinguish between right and wrong.

27-22:10, "22:10 And he said to me, "Do not seal up the prophecy of this book, for the time is near": (1) "And he said to me", Jesus said to John. (2) "Do not seal up the prophecy of this book", so that the world may know that the date of the "last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb" is near. (3) Unfortunately, John could not expand on the exact timing and details of the events of the "prophecy of this book" because he was not the Lamb and was not qualified to expand on the "prophecy of this book", but John could only "seal up the prophecy of this book ".
27-22:11, "22:11 He who is unrighteous, let him remain unrighteous; he who is defiled, let him remain defiled; he who is righteous, let him remain righteous; he who is holy, let him remain holy": (1) He who is unrighteous is the devil who is defiled. He who is righteous is Christ, who is holy. There will always be these two kinds of people in this world, neither of which can be absent, and they are the embodiment of the "one yin and one yang" that make up the Word around us. (2) The relationship between the devil and Christ is antithetical, but also mutually rooted, transformative and not absolute; one must not be stubborn and obstinate.

Revelation 22: The Lord will reward and punish in the Lord (22:12-17)
27-22:12, "22:12 Behold, I will come quickly! It is in me to reward and punish, to repay each one according to what he has done": (1) These words were spoken by Jesus. (2) Behold, the Chinese Lamb has truly unfolded the Book of Revelation, compiling it into the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation. (2) I, Jesus, must come quickly to spread the True Exposition of the Revelation to the Christian nations of the West, so that all Christians may know what the true "Christian teaching" is. I have been waiting for this day for a long time. (3) "I will reward and punish every man according to his works", that is, let a man suffer his own karmic retribution. Let those who have done good and virtuous deeds be well rewarded. Let those who have done much evil be rewarded with evil. That is, "good is rewarded with good and evil with evil". It is God's law that rewards good and punishes evil. This is the common denominator of all religions and the reason why the "five religions are one".
27-22:13, "22:13 I am Arafah and I am Omerga; I am the first and I am the last; I am the first and I am the last": (1) I am the first to break the Old Testament, which is the doctrine of the devil's group, and to reveal that my God (Gog) is (1) I am the Christ who first broke the doctrine of the "Old Testament" as a devilish group and revealed that my God (Gog) is the universal God who is "one with God. I am the Christ who continued to break the "Old Testament" as a devilish group after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, because the Chinese Lamb testified to me and showed Christians the right way to become Christ. (2) I was the first Westerner in the Western world to propose that "Magog saw Gog and became Christ", and although no one in the Western world since me has understood what "Magog (God of knowledge) and Gog (God of origin)" are, I am not the last in the Western world to I am not the last Westerner in the Western world to practise "Magog meeting Gog becoming the Christ", because the White Sun teaching of the Lamb of China will reach the West and will allow Westerners who practise the White Sun Buddhism to become Christ like me, and to witness that what I say is true.
(3) "Arafa, the first, the beginning" is called by the Chinese "Wuji, the first heaven", which means that it existed before heaven and earth. The "Fire Lord" of the "Five Old Men" (Jin, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth), who came from the Wuji Kingdom of Heaven, came down to Israel and became the one who ended the "Old Testament Era" and opened the "New Testament Era". Jesus, the "New Testament Age", was an ordinary man. Jesus was an ordinary man, who came into existence after heaven and earth, and was the "omega, the last, the end", which in China is called "taiji, the latter day". (4) Jesus fulfilled his mission of ending the "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era", and initiated the teaching of Christ. He returned from the "last" to the "first" and became known throughout the world as the Lord of Christ. Jesus is the "model" for all religious people, and Christians who do not become Christ like Jesus are hellish ghosts who are ashamed of Jesus.

27-22:14, "22:14 Blessed are those who wash their clothes! They may have authority to go to the tree of life and enter the city through the gate": (1) "their own clothes" is the religious denomination of the religious person. To "cleanse one's clothes" is to leave one's original denomination and become a disciple who practices the teachings of the Chinese Lamb, Baiyang. (2) Blessed are those who have left Christianity and become disciples of the Lamb of China, for they have escaped from the devil's cave and are no longer "frogs in a well", but have become "almighty" who are well versed in the five teachings of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. "They are the glory of the Lord, the glory of the Westerners who have progressed in their thinking and improved in their realm. (3) They became disciples who practised the teachings of the Chinese Lamb, Baiyang, and were given the authority by God to go to the river of the water of life and become a tree of life. After the tree of life had its fruit, they were also able to go through the gate and into the holy city of Jerusalem. They were all for righteousness, the holy Christ.
27-22:15, "22:15 Outside the city there are those who are dogs, evil-doers, adulterers, murderers, idolaters, and all those who love to tell lies and fabricate falsehoods": (1) "Outside the city" is outside the holy city of Jerusalem, those who have not practised the teachings of the Chinese Lamb (1) "Outside the city" is outside the Holy City of Jerusalem, those who do not practise the teachings of the Chinese Lamb. (2) Those who do not practise the Baiyang teaching of the Chinese Lamb, and who remain faithful in the Christian church group, are vile people who cannot face the reality and follow the trend of the times, and are "dogs, evil-doers, adulterers, murderers, idolaters, and all those who love to tell lies and fabricate falsehoods". devil.

27-22:16, "22:16 I, Jesus, have sent my messenger to testify these things to you for the churches. I am the root of David and his descendant. I am the bright morning star": (1) Greetings, Christian church groups throughout the Western world! If one of you Christians has received the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation from the Chinese Lamb, it is "I, Jesus, have sent my messenger to testify these things to you for the churches". (2) "These things", which you all know as the "Last Judgement and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb", have officially begun. I, Jesus, asked John to write the Book of Revelation, and I asked the Chinese Lamb to write the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation. (3) If you have any humanity, read the True Exposition of the Revelation a few times, you will be able to prove that I also asked the Chinese Lamb to write the True Exposition of the Revelation. If you still have some humanity, you will know that both I, Jesus, and the Chinese Lamb are carrying out God's holy command, and that we are both working for the true upliftment of souls throughout the Western world, and for the transmission to the Western world of the true law that I, Jesus, could not transmit back then. You should know that those who refuse the progress of ideas and those who obstruct it are the devil incarnate.
(4) "David" is in the Old Testament, in the 10th book of 2 Samuel, because all the kings deprived the "priests of the rule of the church", because the "Jewish priests "David" was also slandered and abused by the "Jewish priests" because they were the ones who wrote the "Old Testament". (5) The word "David" does not mean the ancient emperor of Israel, but really means: the great protector, the great guard, the great bodyguard, the great security, the great protector who sends Christians to heaven to become the sons of God. Only by becoming a great protector, that is, "a Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron", can he be able to do the work of "propagating and preaching the law" and be the true "David". The true "David". (6) I, Jesus, who in the Book of Revelation portrays "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the shining sun, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron" is the same Christ who in the well-known Chinese book Journey to the West has The image of the Great Sage of Qi Tian, with his "fiery eyes and golden rod", is the image of all the "great sages of the West". This is the standard image of the "man of the law, the Christ", the standard "man of the law, the Christ". "I am the root of David and his descendant" means that I am of the same root and lineage as Zitian Daishonin. Although Qi Tian Da Sheng became a Buddha in 709, he was the divine general known throughout the world in the Chinese Book of the Gods three thousand years ago. The Chinese Lamb is Qi Tian Da Sheng, so he is qualified to expound the Book of Revelation.
(7) It is the stars that shine through the darkness of the night sky. The moon is hidden in the early hours of the morning, the darkest time, and this is the time when the "morning star" is most needed to illuminate the world. The "morning star" is a metaphor for the great wisdom that breaks through confusion and enlightenment. (8) Jesus is the "bright morning star" because of the words and actions of Jesus who called the Jewish community "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". By rebuking the Jewish priests, he was overthrowing Judaism, which had "harmed the wisdom of men", and by his words and actions, he was showing that the original God (Gog) was "no different from God", which is This is the same as the Buddhist doctrine of the circle of the Buddha, which is why the five religions are said to be "one". (9) None of the Christians who came after Jesus ever broke the Old Testament or even knew that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group, which means that Christians were "Judaizers" under the guise of Christianity and that the "Jewish priesthood" was not a devilish group. The "Jewish priests" have entered Christianity. (10) Jesus is the "bright morning star", a prelude to the "white sun world" that will follow the rising of the sun. O people of the Western world, you should not live in the starlight of the "bright morning star of Jesus", but in the "white sun world" of the Chinese Lamb after the rising of the sun. Wise Westerners! You say, don't you?

27-22:17, "22:17 Both the Holy Spirit and the Bride say, "Come! He who hears should also say, Come! Let him who is thirsty also come; let him who wishes take the water of life and drink it freely": (1) The "Holy Spirit" is Christ and the angels of heaven. The "Bride" is the new "holy city of Jerusalem", the new Christ who is waiting to practise the "five religions and one family, the Baiyang Buddhism" and to come and stay in the Baiyang Heavenly Villa. (2) Both the Holy Spirit and the Bride say: "Welcome the new Christ, who has "washed his clothes", to the villa of the Kingdom of Baiyang. Those who come, those who can come, are the best of the Western world! All are disciples of Christ who have come from the Kingdom of Heaven! (3) Those who read the "True Exposition of the Book of Revelation" as interpreted by the Chinese Lamb, and hear that "the Last Judgment and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb have begun", are also sober enough to say that they should believe this shocking "True Exposition of the Book of Revelation"! Christianity is a nightmare of ignorance in the Western world! "Baiyang Buddhism", here I come! Chinese lambs, here I come! God, I'm coming!
(4) The "thirsty" are those who want to drink the "water of life" from the "river of the water of life". Those who want Magog (the God of knowledge) to see Gog (the God of origin) as Christ are the "thirsty" ones. (5) Those who do not want to drink the "water of life" in the "river of the water of life" and who do not want to become Christ are not "thirsty". (6) Those who do not see through the falsehoods of the world, who crave the falsehoods of the world, who want to be "blessed by God, loved by God, loved by Jesus", are not "thirsty", nor can they drink the "water of life (7) Anyone who wants to make the Magi (the gods) "thirsty," "God loves you," "Jesus loves you" is not "thirsty" and cannot drink the "water of life," much less become Christ. (7) Those who want Magog (God of Knowledge) to see Gog (God of Origin) and become Christ should also come to practise the "five religions and the White Sun Buddhism" as enunciated in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, for the "White Sun Buddhism" is the only way back to heaven in the White Sun world.
(8) "Anyone who wishes can take the water of life and drink it for free" is a "counter-word" that makes people magnify their selfishness and greed, and is a "test question and a dragon's gate". If you really think that "you can take the water of life for nothing", you are the embodiment of a selfish and narrow-minded devil. (9) Those who see through the falsehood of the world, who are willing to let go of everything in this world to achieve eternal life in heaven, and who are willing to become the "second Jesus", can take the water of life for free. Those who are not willing to become the "second Jesus", those who are greedy for life and fear death, and those who cannot reveal that the Jewish people who practice the "Old Testament" are devils, and those who cannot see death as death, will not be able to drink the "water of life". (10) There is no such thing as "taking the water of life for free", or taking your life in this life in exchange for the "water of life". Christians, do you understand? (11) The people who drank the "water of life" throughout history were all "outlaws" like Jesus, who were not afraid to die, none of whom wanted to be "blessed by God, loved by God, loved by Jesus". No one who wants to be "blessed by God, loved by God, loved by Jesus". Christians, do you all understand?

Revelation 22 A warning to increase or decrease the prophecies of this book (22:18-21)
27-22:18, "22:18 I testify to everyone who hears the prophecy of this book, that if anyone adds anything to it, God will bring upon him the plagues written in it": (1) This is a warning to keep the devil from tampering with the Book of Revelation. (2) "I testify to all who hear the prophecy of this book", which predicts that the "Last Judgment and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb" will definitely occur on 21 December 2012, right after the "end of the world After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012. The true "Last Judgment" will begin when the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation overthrows all the Christian churches. When the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation reveals all the prophecies and tells the Western world that Magog (the God of Knowledge) will see Gog (the God of Origin) as the infallible White Sun of Christ (the White Sun of Buddha), then the true "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" will begin. (3) "If anyone adds anything to this prophecy" means that by adding words to this prophecy, the original meaning will be changed and the world will be misled and harmed, therefore, God has sent angels to protect the Book of Revelation to ensure that it will not be distorted by the devil adding words to it. (4) "If anyone adds anything to this prophecy, God will bring upon him the plague that is written in this book", and as a retribution God brings severe punishment on those who "add anything to this prophecy".
27-22:19, "22:19 If anyone removes anything from the prophecy of this book, God will remove his portion from the tree of life and the holy city written in this book": (1) This is a warning to prevent the devil from tampering with the book of Revelation. (2) The deletion of words from this prophecy would have changed the meaning and would have been harmful. Therefore, God sent an angel to protect the Book of Revelation to ensure that it would not be distorted by the devil's deletion. (3) "If anyone removes anything, God will remove his portion from the tree of life and from the holy city, which are written in this book", and God will not allow him to encounter the truth, but to fall into hell and be punished after being deceived.

27-22:20, "22:20 And he who testifies of this says, "Yes, I will come quickly! Amen! Lord Jesus, I wish you would come": (1) "He who testifies to this says", the angels who testify that the book of Revelation is true and that "the last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb will surely come at the end" say this. (2) "Yes, I will come quickly", yes, we angels must come quickly to uphold the Book of Revelation, so that Christians will not ignore it, so that all Christians in the world will know that "the last judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb will surely come at the end of time". (3) "Yes, I will come quickly", yes, we angels must come quickly to uphold the True Exposition of the Revelation, to prevent Christians from ignoring it, and to let all Christians in the world know that the "Last Judgment and the Marriage Supper of the Lamb" are already coming at the end of time as scheduled. (3) "Yes, I will come quickly". Yes, we angels must come down to earth quickly and become men of the world to practise the True Exposition of the Revelation, to promote it, to participate in the "marriage supper of the Lamb" and to be part of the "last judgment" in the "last days" under the guise of Christianity. (3) "Amen" to the "Judeo-Christian" Judeo-Christian church group, who will be the judges of the "Last Judgement", and will be the Christ like Jesus, who will live forever in heaven.
(4) "Amen" means: to bear true witness to the integrity of God, to be the Head over all creation, "to be victorious against God and man", and that Christians must become Christ like Jesus. (5) "O Lord Jesus", O Jesus the Son of the Lord, O Jesus the Lawgiver of the Lord, O Jesus the Master of Christianity. If you see the words "Lord Jesus" next to each other and "take Jesus for Lord, and think that the Lord is Jesus", you are "a blind leader without ears". (6) "I wish you would come", I have a wish that you would come to the world and teach us. (7) When you receive the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, it will be the time when your wish will be fulfilled, when Jesus will come to earth to teach you to escape from the evil one, to board the legal ship of the new age, to participate in the marriage supper of the Lamb and to become Christ, for it is time for the "Last Judgment and the marriage supper of the Lamb". (8) The True Exposition of the Revelation is the sign of Jesus' coming into the world to call Christians to "turn from darkness to light". The fact that you have the True Exposition of the Revelation and do not recognise it means that you have rejected the teachings of Jesus, that you do not want Jesus to come again, that you have changed from being "Christians" to being "Judaizers, devil-possessed minions", that you are This means that you are "Christian vested interests", that you are demons who harm the lives of people under the guise of Christianity.

27-22:21, "22:21 May the goodness of the Lord Jesus be with all the saints always. Amen": (1) The goodness of the Lord is that Jesus preached Christianity and that those who believe in the Lord may become Christ and live forever in the kingdom of heaven. (2) The words and actions of Jesus, who rebuked the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", reveal the general demeanour of the genesis (Gog) as "one with God", who became the Christ, and Jesus tells the world that this is This is what Jesus told the world: "This is the true way for Christians to become Christ". This is the first favour that the Lord made Jesus leave to Christians. Christians, have you received the "favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus"? If you have not received the "favour of the Lord and the favour of Jesus", then you are not a true Christian, you are just pretending to be one. (3) When we, like Jesus, expose the devilish words and deeds of the Jewish priests in the Old Testament and trample on the devilish words and deeds of the Judaizers, we become "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in our right hand, two-edged sword in our mouth, face like This is the second favour that the Lord has given Jesus to leave to Christians. Christian, have you received the "favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus"? If you have not received the "favour of the Lord and the favour of Jesus", then you are not a true Christian, but a Jew under the guise of a Christian, a lackey of the devil.
(4) Jesus, the only begotten Son of God, was not even saved by God before he was crucified. We should not expect "God's blessing" because God did not bless his only begotten Son and will not bless us either. Christians, have you received the "favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus"? If you have not received the "favour of the Lord and the favour of Jesus", you are not a true Christian, but a devil who comes from within to corrupt Christianity under the guise of being a Christian. (5) If you have not received any of the three favours that the Lord told Jesus to leave to Christians, you are not a "saint", you are a "devil". Do you understand? Demons in the guise of Christians. (6) The fact that no one in Christianity has become a "saint" like Jesus means that there is no "favour of the Lord Jesus, the favour of the Lord, the favour of Jesus", which means that this is not the Christianity of Jesus, which means that it is a group of demons who are using the guise of Christianity to demagogue the people, to fool the the masses, and harming the lives of people. (7) "Amen": to bear true witness to integrity, to be the head over God's creation of all things, to "compete with God and man, and all have won", and Christians must become Christ like Jesus.

Li Huaiju Published on 13 July 2017 16:00 15:00 Edit 31 July Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei
[Not all day, but only every afternoon between 16:00 and 22:00, with an hour for meals and exercise during that time].






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









