Old Testament 1 Genesis 2 The garden of Eden is the source of life
Note: (1) genesis is the first chapter of the Old Testament. Don't think that Genesis is the classic of Judaism《 Genesis is a "book of heaven" that existed before Judaism, but it was regarded as a "Jewish classic" by Judaism priests《 Genesis is not a Jewish classic. Remember that（ 2) Because there were very few literate people in ancient times, a few literate Jews misinterpreted, profaned and kidnapped genesis, making it a tool for them to "do evil by God, bewitch people, and harm people's lives". After genesis, they fabricated a large number of demons and heresies, pretending to have continuity classics for genesis, so there was "Judaism"（ 3) Is Judaism really blaspheming and misinterpreting genesis? When we know the Scripture of Genesis, and look at the Judaism of the "Old Testament classics" after genesis, you will suddenly understand“ The Judaism in the Old Testament Scriptures is totally opposite to the Enlightenment of God in Genesis.

(4) After becoming Christ, Jesus understood genesis and found that Judaism was a group of demons who distorted genesis and kidnapped the Lord to promote Satanism, so he launched an attack on Judaism. Jesus scolded Judaism as "a false good scribe and a blind guide", Jesus used the fact that he was crucified by Judaism to prove that Judaism is a evil group（ 5) During the reign of Constantine the great (272-337), Christianity became the state religion of Rome, and the Christian system of Jesus gave birth to the freak "Catholicism" under the imperial power. Since then, no matter which sect of Christianity (including orthodox and Orthodox and other branches), the "Christians" of Christianity have lost the words and deeds of Jesus, They are using "chanting hymns and prayers, doing charity" to anesthetize themselves, which shows that they are all Judaists who corrupt Jesus Christ from the inside, and that the "ark of Jesus" has completed its mission and has been replaced by the "ark of the devil" under the guise of Christianity

Genesis 2 the LORD made man (2:1-7)

1. "2:1 all things in heaven and earth have been created." (1) in six days, "all things in heaven and earth have been created." it is a metaphor, which means: Wuji produces Taiji, Taiji produces Yin and Yang, and the combination of yin and Yang produces all things (Huangji). The biochemical process is here, and it starts again and again, and it is endless“ Heaven and earth, sun and moon, men and women, a total of six, is the composition of life（ 2) In the book of changes of China, there is a prediction method of "LiuYao", which is the best interpretation of "on the sixth day, all things are created"《 In Yi Zhuan, "Yang" is called "Yang" and "Yin" is called "Yin"“ "Yao" represents the gasification of yin and Yang, and the three "Yao" are one hexagram, representing a natural phenomenon among the three realms of "heaven, earth and man". The eight trigrams are Qian (Tian), Kan (Shui), Gen (Shan), Zhen (LEI), Xun (Feng), Li (Huo), Kun (DI) and Dou (ZE). The eight trigrams are multiplied to form 64 trigrams. Every trigram of 64 trigrams is six trigrams. The 64 hexagram shows an invisible but real law of the universe. It is a natural science given by God to understand nature and let nature benefit mankind. It is a unique cultural heritage in the world（ 3) It is easy to have Taiji in the biography of Xici, which means that Liangyi comes into being, Liangyi comes into being, Sixiang comes into being, Sixiang comes into being Bagua, Bagua determines good or bad luck, and good or bad luck comes into being“ "Yi" is the only true God, creator, God and "unborn-mother".

2. "2:2 on the seventh day, the work of God's creation was finished, so he rested on the seventh day." (1) on the seventh day, the work of God's creation of the Three Kingdoms of heaven, earth and man was finished（ 2) On the seventh day, he took a rest from all his work of building the three realms of heaven, earth and man. After that, did he rest? Not at all, because human beings are no different from animals, and there are more and more of them. It's a more painstaking job to enlighten them, guide them to invent and create, and build a paradise on earth（ 3) The so-called "rest in peace" here does not mean to stop working to have a rest, but to change the working environment. Another way of working is to "rest in peace".

3. "2:3 God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, for on that day God rested from all the work of his creation." (1) The word "holy聖" in Chinese, ear on the left, word on the right, and king below; He is a king who is good at using his ears and his mouth, and knows the things of heaven, earth and man. Saint (Saint), from ear to present. He has a good ear and a good mouth（ 2) "Saint" means that the three realms of heaven, earth and man can enlighten people and make them become saints, Christ and the son of God（ 3) "Holy day", in terms of religion, is to open the era of educating people to become Christ“ "Holy day" is the Enlightenment of "let Christians become Christ" after the three realms of "heaven, earth and man"（ 4) Generally speaking, in the days after having people, God sent angels to preach enlightenment in the world, popularize the education of sages, and make people become sages with thoughts and realm; The day of popularizing sage education is the "holy day". If you learn something you don't know today, you can make it a holy day. Today, if you go out of Christianity and learn something that Christianity doesn't have, you can make it a holy day（ 5) You haven't gone out of a religion in your life, and you don't have the consciousness of "five religions and one family", which means that your "holy day" is very few, and you don't have the qualification to become a saint of Christ (the son of God). You have the consciousness of "five religions and one family", which shows that you have accumulated a lot of "holy days",; You tell the people around you the reason of "five religions and one family", which means that you are the "Almighty, Almighty Christ" who has got five degrees, and you are the great sage of heaven. If you tell the people around you that the day of "five religions and one family" can be "designated as a holy day", it is the day when you become a "great sage"（ 6) On the seventh day, God stopped all his work of creating the "hardware" of the "three realms of heaven, earth and man" and began to make the "software system" and the education system. Because at this time, the "human" could not speak, had no language, had no agricultural knowledge, and could not create. It was no different from animals（ 7) If you really think that "God will rest when he stops all his creative work", it means that you are not a normal person. It means that you have never been to school and can't think（ 8) Although God stopped all his work of creating the "three realms of heaven, earth and man", he did not have "rest", because man had no wisdom and indulged himself in greed, leaving a huge space for the devil to carry forward the devil's Enlightenment under the guise of Christianity; People's ignorance and greed make the devil group powerful（ 9) God saw that the man he made became the slave of the devil. Do you think God can "rest in peace"?

4. "2:4 this is the origin of the creation of heaven and earth in the day when the LORD God created heaven and earth." (1) the following is the origin of "Adam and Eve" after the creation of heaven and earth（ 2) In the days after the LORD God made heaven and earth, this is the specific details.

5. "2:5 there is no vegetation in the field, and the vegetables in the field have not yet grown up, because the LORD God has not yet rained on the ground, and there is no man to plow": This is the beginning of heaven and earth, because there is no rain on the ground, and there is no vegetation in the field, and the vegetables in the field have not yet grown up, and there is no man to plow.

6. "2:6 But there is fog rising from the earth and moistening the earth." (1) there was not only one piece of land in the beginning, nor was there only one ocean. Three large pieces of land separate the ocean（ 2) This is because three large areas of land are surrounded by the sea, and there are rivers on the land. Hundreds of millions of years later, plants and animals gradually emerged.

7. "2:7 the LORD God made man out of the dust of the earth, and breathed life into his nostrils, and he became a living man with spirit, and his name was Adam." (1) sixty thousand years ago, the LORD God made man out of the dust of the earth, which showed that the human body had the nature of the earth. It's not the dust on any land, just like the rare mineral (the clay for firing pottery) can't be found everywhere. It's a specific place, a unique place, and the only dust that can make people（ 2) "Blowing the anger in his nostrils" is to give the breath of the Lord to the human body. This "anger" is called "Yuan Shen, Dharma body, Gog", which is called "spiritual" in Christianity（ 3) "Blow the anger into his nostrils", which means that he will breathe in his nostrils, and there will be the breath of life. The lung can breathe and provide oxygen for the human body, which means "golden light unfolds" and human becomes a living spiritual body. Spiritual light is the consciousness of God (perception, soul, body, Margo) in human body, which is called "belonging to the soul" in Christianity（ 4) The word "Adam" originally means "red earth" in Hebrew. It is because God made him of dust that he took his name（ 5) In Yuanjue Jing, I have four Harmonies: hair, claws, teeth, flesh, muscles, marrow, brain and dirty color. Saliva, pus, blood, saliva, phlegm, tears, essence and Qi are all attributed to water（ 36 degrees) the heat returns to the fire, (the lung breathes but the breath) the movement turns to be the wind.

(6) The first man that the LORD God made out of the dust of the earth was Adam. He was a masculine man, because the LORD God broke through the darkness and had the earliest pure sun. Without the LORD God, there would be no world“ "The LORD God" is like a feminine mother in the birth universe; In the light of breaking the dark, like a yang father; That's why Jesus called "the LORD God" the "father in heaven."（ 7) In terms of the birth of the universe, "the LORD God" is like a Yin mother, called: limitless, congenital, unborn-mother, mother, mama and so on. In the light of breaking the darkness, "the LORD God" is like a positive father, called: primordial, Yuanshi, Yuanshi Tianzun, lifeless father, laofawang, wudangfo, etc. This is the reason why "Yuanshi Tianzun and wusheng laomu" are one and two sides. This is the Dharma of the old mother. The unborn father is the true Tao of the pure Yang, which helps the mother to "achieve the universal goal". This is because "Tao Yin Ming" is advocated by Taoism, and "heavenly Father" takes the lead in practicing "Tao Yin Ming Ming", making the unborn mother the God in charge of the highest management of the universe（ 8) In Chinese culture, "Ya" means "second only to and second". The first place is the champion and the second place is the runner up“ "When" means to undertake obligations and responsibilities“ "When a person" is the person you should see in this life. It is the yuan God (Dharma body, GOG) from heaven（ 9) "Adam" means: the heavenly Father (the LORD God) imitates his own appearance, recreates himself with dust, endows him with his own primordial God (Dharma body and GOG), makes him the second self, makes him bear the responsibility and obligation of building heaven on earth, and makes him the spokesman of his own image.

(10) The LORD God created human beings with "rare dust that is only found in a special area and suitable for making human beings". This real human being is different from "anthropoid ape". It is similar to "anthropoid ape" in gene, but also different. It can't be evolved by "anthropoid ape". We should not reason because some genes are similar. One or two different genes determine "the limitations of evolutionism."（ 10) The first people created by the Lord are called "Adam" in genesis and "Fuxi" in Longhua Sutra. Although their names are different, they are all the first real people created by the Lord. Because they want to be distributed in different Edens to reproduce human beings, the mission of talent is similar, but not the same, because "Fuxi" here is "the First Eden named Pishon".

Genesis 2 the garden of Eden (2:8-17)

8. "2:8 the LORD God set up a garden in Eden in the East, and put the man he made there." (1) the Lord, the only true God, set up a garden in Eden in the East. Garden of Eden, which means "paradise, garden of God", is a wrong interpretation“ "Eden" is the source of rivers, the source of life, and the starting point of human civilization（ 2) Eden is a place. Because no one, no one named the place（ 3) If the dust of the garden of Eden is used, it should be said: the Lord has set up a garden in Eden in the East, where he made man from the dust of the garden of Eden and placed him there（ 4) There is a unique place in the East (Eden) where Adam was placed. It shows that Eden in the East is the place with the earliest human civilization（ 5) The LORD God has set up a garden in Eden in the East, and he will set up another garden in Eden in the West. If we look at today's human skin color and language, we will know how many Edens there were（ 6) If we understand "setting up a garden in Eden in the East" as unique, it means that Judaists are slandering "all denominations other than Christianity are unholy", which is the thinking of a frog in the well. If it is really unique, we should not say "Eden in the East", but "in Eden". Since it is not said that "Eden has set up a garden", it is said that "Eden in the East has set up a garden". Of course, "Eden in the West has set up a garden", and "Eden in the South and the north have set up a garden respectively" is also OK.

9. "2:9 the LORD God has made all trees grow out of the earth, pleasing to the eyes, and the fruit thereof is good for food. Among the gardens are life trees and trees of good and evil respectively: (1) the LORD God has made all kinds of trees grow out of the earth, and the flowers and leaves are beautiful, which can please people's eyes, and all kinds of fruits on the trees are good for animal food（ 2) The fruit of a tree can let animals eat, and what can make animals continue their lives as food is "Life Tree"（ 3) Some trees are positive, beneficial to people, or can cure diseases, and are good trees. Some trees are negative, toxic to people, can cause disease, is bad tree.

10. "2:10 there is a river flowing out of Eden to moisten the garden, and from there it is divided into four ways": (1) "there is a river flowing out of Eden", which means that "Eden" is the source of the river and the source of life（ 2) The source of the river "moistening garden" is not around the spring source, but the vast area moistened by the river formed by the spring source. The vast area moistened by the river formed by the spring source is the garden of Eden. The garden of Eden is used to describe the source of human life, which is an earlier area of human civilization. The garden of Eden is not a place, as long as it is the source of the river, "the garden of moistening", where there is human civilization, it is a garden of Eden（ 3) There are four rivers from the garden of Eden. They do not flow out of one place. They flow out of the garden of Eden and nourish the four ancient civilizations.

11. "2:11 and the name of the first is Pishon, which surrounds all the land of havilah. There is gold there: (1) the original meaning of "pishon" is "flowing sufficiently", and it also means "connecting the mainland and the mainland"; It means jump. Chinese people's understanding of "pishon" is as follows: whoever is inferior to it, it is slightly superior to everyone; It's unique（ 2) "Havilah" means circle, produce, circle and pain; To make it produce, to make it grow（ 3) "Surround the whole land of havilah" literally means "encircle a circle with rivers". Such rivers do not exist, so "encircle the whole land of havilah" has two meanings. One is to describe "the river Besson" has many bends, twists and turns, and has a wide drainage area. The second meaning is to show that "havilah" is a place of "circle drawn with water". We should think of it with great wisdom: being surrounded by the pishon river is a place with a "ring-shaped o", that is, "no polar circle"（ 4) Water is perfect wisdom. The river pishon is the perfect wisdom of Christ (the son of God) who walks alone in the world. It is the only way to make people become Christ (the son of God)（ 5) One of the most important places for people to become Christ (the son of God) is the land of havilah, which is surrounded by the river bison. It is the Yellow River Valley of China, which has been handed down for seven thousand years and is one of the "four ancient civilizations".

（ 6) You can think from "the river Besson encircles the whole land of havilah", the first river is: the first thing is to let Christians know that "O is the infinite circle". When you have such a state of consciousness, you will get "the gold there"（ 7) The first river is "the only true God" and "one" is connected end to end to form a encircling o. You practice the revelation that "let Christians become the only right way of Christ", and prove that you have become Christ (the son of God) by criticizing Judaism as a devil group. When you see the Holy Father and Original Soul, you will see the "only true God". You will not degenerate in your lifetime, and you will return to the formless and the formless like Jesus The kingdom of the infinite without reality. When you understand this, you get "the gold there.".

12. "And the gold of that land is good; There are pearls and red agates: (1) these are metaphorical words, not that the place really "gold is good; There are also pearls and red agates, "which is a metaphor for the most valuable realm of doctrine and thought. It is not the place where" the whole land of havilah is surrounded by the river pison "（ 2) There is no havilah surrounded by the pishon River on the earth. God uses it as a metaphor for "O, no polar circle", that is, to make the Christian Wukong become the great wisdom of Christ, that is, "the only right way to know one's mind"（ 3) There are four rivers in total. Only this "pishon River" has "gold is good"; Pearl and red agate ", the other three rivers have no" gold is good; Pearl and red agate "is to highlight the" pishon River "alone in the world of dignity.

13. "2:13 the second river is called Jixun, which surrounds the whole land of Cush." (1) "Jixun" originally means "full of rivers", and also contains the meaning of "proud, worthy of competition"; It means to explode（ 2) Ethiopia is now Ethiopia in Africa“ "Encircling the whole of Ethiopia" refers to the wider area between the Nile River and the Red Sea in Africa. The Nile runs through this area. The river that originated from the Paleolithic played an important role in the formation of the Nile. This river originated from ancient times is the Jixun River in the Bible, which is one of the "four ancient civilizations" of the "Egyptian civilization".

14. "2:14 the name of the third river is Tigris, which flows to the east of Assyria, and the fourth river is Euphrates": (1) "Tigris" is also called "Siddijah" in Hebrew. The original meaning of "siddijie" is "torrent like an arrow", which also contains the spirit of "barren, blocking". The Tigris River rises in today's Turkey, flows through Iraq and into the Persian Gulf. The middle reaches of the Tigris River was the site of urban civilization in ancient times. The earliest irrigation canal system was built two thousand years ago（ 2) Assyria is located in the north of the two river basins. Around 3000 BC, there was a city-state established by the Assyrians who spoke the seme language, with the Assyrian city on both sides of the Tigris River as the center. Ashur is the site of an ancient city in northern Iraq, now known as sherkat fort. Located on the West Bank of the Tigris River, 150 kilometers south of Mosul. It was the first capital of the ancient Assyrian Kingdom, and also the shrine of Ashur, the main god of the ancient Assyrians. It was inhabited by clans around 2500 BC. At that time, although Ashur was inferior to Nineveh and Nimrud in terms of scale and form, it was constantly renovated because it was the holy site of Ashur. In 614 BC, the city was destroyed by the Babylonians. After that, it was abandoned.

（ 3) The original meaning of Euphrates is "sweet taste", and it also contains the meaning of "richness". The Euphrates River is adjacent to the Tigris River, forming a fertile plain. Extending westward to the Mediterranean coast, it is known as the "fertile land of the new moon". This unique terrain gave birth to Mesopotamian civilization（ 4) Babylon, the gate of God, is an important part of Mesopotamian civilization. The kingdom of Babylon is divided into Babylonian Kingdom and new Babylonian Kingdom (also known as Chaldean Kingdom). Mesopotamia is one of the oldest cultural cradles of mankind. There were more developed cultures in 4000 BC, including Sumerian, Akkad, Babylonian, Assyrian and new Babylonian civilizations. Babylon was originally just a small unknown city on the Euphrates River. Around 2200 BC, the Amorites, a group of Semites from the Syrian steppes, captured the small city and established the country（ 5) These four rivers are "designed in imitation of the river water in paradise". The saying is that the devil is bewitching people（ 6) The basins of the four rivers are the first four Edens created by God.

15. "2:15 the LORD God put the man in the garden of Eden, so that he could repair and guard it." (1) the garden of Eden is the area of rivers, which is convenient for people to do fishing and agricultural work, and they can easily get food, so the LORD God put the man there（ 2) Put people there so that they can repair rivers and clear up land. Guard the natural resources, not to be excessively damaged.

16. "2:16 and the LORD God said to him, eat the fruit of every tree in the garden as you please: eat the fruit of every tree of life in the garden as you please.

17. (1) to distinguish the fruit of the tree of good and evil, we must first know what is good and evil. If you don't know what "good" and "evil" are, you won't "distinguish the fruit of the tree of good and evil"（ 2) You must not eat the evil fruit, because it is poisonous. You will be poisoned to death when you eat it（ 3) If you do not kill your life, endanger other lives, cheat others, eat meat or be a vegetarian, you are planting "good trees" and you will get "good fruits"（ 4) Killing lives, endangering other lives, deceiving people, eating meat and not being vegetarian are just planting "evil trees", which will lead to "bad results"（ 5) "Good and evil tree" is not a good tree planted in the garden of Eden, it is set up by human's own words and deeds“ The fruits of the tree of good and evil are all created by human words and deeds.

Genesis 2 making spouses for men (2:8-17)

18. "2:18 and the LORD God said, it is not good for the man to live alone, but I will make him a mate to help him." (2) when there is heaven, there is earth. If there is no sky, there is no land. The sky is above, it's Yang. Under the ground, it is Yin. This is the "match of heaven and earth", and then there are all kinds of things in the world（ 2) Any one of the ten thousand categories in the world exists in the opposition of yin and Yang, which is also called "unique". That's why "it's not good to live alone. I want to make a spouse for him to help him.".

19. "And all the beasts of the field, and all the birds of the air, which the LORD God had made out of the earth, brought to the man to see what he called. How the man called all kinds of living creatures is his name: (1) "all kinds of animals in the field and all kinds of birds in the air" are made by the LORD God with the earth, but they are different from the appearance of human beings, and the others are the same. God gives it life. If you deprive it of its life and eat its flesh, it will have resentment, it will go to God to complain, God will preside over justice and judgment, and God will let you eat the "evil results" you have created. Do you all understand? People who eat meat should not eat fish or eggs from today on. Only in this way can they avoid "bad consequences"“ No one can replace anyone（ 2) "How that person calls all kinds of living creatures is its name", that is to ask you to name the protected animals separately, so that he can remember which animals belong to him, because they are vulnerable groups. He has the responsibility and obligation to take care of them and let them "follow their own kind".

20. "The man named all the livestock, the birds in the air and the wild animals, but he did not meet his spouse to help him." (1) "the man named all the livestock, the birds in the air and the wild animals", which showed that he took the responsibility and obligation to take care of them and let them "follow their own kind"（ 2) "It's just that the man didn't meet his spouse to help him", which means that he is "the only one in heaven and earth". Because he achieved "self-reliance, self-improvement, self love, self-confidence, self-esteem", so "did not meet his spouse to help him".

"The LORD God put him to a deep sleep, and he fell asleep; So he took off one of his ribs and closed up the meat. "(1) this is a metaphor, not true. If you believe it, you are "blind without ears". It's when he doesn't know it's time to let him pay the price he deserves before he gets what he deserves（ 2) If you want to solve your loneliness and need help, you have to pay the price first. Don't think that you can get free gifts from others without paying the price（ 3) Pay what you deserve and get what you need; If you don't pay the price you deserve, you can't get what you deserve; This is the rule of the LORD God（ 4) If you don't pay, you get it. It's against the rules of the LORD God. It's a shameful and despicable act. It's the devil's business（ 5) Leading the country's wages, spending all day in the office, without the consciousness of "serving the people", are all words and deeds of dereliction of duty, thinking all day about how to "embezzle and accept bribes". This is "no pay, you get it". This is against the rules set by the "Lord God". It is the despicable behavior of shameful corrupt officials, and it is the business of the devil's son and devil's son.

"2:22 and the LORD God made a woman out of the rib which he had taken from the man, and brought her to the man." (1) this is a parable, not true. If you believe it, you are "blind without ears"（ 2) "A man's rib makes a woman" means that a man is a woman's "backbone", and a woman needs a man to give them advice and advice. Women also have a masculine side. Don't look down on women's weakness（ 3) It shows that women need men's "ribs" to protect their weak internal organs and make themselves stand up; In fact, it is more necessary for a man to have a broad mind and a brave husband. If a man does not have a broad mind and the courage to bear the husband's mind, it means that the man does not have "ribs", is not a real man, women will not be satisfied with him（ 4) It is to let women depend on men. Without men's gifts, they can't be women.

"2:23 the man said," this is the bone in my bone, the flesh in my flesh. She can be called "woman" because she is taken from a man. "(1) the man said," a rib in my rib is in her body, and I am a piece of flesh in her flesh. The man can call her "woman" when he has such a relationship with a man（ 2) "Because she is taken out of men", this is the explanation: women are a part of men, should belong to men, back to men.

(1) a man must leave his parents and be united with his wife, and a woman must leave her parents and be united with her man（ 2) A man and a woman become husband and wife, and the two become one, supporting each other, complementing each other and following each other（ 3) Men are masculine. They should be proactive, enterprising, courageous and able to take responsibility. Women are feminine. They should be gentle, virtuous, submissive, gentle, tolerant, understanding and supportive. In this way, the two can become one, life and death depend on each other（ 4) If a man is not responsible, indecisive, like a woman; Women are not gentle, arbitrary, hot temper; This is "men are not men, women are not women". If there is no love between husband and wife, they will restrain each other and become enemies. If they can not become one, they will be separated（ 5) "One Yin and one Yang is called Tao". The masculine man and the feminine woman become one, forming a "Tai Chi", which is in line with the "Tao" principle（ 6) If one party has a sexual relationship with another person of the opposite sex and commits "adultery", it will not conform to the principle of "Tao", and it will not be a good person or a sinner. It is necessary to "reform one's mind and change one's ways" in time. If you do not change your mind, you will be punished by the Lord.

(1) this is because the "holy day" of the Lord has not yet been opened, people are no different from animals, and they do not know what is "filial piety, loyalty, integrity and shame"（ 2) At that time, the couple were naked, not "shameless", but did not know what "shame" was, because the "holy day" of the LORD had not yet been opened. When the couple ate the forbidden fruit, understood that they were bewitched by the devil and had wisdom, they officially opened the "education of human relations and sages".

Li huaizhu published at 17:40 on August 5, 2017 and edited xuanwushan on August 7, 2017





