Old Testament 1 Genesis 5 To abide by the rule of vegetarianism, no killing is to walk with God
Genesis 5 (5:1-20)

1. These are the generations of Adam. When God created man, it was made according to his own style ": when God created man, it was made according to his own style. Later, it spread to all parts of the world. Because of the different environment around the world, it gradually affected people's quality and appearance.

2. "And he made men and women. On the day when they were created, God blessed them and called them human beings: (1) "blessing them" is to make them have wisdom, intelligent brain and ability to think（ 2) "Calling them human" is because they are bewitched, violate the rules set by the Lord, and know the shame. It's the difference between human beings and animals, and the reason why they are called human beings.

And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son like himself, and called his name Seth.

And Adam lived eight hundred years after he begat Seth, and begat sons and daughters.

And all the days of Adam were nine hundred and thirty years, and he died. And Seth lived one hundred and five years, and begat enosh.

And Seth lived after he begat enosh eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters.

And all the days of Seth were 912 years, and he died. And enosh lived ninety years, and begat Kenan.

And enosh lived after he begat Kenan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters.

And all the days of enosh were nine hundred and five years, and he died. And Cainan lived seventy years, and begat Marelle.

And Cainan lived after he begat Marelle eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters.

And all the days of Canaan were nine hundred and ten years, and he died. And mallelet lived sixty-five years, and begat Jared.

And after he begat Jared, he lived eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.

And all the days of mallelet were eight hundred ninety-five years, and he died. And Jared lived an hundred and sixty-two years, and begat Enoch.

And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters. And all the days of Jared were 962 years, and he died.

【 Li huaizhu explained: These are all "word barriers" and "number games" to see how much wisdom you have

《 Genesis 5 Enoch is taken away by the Lord (5:21-32)

Enoch lived sixty-five years and begat Methuselah: (1) this is an ellipsis（ 2) Enoch lived to be sixty-five years old and gave birth to Methuselah in his youth.

(1) "walking with God for three hundred years" is a parable, not true, but a word barrier（ 2) That is to say, he correctly understood the rules of the Lord in genesis, abided by the rule of "vegetarianism, no killing", and "kept his promise" until the end of his life.

And Enoch lived three hundred and sixty-five years: (1) this is the Lord's enchantment. Those who believe it are slaves trapped inside（ 2) It is the Lord's deliberate exaggeration to know that "the age of over a hundred years old" is the one who comes out of the "enchantment circle", that is, Christ.

"5:24 Enoch walked with God, and God took him away, and he was no longer alive": "walking with God" is to correctly understand the rules of the Lord in genesis, abide by the rules of "vegetarian, do not kill", and achieve "keep the promise, promise a thousand gold". Therefore the Lord took him away, and he was no longer alive.

(1) even Adam was like us. Methuselah could not live to 187 years old, but to 87 years old（ 2) In fact, "Methuselah lived to be 87 years old and gave birth to Lamech in his youth.".

(1) this is the Lord's "number game". If you believe it, you will be "played", and you will lose the qualification to become a normal person. You should go to the "spirit hospital" for treatment（ 2) After Methuselah became the father of Lamech, he was 87 years old and had no other son or daughter.

And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty-nine years, and he died. 5: Ramah lived to be 182 years old and gave birth to a son: (1) these are all "word barriers" and "number games" to see how much wisdom you have. If you believe it, you have become a slave to Satan（ 2) The truth is that Ramah lived to be eighty-two years old and gave birth to a son in his youth.

And he called his name Noah, saying, this son will comfort us for our work and for the toil of our hands. This operation and labor is due to the curse of the LORD: (1) "this son will comfort us for our operation and the labor in his hands". This son will operate an unusual thing for our future generations, which is not what the labor in our hands can do. When he finishes this thing, it will be enough to comfort us forever（ 2) This is Noah's Ark（ 3) It's not "because the Lord curses the land", it's because the Lord curses the bad people on the land. They have lost the innocence of their ancestors and become more and more selfish. They are closer and closer to the demons who harm people and invade things. Animals in human skin are everywhere. There is no need for them to survive. Heaven will bring doom and wipe them out.

(1) this is the ninth time to mention that "after the birth of a child, he lived for hundreds of years, and had children and adopted daughters." this is a warning to those who read genesis. Are you still a normal person? If you don't have doubts and believe them rashly, you will become "blind without ears" (mentally handicapped), and you will become a slave confused by genesis（ 2) It turns out that people who have children don't live to be 150 years old. It is not because man is made by God that he can live for hundreds of years（ 3) As long as people are flesh and blood living creatures, there will be "eating, drinking, sleeping, living, old and dying". Don't pay too much attention to the ancient people, don't think the ancient people are magical, because they are the same gene as us. How we are, how they were“ The idea of "valuing the past and belittling the present" is the expression of human being's lack of self-confidence after being bewitched by the devil, and it is the root of human's bad nature.

And Lamech lived 777 years, and died. 5: Noah gave birth to Shem, ham and Japheth when he was five hundred years old: (1) Lamech lived to be eighty-two years old, not seven hundred seventy-seven years old. Because Ramah is not a God, but an ordinary man like us（ 2) Before Noah was fifty years old, Shem, ham and Japheth were born. Noah didn't have to live to be five hundred years old. “ At the age of five hundred after Noah's ark, he will come down to the world again, because he has a high level and can become a well-trained celebrity to drive the progress of society.

Li huaizhu published at 21:00, 21:32, August 9, 2017, edited by xuanwushan, Longyao County, Hebei Province on August 14

Qq / 

 

