Old Testament 1 Genesis 6 "Noah's Ark" is "Noah's boat of passing people back to heaven"
Genesis 6 great men on earth (6:1-4)

1. "6:1 when there are more people in the world and they have daughters again": (1) with the progress of productive forces, it is no longer a problem to eat and dress, and there are more people in the world（ 2) In addition to striving for fame and wealth, that is, having children, the mind is empty.

2. "6:2 when the sons of God saw the beauty of a man's woman, they chose her at will and took her as their wife." (1) the original gods of man (the Dharma body, the original God, GOG) came from heaven, and they were all the children of the Lord. When they came down to the world, they became ordinary people. This is to ensure that the purity of human and gene do not mutate（ 2) The sons and daughters of the LORD have become ordinary people in the world. If they don't know how to "cherish the essence, maintain the fullness, cultivate the self-cultivation", they will completely lose their original nature. They are no different from animals. They have all become wanton zombies.

3. "6:3 as a man is of flesh and blood, my spirit will not dwell in him forever, but his days will be one hundred and twenty years." (1) since a man is of flesh and blood, and he does not know how to raise his spirit and see through the false appearance of the world, he is no different from an animal（ 2) If the spirit of an angel like the Lord (Dharma body, primordial God, GOG) can not live in his body forever, he will lose his spirit, be dim, and die out slowly. Then the soul of human life (Magog, Mind body) will show the evil of greed, and can only rush into hell（ 3) However, his life will be 120 years, because he eats natural food without any pollution.

4. "There were great men on the earth at that time. Later, the sons of God and the women of human had children, which were the famous heroes in ancient times: (1) "great man" was a great achievement that ordinary people could not make under certain historical conditions, in a certain field or several fields, through their own and team struggle. These achievements had a positive impact on that time or later generations, and were beneficial to the country, the nation and even the whole mankind. Only those who can really stand the test of history and are respected by most people can be included in the ranks of great men（ 2) At one time, a son and daughter of the LORD came to the world and did something of great significance, that is, "there are great men on the earth."（ 3) Revolutionaries who promote human innovation and progress in various fields are all "great men on the ground"（ 4) "The sons of God and the women of human have children, that is the ancient heroes and famous people", this is "great out of ordinary", great people are ordinary parents. Because angels come down to earth, they can only live in the world with the help of human flesh and blood（ 5) "The sons of God and the women of human have children, that is the ancient Yingwu famous people", which shows that the father's genetic gene is the main, the mother's genetic gene is secondary. Mother is like land, father is like seed. Without good seeds and good foundation, you can't become a "famous person and great man".

《 Genesis 6 the LORD repented of creating man on the earth (6:5-9)

5. "6:5 the Lord sees that man is guilty on the earth, and all his thoughts are evil all day long." (1) because all men indulge their desires, and they always hope to get something for nothing, and they are despicable and shameless in order to achieve their ends; It is necessary to restrain one's selfish desire to learn well, so "the Lord sees that man is on the earth and his sin is great."（ 2) What he thinks all day long is the delusion of satisfying selfish desires and extorting, and what he does is evil words and deeds“ There are few people who are happy to help others, willing to sacrifice themselves and brave to do what is just. There are few people who are determined to return to the heaven.

6. "6:6 and the LORD repented that he had made man on the earth, and his heart was grieved." (1) this is a way of exaggeration, and also a lament of the Lord to mankind（ 2) "People on the earth" drift with the tide. Without the simplicity and kindness of their ancestors, they all show their evil side. They all become animals "dressed in human skin", which is not as kind as animals; They shout "freedom", don't talk about "human morality", don't accept the enlightenment and advice of great people, they are despicable, greedy and cunning; Originally, people who were "no different from God" degenerated into demons, demons and demons; This is why the Lord is "sad in his heart.".

7. "6:7 and the LORD said, I will destroy man and beast, and insects, and birds of the air, which I have made, for I have made them to repent." (1) do not be moved by words. This is the Lord's deliberate exaggeration. It is the Lord's deliberate misleading to make you feel that the Lord, like man, has a time of repentance. If you really think that the Lord has "regrets" like people, you will misinterpret the whole meaning of the Bible（ 2) Everyone knows that "no regrets" face up to it, how can the LORD have "made them regret" situation（ 3) At the beginning, the animals created by the LORD made the ground colorful. People and animals are a harmonious family. Later, those who killed animals and ate meat and committed heinous crimes lost their qualification to be human beings and were punished as animals. People gradually have the habit of eating meat, and the animals killed are full of resentment. When they save up for a certain period of time, it will break out, and a big reckoning will be carried out. So there are great natural and man-made disasters.

8. "6:8 but Noah found favor in the sight of the Lord": Noah was the only one who had been educated by the sages and became the Christ who had been enlightened by the Lord, so he came to the sight of the Lord and received favor.

9. These are the generations of Noah. Noah was a righteous man and a perfect man in his generation. Noah walked with God: (1) "the righteous man" is a kind man, a man who does things properly, and is able to build people and things《 In shuoguazhuan, the way of setting up people is benevolence and righteousness“ "Benevolence" means that people love each other. Justice is the right thing. Cut things and make them suitable. Just and appropriate reason or action, conforming to justice or public welfare（ 2) Abide by the rules of the Lord in genesis, do not eat "forbidden fruit", do not eat meat or vegetarianism, do not extort for one's own selfish interests, do not harm things, and have the realm of Christ (the son of God), that is, "walk with God."（ 3) In order to prevent the world from killing and kill his brother, "Cain" is "walking with God" person. As Cain did, he cultivated his own land, ate no meat, killed butchers and protected animals. He was a perfect man, a righteous man, and a man who walked with God（ 4) "4:24 If Cain be slain, sevenfold the vengeance shall be; And if Lamech be slain, seventy-seven-fold the vengeance shall be, "which shows that Cain and Lamech are perfect men, that is, righteous men, and those who" walk with God. "（ 5) Jesus rebuked Judaism as "Woe to the hypocritical scribe and blind guide." Jesus was a perfect man, a righteous man, a man who "walked with God.". Christians are not true Christians without the words and deeds of Jesus. They（church groups） are demons who corrupt Christianity from the inside under the guise of Christianity.

10. Noah had three sons, Shem, ham and Japheth. 6: The world is corrupt before God, and the earth is full of violence. "(1)" 1:29 God says, "look! I will give you all the vegetables that bear seed throughout the earth, and all the fruit that bears seed from all the trees, for food; 3: The LORD God sent him out of the garden of Eden to cultivate the land from which he came. "No one regarded this as the" no killing order "of the Lord for people to be" vegetarian ". After the popularization of meat eating, the harmonious world was corrupted by people who degenerated into demons. The earth was full of violence, the weak, bullying, extortion, taking wrong as right and taking false as true.

（ 2) Galatians 2:16 knowing that a person is justified not by the work of the law, but by faith in Jesus Christ, even we believe in Christ Jesus, so that we may be justified by faith in Christ, not by the work of the law; This is because the "law" at that time was formulated by Jewish priests to protect the legitimacy and authority of Judaism, the evil group, which Jesus opposed and was overthrown by Jesus. This is the reason for "not being justified by the law"（ 3) Because the belief in Jesus overthrew the words and deeds of the Judaism, he became a Christian. He also used the words and deeds of exposing Judaism to promote Christianity of Jesus, so that more people could be free from the harm of Judaism, so that he became a righteous person. This is "justification through faith in Christ"（ 4) "Christianity believes that people who believe in God are just people, not people who follow moral laws are just people", which shows that Christianity is a devil group, and that Christianity believes in the "evil god Satan" group under the guise of the Lord. Christians who believe in God have not become Christ like Jesus, which shows that the God of faith is not the Lord, but the devil under the guise of the Lord. Christians who believe in God have not become people like Jesus. They are not "righteous" at all. They are all "unrighteous" opposite to "righteous".

《 Genesis 6 God ordered Noah to build the ark (6:12-22)

12. "6:12 when God looked at the world, he saw that it was corrupt; All flesh and blood have corrupted their deeds on the earth: (1) "seeing is corrupt", and there are not many "righteous people" to be seen. They are all "unjust people" who harm others and benefit themselves and harm things, and they have corrupted the rule of "eating vegetarian food and not killing living things" set by the Lord（ 2) All flesh and blood have corrupted the "monogamy" on the earth, and all have "lewdness and lust". They have corrupted the rule of "vegetarianism, no killing" set by the Lord, and they all have the behavior of eating meat and killing. Stealing and snatching are very common, which spoils harmony.

13. "6:13 then God said to Noah, the end of all flesh has come to me, for the earth is full of their violence, and I will destroy them together with the earth." (1) all flesh have not become "righteous", but are "unrighteous" who do harm to others, benefit themselves, and destroy life, I will destroy them and the earth（ 2) Because the earth is full of their violence, there is no "each according to his kind" set by the Lord, the world people ignore the enlightenment and rules of the Lord, have degenerated into greedy, despicable devil, I will destroy them and the earth together（ 3) In fact, it is not the Lord who destroys human beings. It is human beings who are punished for their own evil words and deeds and who destroy themselves.

14. "6:14 make an ark of gopher wood, one by one, with rosin inside and outside." (1) "gopher wood", also known as sacred tree, cedar, cedar, holy wood, is a kind of cypress; This is the explanation of "blind guide". If you don't know what English "gopher" is, you will misinterpret "gopher"（ 2) The English of "Ge Fei Mu（歌斐木）" is "Gopher wood". Gopher is an animal, which is a kind of hamster and a kind of gopher. Wood is an English word. It can be used as a noun, a verb and an adjective. It can be translated into wood, woods and so on. Therefore, the careless interpretation of "gefeimu" as "sacred tree, cedar, cedar, sacred wood, etc., is a kind of cypress", which directly misunderstands the original meaning（ 3) "Gopher wood" is not "sacred tree, cedar, cedar, holy wood, etc., a kind of cypress", but "gopher and wood" living under the land (obscure and microscopic), which is a kind of wood related to mice（ 4) Gopher mouse is the first of the twelve Earthly Branches in China. The five elements belong to water, representing kidney essence. The five elements belong to wood, and the five zang organs belong to liver. The liver hides the soul. The soul of life (knowing God, Mind body and Magog) lives in the liver. The relationship between the five elements is "water makes wood, wood makes fire, fire makes earth, earth makes gold, and gold makes water"“ In order to achieve the goal of nourishing the liver with kidney water, the sexual life between men and women should be cut off; In order to make the kidney water moisten the liver wood, people in this life need to go to Awakened Master and learn a practice method of "gathering essence and transforming Qi" to make a foundation for the Original God (Dharma body, GOG) to fly out of the body. When Magog saw Gog, he became Christ like Jesus with infinite powers and was protected by the Lord when natural and man-made disasters came.

（ 5) "Fang(方)" is a pictograph. From the boat Province in the lower part, there is the image of merging in the upper part, so we know that "merging" is the original meaning. Original meaning: two parallel ships; It generally refers to parallel and parallel. Four corners are 90 degrees right angle quadrilateral or six faces are square solid, are "square"（ 6) "Dig the wood into a boat" and hollow out the middle of the wood to become a tool for crossing the river（ 7) The "Ark" is a tool to measure water, a boat. Here we use the "Ark" as a metaphor: with the exclusive authorization of the Lord, people can become the Christ, avoid natural and man-made disasters, and cultivate themselves.

（ 7) Jesus practiced the "practice inner one breath" that the Lord taught him. Magog (soul of life) saw Gog (Original God) and became the Christ with infinite powers. Jesus read genesis and knew that the "gopher" was taken by him. When Jesus had his first disciple, he began to "build an ark", because the ark is "the only way to make Christians become Christ". Jesus' Christianity is "an ark". Jesus' Christianity is "the ark of Jesus", which is the same as Noah's Ark. In China, it is called "the Dharma boat that ferry people to the other side to become Buddhas"（ 8) Jesus' understanding of "gopher wood" is specially elaborated in his book of revelation, but Jesus replaced "building an ark with gopher wood" with "Lamb's wedding banquet". Jesus didn't say that "Lamb's wedding banquet" was "making an ark out of gopher wood", because the law of Christianity could not be delivered, which was decided by Jesus' mission（ 9) Through his own practice experience, Jesus realized the essence of Genesis and confirmed that he was the spokesman of the Lord. Therefore, Jesus had the confidence to attack Judaism, the "devil group".

（ 10) "Building one room at a time" is like this: after the formal practice of "practicing one breath inside", subtle changes will take place in the human body, just like stepping up the steps. This period of time is different from the previous period of time（ 11) "Putting rosin on the inside and outside" is not really to put anti-corrosion and waterproof paint on the outside of the wooden boat. It means that the practitioners should strengthen their personality cultivation. First of all, they should be vegetarian and not kill animals. They should observe the five Commandments (killing stealing and drinking). This is "putting rosin on the inside". We should uphold justice, act bravely for a just cause, punish the strong and get rid of tyrants, do good deeds and do good deeds, speak and act on behalf of heaven, and make him morally fragrant. This is "putting rosin on the outside.".

15. "6:15 this is the way to build an ark: it should be 300 cubits long, 50 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high." (1) when you know what it means to build an ark with gopher wood, you will know that it should be 300 cubits long, 50 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high, which is the "examination questions, dragon's gate, and false void" set by the Lord. If you hastily understand the size and length of a real wooden boat, you are "blind without ears", and you are a slave who takes a thief as a father and goes into the devil's den by mistake（ 2) The length of the stick in Si Fen Chao is about eight cubits, and the length of the elbow is not definite. Elbow, Indian foot. According to the twelve sayings, Qimai is one knuckle, three knuckles are one finger, 24 fingers are one elbow, and four elbows are one bow. According to the two sayings in the western regions, the seven overnight wheat is a knuckle, the twenty-four fingers are a elbow, and the four elbows are a bow. Therefore, one elbow is 72 times of one knuckle. The story of the western regions is only twenty-four times. The width of the human finger is different, and the length of the elbow is not certain. Only one can say that one foot eight inches or even one foot four inches is one elbow, which is twice the amount of the Buddha（ (3) "Christians" regard all religious sects except Christianity as "unholy", because they don't know "how long is a cubit". Despite "unholy Buddhism", Christians even get the length unit of "cubit" from Buddhism, which is interpreted as: "seven Mais are one knuckle, three knuckles are one finger, Twenty four fingers in a row are one elbow, and four elbows in a row are one bow. In the Old Testament, one elbow was about 44.5cm, and in the New Testament, one elbow was about 55.5cm. It is about 0.445m to 0.555m. About half a meter. Others said, "one elbow equals 18 inches.". All this shows the ugliness and ignorance of "Judaists in the guise of Christianity".

16. "6:16 leave a light spot on the top of the ark, one cubit high. The door of the ark should be open by the side. The ark is divided into three levels: (1) Jesus first learned the "practicing one breath inside" of Yahweh's teached, and then became Christ. He found that Noah's Ark in genesis was his own way of practicing. Jesus knew that ordinary people without practice could not understand the original meaning of the Scripture, so he began to understand the meaning of the Scripture, In the book of revelation, Jesus mentioned eight times that "anyone who has an ear should listen", which shows Jesus' painstaking and repeated ringing of the alarm bell. As a result, all Christians are "blind without ears" because they don't know that people have borders, and any Christ (the one who gets the way) has no borders, because there is no second place in heaven.

（ 2) "On the top of the ark" is a man who practices the inner breath of the Lord's religion（ 3) "To keep a transparent place" means that there is a "transparent place" there, which is the "reserved" gateway between man and heaven when the Lord created man. That part is called "anterior fontanelle" in medicine, which is the place where a small piece of bone missing from the baby's head will beat, and it will be closed about 12-18 months after birth; It's called "heaven gate" in China. In infancy, babies can communicate with gods, which means that Yuanshen can get in and out of the human body from there. When the baby grows up, that part of the body is fully developed, and the "heaven gate" is closed, so it can't communicate with the gods. Hell（ 4) Yuan Shen (Gog, Dharma body and self nature) needs to be inflated before he can fly out of the body“ "Practice one breath inside" is "gather refined Qi", refine to "three flowers gather at the top, five Qi Dynasty yuan" as the basis for yuan spirit flying out of human body; This is life cultivation. In this life, the knowing God (Magog, body, soul) ,people has "Cain" (Jesus) state of words and deeds, which is "cultivation". Such a person's head has a "high elbow" aperture, which is invisible to the naked eye. It shows that he has the conditions to become a Christ. The Lord has a little "heaven gate", and the Original God (Gog, Dharma body, self nature) flies out of the body, which is seen by the Mind God (Magog, Mind body, soul) in this life. The yuan God and the God realize the "unity of heaven and man", and the Original God becomes the core of Min God, Mind(Knowing) God has the power of Original God, people in this life have the power of God, and they become Christ (the son of God). This is "the only way to make Christians Christ", which is the essence and connotation of Noah's Ark.

（ 5) "Noah's Ark" is the divine skill of the Lord in ancient times. After that, Judaism came to ruin. Because "the way comes from the devil", with the Dharma of the Lord, there is the magic of Satan. Dharma and magic "rise and fall one after another" and accompany human beings forever. When the Lord saw that Judaism took Satan's magic as the right law of the Lord and harmed countless people, he let Jesus come out, ended the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". Jesus and his disciples formed the "ark of Jesus" and let a large number of people return to the kingdom of heaven. In 313, Constantine issued the famous edict of Milan, which gave Christians and other people complete freedom of religious belief. In 325, Constantine ordered all subjects to convert to Christianity. In 393, the Roman Emperor Theodosius I declared Christianity as the national religion. This is a sign that "ark of Jesus" is completely replaced by "ark of Catholicism" (Nicolas), and it is also a sign of the complete end of "ark of Jesus"（ 6) Today, Zhong-Tian Sect interprets the book of revelation and genesis, reveals the true "white sun Dharma Zen that makes Christians become Christ", begins the "doomsday judgment" and opens the "wedding banquet of the lamb", which is the sign that the "ark of the lamb" appears in the western world after the "ark of Jesus"“ "Lamb Ark" in China is called "Taishan Taoism Zhongtian Sect".

（ 7) "The door of the ark should be open beside it": (1) "open beside it" means "non mainstream". It is not well known by most people, is not well known by most people, is in the dark, is in the early stage, and is a new sect without inheritance（ 2） "To open beside" means not accepting everyone in a positive way, but only letting the kind-hearted people who are "vegetarian, don't kill, and abide by the five commandments" find the boat door（ 3） "Ark of Jesus" was also "open beside" at the beginning, and "at the last supper", there were only a few Christian disciples. Who could have thought that the Christianity would become the largest religion in the world（ 4） "The door of the ark should be opened next to it", which means "to make Christians the only right way of Christ". It is not in any Christian church group, but in China's "Taishan Taoism",It's outside from Christianity. If you wise people in the West want to be Christ like Jesus, you have to go to China to seek Truth.

（ 8) "Ark should be divided into upper, middle and lower layers". It's not a big wooden boat divided into upper, middle and lower layers. It means that people who practice "inner breathing" in religious sects. Because everyone's realm is different, their words and deeds show different results. It's the same "no two Dharma". Because the practitioners have different understandings, they have different levels of speed. The Buddhist metaphor of "ox cart, sheep cart and deer cart" is the same as the meaning of "upper, middle and lower" here, but the words on the surface are different.

17. "6:17 see, I will flood the earth and destroy the whole world. All living creatures with flesh and breath on the earth will die." (1) a certain area of "to flood the earth" is not "all the places on the earth", but the river valley, which is also a densely populated city with the most animals and human（ 2) It's not that the Lord "wants to flood the earth", it's that human beings don't know how to extinguish their desires, and their greedy desires are "flooding the earth"（ 3) It's not really "destroying the world". You don't think it's true just like a asshole. It's to "destroy assholes in a certain area of the world.". It is true to see the words "destroy the world". This kind of "blind people without ears" is also one of the "animals in clothes". They have no value to live. They should be eliminated in the "natural selection" of human evolution（ 4) "All living creatures with flesh and breath on the ground are mortal." this is the "exaggeration" technique in literature. It is a deliberate exaggeration. The purpose is to see your reaction. If you believe it, you are "blind without ears"（ 5) As long as there are no vegetarians, people who have cause and effect debt to kill and eat meat, people and living creatures who have no good deeds and merits and should suffer "karma", they will all die. Because at every stage of mankind, there will be a big clean-up.

18. "But I will make a covenant with you, and you, your wife, your son and your daughter-in-law, will enter into the ark." (1) do as I say, and I will save you from calamities and keep you safe in times of natural and man-made disasters. If you don't do as I said, I can't "rescue you from the disaster" or "protect you" in the time of natural and man-made disasters. This is "my covenant with you."（ 2) I don't make a contract with others, "but I want to make a contract with you" because you have good deeds and merits. I think you have the chivalrous heart of being brave for what is just and being jealous of evil, and you have the advantages that others don't have（ 3) You, your wife, your son and your daughter-in-law should be vegetarians, abstain from killing and not eat meat. During the day, you should go to the crowd to do the propaganda work of educating people to be merciful and good. At night, you should practice "breathing inside". This is "entering the ark"“ Entering the ark "is to" get on the Dharma boat, start to practice one breathe inside, and make Christians become Christ with divine power. ". It shows that Noah was instructed by the Lord, so he had Noah's Ark.

19. "6:19 every living creature of flesh and blood, two of every kind, one male and one female, you shall take them into the ark, so that you may save your life." (1) it is not that as long as they are living animals, they are "living creatures of flesh and blood."（ 2) Only "people of blood" are "living creatures of flesh and blood". Only people like Cain who killed his younger brother Abel are "bloody people" and "living creatures"（ 3) The people who observe the five Commandments (killing illegal man), have the chivalrous heart of being brave and jealous of evil, have the mentality of being generous to die for the truth, and treat death as if they were going home are the "living creatures with flesh and blood". If you don't abide by the five commandments, have no ambition, be greedy for life and fear of death, and can't exercise consistently, you can't be "fair and aboveboard", treacherous, cunning, eloquent, and full of lies. Such despicable villains, such as dogs, are the opposite of "living creatures with blood and flesh".

（ 4) "Two of every kind, one male and one female" refers to a very small number of men and women who are "not greedy, noble, selfless and intelligent elites". it is better to leave a deficiency uncovered than to have it covered without discretion. The way does not spread to bandits（ 4) Noah, you tell the world that the Lord has opened the "Noah's Ark" to save people from disaster and help them return to heaven. Anyone who is willing to accept your enlightenment will give him the method I taught you and let him practice like you. That is to say, you will "bring him into the Ark". When natural and man-made disasters happen, you can save your life.

20. "6:20 birds, livestock and ground insects, two of each kind, will come to you to save their lives." (1) it is the Lord who compares animals, not really letting animals "into the ark", but emphasizing that "the way does not preach to bandits", that is, he does not give up the fate of human beings（ 2) "Birds belong to their own kind, livestock belong to their own kind, and insects on the ground belong to their own kind". This is a huge number, which Noah can't do, and modern people can't do either. Therefore, it's a "writing barrier" here. The Lord is looking at it. Do you still know the analysis? Is it up to you or normal people? If you don't know that no one can do it, you are an asshole（ 3) "Two of every kind" is not an animal, but an instruction to Noah to recognize man; Achieve "one in a hundred, one in a thousand"; Do not save those who do not listen to enlightenment; People without good deeds are not allowed to enter the ark; It is necessary to achieve the goal of "rather lacking than overusing"（ 4) Noah, you show in the crowd that your "Noah's Ark" is going back to heaven. Those who have good deeds should "enter the ark" and be protected. They will, under the guidance of the Lord, ask to come to you to "accept your enlightenment" and become your disciples“ Those who enter the ark, as long as they study your enlightenment well and do not leave your ark under the temptation of the devil, can "save their lives" when the doom of mankind comes.

(1) to avoid natural and man-made disasters, "food", also known as "endowment food", is the result of educating people to abandon evil and turn to good. It is also the result of keeping the five commandments, doing good and accumulating virtue（ 2) At ordinary times, the virtue of keeping the five commandments and doing good deeds is "taking all kinds of food to accumulate". Usually, there are words and deeds that educate people to abandon evil and turn to good, and the result is "save up all kinds of food."（ 3) "Achievements and virtues" are the "food" protected by the Lord when natural and man-made disasters occur, and the "food" for you to avoid natural and man-made disasters. If there is no "food", you will starve, you will not get the protection of the Lord, you will die in natural and man-made disasters and act as a doomsday.

So Noah did. So he did everything God told him to do. "(1) this is how Noah built Noah's Ark（ 2) Whatever the LORD commanded, he put it into action and did as the LORD had said.

Published by Li huaizhu at 21:45 on August 9, 2017 and 18:10 on August 12, 2017

Qq / 

 

