Old Testament 1 Genesis 3 Disobedience and punishment
Genesis 3 the ancestor is seduced (3:1-5)

1. "But the serpent is more crafty than all the living creatures of the field, which the LORD God has made. Then the snake said to the woman, "does God really say that you are not allowed to eat from all the trees in the garden?"（ 1) "Only the snake is more cunning than all the living creatures in the field", because the snake can become a straight line, can also curl up into a ball, and become a "endless circle", which shows that it is born with the talent of "endless Tai Chi". Therefore, it understands "hardness and softness, advance and retreat, yin and Yang", and its spirit is higher, and it is more intelligent and cunning than all the living creatures in the field. The snake is the most harmful,The "hundred evildoers" are the officials and leaders of hundreds of evildoers. That's why Genesis first mentioned snakes（ 2) There are many kinds of appellations for the snake in China: Changjia, Changxian, mangxian and riverdragon. Snakes and other animals (hedgehogs, weasels and other land animals, as well as animals in the water) we see have 100 years of magic power every year of their growth. If they have five years ages, they will have 500 years of magic power, and they will be fully equipped to attack people with magical powers, so that people will have sudden accidents, diseases and money. Therefore, we should not hurt it easily, but let it go by itself. If you bully him, you will easily kill him but be attacked by his invisible evil（ 3) In China, there are many witches and man witches who use incense and offerings to support snakes. The snake demon shows that it makes people around sick and can't be cured in the hospital. They have to find the witches and men who support snakes. When the patient goes to the witches and men who support snakes to burn incense and kowtow, he will be cured. From then on, the patients have to burn incense and kowtow to the snake essence and its companions at home, and become the slaves who serve them for generations. This is because the snake essence needs human spirit as the food for their growth. The witches who support snake spirits are captivated slaves, because any snake spirits will make people sick and rich, because they are pure Yin, and their Yin Qi will let people release Yang Qi to achieve balance with them, which will destroy the balance of yin and Yang in human body, and people will have all kinds of "sub-health symptoms", and gradually become real diseases, so they need to be hospitalized（ 4) The witches and men who provide for snakes, under the guise of the Lord, bewitch people. Their words and deeds are completely contrary to the Enlightenment of Genesis and revelation. There are many kinds of snakes all over the world. All the sects that "don't let Christians become Christ" are in the same family as the Witch and male Witch who support snakes. They are all the spokesmen of the devil（ 5) Plants grow for 50 years. The invisible snake spirit family usually lives on the big tree, which is why the "ancient god tree" is very smart. The "monasteries, Taoist temples and churches" of religion are all great magic caves, in which there live the overlord. Missionaries are slaves possessed by the devil. This is why missionaries "do not let Christians become Christ".

(6) "The snake said to the woman: does God really say that you are not allowed to eat the fruit of all the trees in the garden?" this is no words to find words, because when communication begins, there is a chance for the woman to drink "Ecstasy"（ 7) Why does the snake say to the woman? Why doesn't the snake tell the man? Because the snake is very alert, it can instinctively feel the strength of the aura. The snake can instinctively feel the strength of Adam's aura, which shows that Adam has wisdom and will not be deceived. Snakes can instinctively feel the weakness of "women's" aura, which shows that women will be cheated if they have no wisdom. That's why snakes choose women between men and women（ 8) China's anti-corruption shows that many women in the official's family took bribes and took their men down the water, making them corrupt officials who were dismissed and investigated（ 9) A lot of heroes make great mistakes because of women. Although Many heroes' great success is also due to women. Successful men always meet virtuous women. Men who make major mistakes are all because they don't deal with the relationship with a woman“ It is the eternal theme of human society that "success by a woman, failure by a woman".

2. "3:2 the woman said to the snake," we can eat the fruit from the trees in the garden. "Ordinary women have low vigilance and don't know how to eliminate the evil of beheading.

3. "3:3 but the fruit of the tree in the middle of the garden, God once said," you shall not eat it or touch it, or you will die. "(1) it shows that there is a core problem that we should know first（ 2) "You shall not eat, nor touch, lest you die", which means that it is "forbidden fruit". This is to warn people that this is a "rule" that cannot be overstepped and a "law" that cannot be violated（ 3) There are two ways to explain people's words and deeds: "can" and "can't". It means that people can't indulge wantonly. They should know "what can be done and what can't be done"（ 4) If you indulge yourself, eat what you cannot eat and touch what you cannot touch, Death cannot be avoided . This is the rule of the Lord（ 5) Confucius "Analects of Confucius" volume six Yanyuan twelfth Confucius said: do not see, do not listen, do not speak, do not move. It means: you can't see things that don't conform to ethics, you can't listen to things that don't conform to ethics, you can't say things that don't conform to ethics, you can't do things that don't conform to ethics.

4. "3:4 the snake says to the woman: you may not die." (1) it shows that the devil is specifically against the Lord. This is what the Chinese often say: "the Tao（God） comes and the demons born,the devils disturbs the God way.". This is the true expression of "one Yin and one Yang is called Tao"（ 2) It shows that the devil is breaking the rules and admonitions set by the Lord. This is the devil's nature（ 3) It shows that the devil will destroy the rules and admonitions set by the Lord, which is the nature of the devil（ 4) It shows that the devil will distort and invert the rules and admonitions made by the Lord, and tell people a completely opposite statement to the Lord（ 5) It means that no one who does not fight against the Lord is not a devil.

5. "3:5 because God knows that your eyes will be bright on the day you eat, and you will know good and evil as God does." (1) because you listen to the lies of animals, are deceived, and are punished, and see the prison guards invisible on the ground in hell, that is, "your eyes will be bright on the day you eat."（ 2) "Bright eyes" is not from eating fruit at all. It inherits the experience and lessons accumulated by predecessors and has the great wisdom of distinguishing right from wrong. A woman who listens to the lies of animals will be deceived if she can't react and has no lofty ideological realm（ 3) Eating can't make people "know good and evil", only the experience and lessons accumulated by predecessors can make people "know good and evil", which is known by normal people. The woman who listens to the lies of animals is confused and deceived（ 4) The Lord knows that the day you eat it violates the rules and warnings of the Lord, which means that your eyes are dark, that you can't know "good and evil, right and wrong", and that you drink the "Ecstasy" of the devil.

Genesis 3 disobeying the Lord (3:6-21)

6. "3:6 And when the woman saw that the fruit of the tree was good for food, and pleasing to the eyes, and pleasing, and able to give wisdom, she took it and ate it; Then she gave it to her husband, and her husband ate it too. "(1)" when a woman sees that the fruit of that tree is good for food, it is pleasing to people's eyes, and it is likable ", which shows that women are greedy for people's appearance, and that women do not pay attention to connotation and essence（ 2) "The fruit of that tree is good for food, pleasing to people's eyes, and likable", which arouses women's desire and makes them "lust for wisdom"（ 3) Coveting "can make people have wisdom" shows that women have no wisdom（ 4) "The fruit of that tree is good for food, pleasing to people's eyes, and can make people have wisdom". This is everyone's "greed". The devil is to make people be "greed", arouse people's desire and let people be deceived. In fact, the devil is not powerful. It is people who can't control their "greed and desire" that make the devil pervasive（ 5) "Just pluck the fruit and eat it." they don't know how to verify the devil's words, and they don't see whether they are like the devil's saying, "their eyes will be bright, just as God can know good and evil." they "give it to her husband again, and her husband will eat it too." this is "self error and self harm"（ 6) When he entered Christianity, he did not become a Christ like Jesus. He did not reflect on whether he had learned Christianity or not. He was eager to "promote Christianity" and brought his relatives, friends and neighbors into Christianity. This is "just pluck the fruit and eat it."; Then she gave it to her husband, and her husband ate it too. "This is" self wronging others, harming self and others. "（ 7) There are so many "women" around us who are cheated by the devil. They turn a large number of normal people into the slaves of the devil. They rush into hell in droves and think they are immortal.

7. "3:7 when their eyes were bright, they knew that they were naked, so they took the leaves of fig tree and made a skirt for themselves." (1) it shows that the snake didn't lie to deceive women, because "their eyes were bright." then can we listen to the snake's instruction? If the snake is right, it will not be punished by the Lord. Therefore, we have to find out the reason why "their eyes are bright"（ 2) Out of curiosity, the woman also wanted to verify "the Lord and the snake." who said it right, "she picked the fruit and ate it; After eating, the man asked the woman: which tree is the fruit you gave me? Women say, "forbidden fruit.". The man asked the woman: which one should we believe when you say "the Lord and the snake"? The woman replied, "of course it's the Lord. The man asked the woman: what should we do after eating the forbidden fruit? The woman replied: we should apologize to the Lord and show repentance（ 3) The LORD was very happy to hear the dialogue between them. He was worthy of "Adam". They're free from capital punishment. It wasn't the Lord who gave them wisdom, it was they who were born with shame. They knew right and wrong, and how to deal with the problems that violated the Lord's rules properly. They made great progress, so their eyes became bright, and they knew that they were naked, and they thought they should cover the hidden parts, so they took the fig leaves, Make a skirt for yourself.

8. "3:8 and a cool wind came up, and the LORD God was walking in the garden. When the man and his wife heard the voice of God, they hid themselves in the trees in the garden to avoid the presence of the LORD God: (1) "it's a cool wind, and the LORD God is walking in the garden", which means that autumn is coming, and it belongs to gold in the "five elements" (gold, wood, water, fire and earth), which means that the Lord in Chinese is called gold mother of yaochi, but its name and pronunciation are different（ 2) When the man and his wife heard the call of God, they hid themselves in the trees in the garden to avoid the presence of the LORD God. Because they did not abide by the warning and rules of the Lord, they ate the forbidden fruit and felt that they were wrong（ 3) Stealing fruits and fasting is the beginning of human original sin and all other sins, and all this "is not at all" because God has given human free will, because God has made "explicit provisions" in advance. They are misled by snakes to steal forbidden fruit, which is not true "free will". The real "free will" is to do what you can't help but do what you want, rather than being misled by others.

9. And the LORD God called the man, and said, where are you The LORD called "Adam" and said to him, "where are you. Because the Lord knows where Adam is.

10. "3:10 he said," I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked, and I hid. "(1) when I heard your voice in the garden, I was afraid, not because I was naked, but because I did not obey the warning and rules of the Lord（ 2) It just said "knowing that I'm naked, I'll take the fig leaves and make a skirt for myself", but here it says "because I'm naked, I hide". Obviously, this is a metaphor; It is also a "word barrier" that deliberately misleads people（ 3) I ate the forbidden fruit and didn't abide by the warning and rules of the Lord. I felt as shameful as "naked". So I was ashamed to see you, so I hid.

11. "And the LORD said, who told you to be naked? Did you eat the fruit of the tree that I told you not to eat（ 1) It's not that I really "know that I'm naked", it's because I ate the forbidden fruit and didn't abide by the Lord's warning and rules. I feel like I'm naked and shameful（ 2) "Eat the fruit of the tree that I told you not to eat", because you did not abide by the warning and rules of the Lord, feel like "naked", feel shameful（ 3) Those who do not abide by the warning and rules of the Lord, who are not vegetarian, who tell lies, and who are not ashamed, are not the descendants of Adam, but the demons inferior to animals.

12. The man said, "the woman you gave me and lived with me, she gave me the fruit of the tree, and I ate it." (1) Adam said, "the woman you gave me and lived with me, she gave me the fruit of the tree, and I did not ask where it came from, so I ate it. After eating, I asked her. I knew it was forbidden fruit（ 2) It shows that "Adam" is very honest and has "the courage to take responsibility".

13. "The LORD God said to the woman," what have you done? The woman said, "the snake enticed me, and I ate." (1) the LORD God said to the woman, "what have you done? You even listen to the animal snake's words, to break my "warning and rules", you are not afraid to lose your life and die？（ 2) The woman said: because the snake seduced me, I listened to its "beautiful lie", didn't think so much, confused for a moment, ate it. After eating, we realized that we "did not abide by the Lord's warning and rules". We were all ashamed of our eating forbidden fruit.

14. "The LORD God said to the snake," since you have done this, you will be cursed more than all animals and beasts; You will walk with your stomach and eat the earth all your life. "(1)" say to the snake, you have done this thing. "Say to the snake, you have misled others to violate the warning and rules of the Lord（ 2) "Curse" is a kind of vicious language that expresses resentment for what is going to happen now and in the future, and means that people who have made mistakes should be punished（ 3) "You will be cursed more than all animals and beasts." you will be punished, and you will be lower than all animals and beasts, because your heart is mean and evil（ 4) "You have to walk on your stomach." you have to walk on your stomach（ 5) "Eating soil all one's life" is not that one can only eat small animals on the land for food all one's life, but that one can only walk by rubbing scales on his stomach with the ground.

15. "I will make you and the woman hate each other; Your descendants and the descendants of women are enemies of each other. The descendants of women will hurt your head; You have to hurt his heel: (1) "you have to make you and women hate each other", because you dare not cheat the men who are knowledgeable and powerful, but only the women who are not intelligent, kind and weak（ 2) "I want to make you and women hate each other", which means that the devil will specially cheat women who are not intelligent, kind and weak, and have little resistance. Everyone should remember, especially women（ 3) "Your descendants and women's descendants are enemies to each other." the descendants of snakes will not dare to cheat intelligent and powerful men like "Adam", but can only specially cheat women who are not intelligent, kind and weak, and have little resistance（ 4) "Women's descendants will hurt your head", which means that if you cheat women, women will hurt your head（ 5) "You want to hurt his heel" means that the snake follows the woman, waiting for an opportunity to instill "Ecstasy" into the woman, and let the woman become a tool for the snake to corrupt "the Lord's warning and rules". If the woman's vigilance is not high, she will be "hurt her heel" by the snake.

16. "And he said to the woman," I will increase more the pain of your conception, and you will suffer more when you give birth. You will adore your husband, and your husband will rule over you. "(1) the Lord also said to the woman," you do not listen to the rules of the Lord or the admonition of men, but you believe the words of animals, so you hastily destroy the "rules of the Lord and the admonition of men", which shows that you are ignorant; Explain that you can't stick to principles; It shows that you lack the strong will to adhere to the truth and are easy to be disturbed and changed; It shows that you play with life and death; You don't know the value of life; It shows that you don't know how to cherish the rare life. Therefore, "I will increase the pain of your pregnancy, and you will suffer more when you give birth to your children" as a warning to you. Don't forget the painful process of giving birth to your own children, so that you can always be alert and prevent your shortcomings from being repeated（ 2) In view of the lack of your nature, the lack of independence and careful thinking, the lack of quality conditions that you should have as a leader, the lack of talent to manage others, and the inability to become a leader of your family, you must adore your husband and he must govern you“ "Jurisdiction" is not slavery, but the responsibility and obligation of protection and supervision“ "Governing you" means having the responsibility and obligation to protect and supervise you.

(3) Yin and yang are the unity of opposites and are mutually rooted. When a man becomes a husband, he needs a good wife to help him. Troops without logistic support cannot win a battle. Men can't make contributions without fully supporting women as logistics support（ 4) Another important connotation of Yin Yang and five elements is "Yang in Yin, Yin in Yang"“ "Yin in Yang" is just like sunspots in the sun, "Yang in Yin" is just like the moon itself, which can not shine, but can reflect the sunlight to make itself bright. Therefore, there will be many men who are not manly and are cowardly "pseudo women". There will also be a lot of women who are not as gentle as women. They are heroines who are wise, courageous and superior to men（ 5) There is a Chinese saying that "a good wife is the blessing of three generations". It is also called "a good wife prospers three generations". It means: a virtuous woman, who can take good care of a man's parents and become a "good daughter-in-law", can make a man have a warm harbor and become a "good wife", can educate a good child to be a "good mother", is the blessing of the three generations of a man's family and prospers the three generations of a man. Of course, there will be all kinds of losers（ 6) A woman makes a home. Men are the mainstay of the family, while women are the "dinghaishen needle" of the family. A woman is an encouragement for a man when he is down and discouraged, and a support for him to fight together when he is hard. Only with the trust and support of women can a man reach the top of his career. Women determine the height of a man's life. Women are the first life tutors of children's tutoring quality. Women should not only be filial to their parents, but also to the parents of men, which is the greatest thing for women. Therefore, it is your blessing for a woman to "adore your husband and your husband will rule over you", because a woman without her husband's jurisdiction (protection) should act as both a man and a woman（ 7) In real life, there is a kind of masculine woman who makes her husband not live to 60 years old by "nagging incessantly". There are also "black sheep" who "have a good wife at home, but he doesn't love them, but only love lewd women"（ 8) Fate comes and ends,Don't complain as usual,It belongs to nature.

17. "And he said to Adam," since you have listened to your wife and eaten the fruit of the tree which I told you not to eat, the earth will be cursed for your sake. You will work hard all your life to get food from the earth. "(1) gold, wood, water, fire and earth are the five elements. Five kinds of morality, benevolence, righteousness, propriety, wisdom and faith, virtue of five elements, true seed of heaven and earth, and sacred way. Five kinds of morality is the virtue and nature of the five elements. Therefore, wood nature benevolence (benevolence is straight, belonging to wood), gold nature righteousness (righteousness is just, belonging to gold), fire nature propriety (propriety is bright, belonging to fire), water nature wisdom (wisdom is wise, belonging to water), earth nature faith (earth is thick, belonging to faith), the truth of heaven and earth's creation, the theorem of consistency of all things（ 2) Native letter; The earth is thick, and it belongs to faith; Earth is the earth. If we do not keep our promise, we are short of land, that is, the land is not square, honest and honest（ 3) You not only listen to your wife's voice, but also "eat the fruit of the tree that I told you not to eat" without asking where the fruit came from in advance. You did not abide by the "warning and rules of the Lord" and violated the "warning and rules of the Lord". You did not keep your promise and did not fulfill your promise. Therefore, you should be responsible for your "failure to keep your promise and fulfill your promise Cursed is "faithless to the Lord."（ 4) You have to work hard all your life to cultivate the crops yourself so that you can get food from the land（ 5) "Get food from the ground" is the "explicit rule" that people should not eat meat. It is the "explicit rule" that people should be vegetarian（ 6) National law is "the warning and rule of the Lord". Those who do not abide by the laws of the state are cursed for "breaking faith, not fulfilling promises, and breaking faith with the Lord."（ 7) The five commandments of "killing, stealing, lusting and drinking" are "the warning and rules of the Lord". All religious people who do not abide by the five commandments are cursed for "not keeping their word, not fulfilling their promises, and breaking their faith in the Lord.".

18. "The earth will give you thorns and thistles, and you shall eat the vegetables of the field." (1) "thorns" thorns are thorns without thorns; Thorn, is jujube, thorn. They often grow in clumps. It also refers to small shrubs with spines growing in the mountains and fields. Thorns are the most likely to block the road, which is also used as a metaphor for difficult and dangerous situation or chaotic situation. Tribulus terrestris grows in sandy land, wasteland, hillside, residential areas and other places. The fruit spines are easy to adhere to the hairs of domestic animals and damage the quality of the fur（ 2) "The land will give you thorns and tribulus". The land will increase the difficulty and obstacles for you to cultivate crops and harvest food（ 3) "You also need to eat the vegetables in the field." you also need to grow vegetables in the field and eat the vegetables you grow（ 4) "You should also eat the vegetables in the field", which is the "explicit rule" that people should not eat meat, and it is the "explicit rule" that people should eat vegetarian.

19. "You will live with sweat until you return to the earth, for you came out of the earth. You are the dust, but still return to the dust: (1) "you must sweat to live, until you return to the earth". As long as you live, you must sweat, work hard, and get food. Don't just eat the fruit of the tree, overcome laziness, don't get something for nothing, and live on your own（ 2) Because your body (incarnation) comes from the earth, and it is also the nature of the earth. It is destined that you will deal with the earth all your life（ 3) Your body is made of dust. After you die, your body (incarnation) will return to dust. The soul of your life (body, God and Margo) will become Christ, and you will be able to return to the kingdom of heaven with your original God (Dharma, nature and GOG).

20. "3:20 Adam named his wife Eve, because she is the mother of all living beings": (1) "Eve" is translated for Protestant, and Roman Catholic for "Eve"“ Eve (English) n. KK: [i v] DJ: [I: v] in Hebrew, it is similar to "life", so the name "Eve" is related to survival（ 2) The word "WA" originally meant a mature and beautiful woman《 The explanation of "WA" in ShuoWenJieZi is: yuanshenmu (appearance). In other words, Wu Chu's leisure (between) is called good Yue wa. From the female, Guisheng“ The original meaning of "good" is also beauty. We can infer that in the Han Dynasty, when the word "WA" was first used, it meant "beauty" and was used to describe mature women. In Yuan and Ming Dynasties, the word "WA" was often used and spread with the meaning of northern dialect, and the age of "WA" was lower. In today's slang, in addition to the nickname of intimacy, "WA" is more used for infants（ 2) Eve is the mother of all living beings. This is because from the beginning of "Adam and Eve", there was a real human being. Before that, there was an ape（ 3) In China, there is an ancient woman similar to Eve, called Nu Wa“ The myth of "Nuwa made man" is very similar to "Adam and Eve". Nu Wa's "kneading earth to make man" in the wa palace is very similar to the Lord's "Adam" made of dust（ 4) "Adam" is China's "Fuxi" and "Eve" is China's "Nuwa". But the legend of "Fuxi and Nuwa" in China is far more detailed than that in foreign countries. This is because China is "the first river of Eden" and "the Eden of pishon River".

"3:21 the LORD God made clothes for Adam and his wife out of skins, and clothed them." (1) "the skins for making clothes" are not animal skins, but plant bark and leaves（ 2) It's not true that "the LORD God made clothes out of leather for Adam and his wife", it's to guide them to "make clothes out of leather", it's to let people get enough food and clothing through invention and creation（ 3) People "use leather to make clothes", which is an important sign to distinguish people from animals, and it is also an important sign for people to enter the real stage of human civilization.

Genesis 3 expulsion from the garden of Eden (3:22-24)

"3:22 and the LORD God said, that man is like us, knowing good and evil. (1) the LORD God said, "Adam and Eve, who I made, are" similar to us ", because they know what shame is and know that they have not abided by the Lord's warnings and rules. They are just as shameful as" naked ", which means that they can also" know good and evil, truth and falsehood, right and wrong, right and wrong It shows that they know the truth that "the way of heaven and earth is nothing more than Yin and Yang", and that they have become people in the true sense and have the qualification to become masters of the earth（ 2) As long as they "practice one breath" to "three flowers gather at the top, five breath towards the yuan", they can "reach out and eat the fruit of the tree of life", they can become Christ like Jesus, they can see death as if they are not fallen, and they can live forever in the kingdom of heaven and live forever.

（ 3) In terms of "learning Buddhism and cultivating Taoism", people's understanding of God (soul, body and MAGOG) in this life is active, Yang and sun; The self nature from heaven (Original Soul, Dharma body and GOG) is passive, yin and moon. After Fuxi (4811-4709 BC) completed his mission of creating human beings, he learned "practice one breath inside" (planted the "tree of life") through the guidance of his mother (the Lord), refined to "three flowers gather at the top, five Qi Dynasty yuan", realized "life meets, heaven and man are in one", became the Christ and lived forever in the kingdom of heaven, known as "Fuxi boiling sticky sun and moon". This is the process of "picking and eating the fruit of the tree of life".

（ 4) After completing the mission of creating human beings, through the guidance of her mother (the Lord), Nu Wa learned to "practice one breath inside" (planted the "tree of life"), and refined to "three flowers gather at the top, five Qi move towards the yuan" (five color stone; five color stone); intangible reality) realized "life meets each other, the unity of heaven and man", became Christ, returned to heaven, made up for the lack that heaven only sent down Yuanling to the world (just like "Heaven leaks a big hole") but could not return to heaven. Chinese people call it "Nuwa refining stone to clear the sky". This is the process of "picking and eating the fruit of the tree of life".

（ 5) Both Fuxi and Nuwa became the "golden elixir" through "practicing one breath inside" to became the Christ and eternal in Heaven，“ He picked the fruit of the tree of life and ate it. This kind of "golden elixir road of Taoism" has been handed down to today. It has a long history and can be called a wonderful flower in the world. Because here is "the garden of Eden on the pishon River", where "the gold is good; There are also pearls and agates.

"3:23 then the LORD God sent him out of the garden of Eden to cultivate the land from which he came out." (1) "the garden of Eden" is a small area with rivers and fruit trees, where "Adam and Eve" were tested and began a life of adaptability in the world（ 2) After the "forbidden fruit" incident, they found that they were full of spirituality and had the mission of building a paradise on earth, "so they sent him out of the garden of Eden" to find a suitable place for him to cultivate and develop the land he needed to exchange his labor for food and clothing.

So he drove him out. In the east of the garden of Eden, cherubim and flaming swords were set up to guard the road of the tree of life: (1) "driving him out" means "driving him out of the garden of Eden", which is "blind without ears"“ "Driving him out" is an exaggeration in literature. In fact, it is not really "driving him out". It is to give him more space for development and allow him to explore a larger area, because he has the ability to "set up a group company"（ 2) "In the east of Eden" is an inverted sentence, which should be "at the East's Eden", which is the east of the world, in "the Eden on the pishon River"（ 3) "Installation", safe setting, long-term setting（ 4) "Cherub" means Bole (uncle, uncle and master) who "becomes the basic way of Christ", and is the one who "guards the way of the tree of life"（ 5) "To guard the road of the tree of life" means to guard the road of the tree of life by "cherubim". Find the Lord's authorized person "cherub" (preacher, missionary), and find the "way of the tree of life".

（ 6) "So I drove him out. When Adam went out of the garden of Eden and cultivated the land from which he came out, in the east of the world, "the garden of Eden on the river pishon", who had set up the "road of guarding the tree of life" for a long time, began to plant the "tree of life" and make people become Christ and the kingdom of eternal Heaven. It shows that "the Eden on the pishon River" is much earlier than the other three Edens.

（ 7) "The sword of fire that turns around" is the "wheel of four lives and six ways" created by the Lord. If you don't have a sword of wisdom, a teacher of enlightenment, or a Christ whose eyes are like fire, you will be blocked by the wheel of four lives and six ways, and you will not escape the reincarnation of four lives and six ways, and you will not plant the tree of life to achieve eternal life. To plant the "tree of life", we must learn "the only right way to make Christians Christ". When he learned "the only way to make Christians Christ", he planted the "tree of life"“ To make Christians the only Dharma of Christ (Baiyang Buddism) is the "way to the tree of life" to realize eternal Heaven（ 8) Revelation 22:1 And he showed me a river of water of life, bright as crystal, flowing out of the throne of God and the lamb, in the middle of the streets of the city; There are trees of life on one side and on the other“ "Tree of life" is a disciple who practices "Baiyang Buddhism" in Zhongtian（ 9) "To guard the path of the tree of life" indicates that obstacles have been set up. Western countries have not yet passed on the "only right way for Christians to become Christ" to realize the eternal kingdom of heaven. It is still a long time, because human beings have just begun to multiply.

[Note: (1) the following is all about "cherubim". All these materials were compiled by the evil group of Jesus "hate the Nicolas", and they are all bewitching demons and heresies（ 2) "Repeatedly mentioned in the Old Testament and the New Testament revelation" is a common lie of the devil group, because "cherubim" only appears in the Judaism "Old Testament" except in genesis, but not in the Jesuit "New Testament revelation"（ 3) Wise Angel (Hebrew: כרוב； Cherub； Transliterated as jilub; Plural: Hebrew: כרובים； Cherubim； Jilubing is a supernatural object, which has been mentioned many times in the Old Testament and the New Testament. It is described in the Old Testament as a winged, obedient creature. According to Catholic theology, the wise angel and the blazing angel are one of the highest Angel classes. In the common Christian tradition, the two terms "cherub" and "angel" have been recognized as having the same meaning. Tiepolo, a great painter born in 1696, often painted children's heads with wings in his paintings. These angels with children's faces but no body were referred to as cherubim after the middle ages（ 4) Exodus 25:18-20: the ark of the covenant in Solomon's temple is also decorated with cherubim: two cherubim shall be hammered out of gold and placed at both ends of the mercy seat. Make one cherub on one end and one cherub on the other. The two cherubim shall be one at each end of the mercy seat. And cherubim shall spread their wings high over the mercy seat, and cherubim shall face to face toward the mercy seat.

（ 5) In the book of Ezekiel of the Old Testament, the Jewish priest (the incarnation of the devil) described the "cherub" (actually a devil image) as follows: 10:8 under the cherub's wings, there are hands. 10: And I looked, and there were four wheels by the cherubim, one wheel by one cherubim, and one wheel by the other cherubim; so it was for each cherubim; and the color of the wheels was like beryl. 10: As for the shape of the four wheels, they are all of one pattern, like a wheel in a wheel. 10: When the wheels go, they can go straight in all directions, and they do not turn. Wherever their heads go, they also go, and they do not turn when they go. 10: Their whole body, their shoulders, their hands, their wings and their wheels were full of eyes. So were the wheels of the four cherubims. 10: As for these wheels, I hear in my ears, "they rotate. 10: Each cherub has four faces. The first is the face of a cherub, the second is the face of a man, the third is the face of a lion, and the fourth is the face of an eagle.

Li huaizhu published at 11:47 on August 7, 2017 and edited xuanwushan, Longyao County, Hebei Province at 19:17 on August 8





