Old Testament 1 Genesis 1 God Created Heaven and Earth
Explanation: (1) genesis is the first chapter of the Old Testament. Don't think that Genesis is the classic of Judaism.Genesis is a "book of heaven" that existed before Judaism, but it was regarded as a "Jewish classic" by Judaism priests《 Genesis is not a Jewish classic. Remember that.

（ 2) Because there were very few literate people in ancient times, a few literate Jews misinterpreted, profaned and kidnapped genesis, making it a tool for them to "do evil by God, bewitch people, and harm people's lives". After genesis, they fabricated a large number of demons and heresies, pretending to have continuity classics for genesis, so there was "Judaism".

（ 3) Is Judaism really blaspheming and misinterpreting genesis? When we know the Scripture of Genesis, and look at the Judaism of the "Old Testament classics" after genesis, you will suddenly understand“ The Judaism in the Old Testament Scriptures is totally opposite to the Enlightenment of God in Genesis.

Genesis 1 God created heaven and earth (1:1-25)

1. At first God created heaven and earth（ 1) The only true God is the invisible and omnipresent infinite vacuum. It is the air that existed before heaven and earth. It is called "infinite, innate, Tao, nature, Buddha nature, destiny, angel, nature, innate energy" and so on. Because "the only true God" gave birth to "heaven and earth" from nothingness, it is "the old mother of the universe born of nothingness", abbreviated as: mother of the universe, Virgin Mary of the infinite, mother of God, mother, creator, etc. Others are: wuliangshou Buddha, Mingming God, Wuji Tianzun, yaochi Jinmu and so on. In short, there are dozens and hundreds of different names. The purpose is to enlighten your wisdom, let you know everything, be well-rounded, knowledgeable and versatile（ 2) Because the "creator" is the earliest, the invisible source of all things, and the root of all things, also known as "the first, the original, the beginning, no beginning", so the old mother and the original can be described as "one body and two sides", which is why Jesus called the "creator" the "heavenly Father"（ 3) Tao Te Ching is a mixture of things. It is born in nature, lonely and lonely. It is independent but not changed. It can be regarded as the mother of heaven and earth. I don't know its name, so the strong word is Dao, and the strong word is da. The doctrine of the mean of Confucianism is called nature. Frankness is called Tao. Cultivation is called teaching. The way also, can't leave in a moment; Can leave, not road also（ 4) "The only true God" is "one", and "one" is connected end to end, that is O, O is the infinite circle. Expanding o is "one". To connect "one" end to end is o; O. It is Wukong; Wukong, is from the (one) back to nothing (o)（ 5) The five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism and Taoism" all preach according to heaven's order. However, although the name is different, the reason is the same.

Confucianism is based on "cultivating one's nature with one's heart" and "loyalty and forgiveness".
2. Buddhism is based on the principle of "understanding one's mind and nature, uniting all laws" and "compassion".

3. Taoism is based on the principle of "cultivating one's mind, cultivating one's nature, holding one's mind" and "induction".

4. Christianity is based on "washing the heart, changing the nature, praying silently for one" and "fraternity".

5. Islam is characterized by "firmness of heart, return of halal" and "benevolence".

Although the words and expressions of the five religions are different, their meanings are the same. If you can't find out the reason for the "five religions", it means that you don't understand the essence of any one religion, and that you are hindered by the dross of the five religions.

（ 6) Taiji is the birth of Wuji. Taiji is one Yin and one Yang, which is the "heaven and earth". Wuji is "alpha, the first and the beginning", Taiji is "Omega, the last and the end"（ 7) "Tao connects heaven and earth" means that Tao gives birth to heaven and earth, and all things in heaven and earth are the appearance of Tao after it is unfolded, so all things in heaven and earth have the nature of Tao (the nature of Tao). Heaven is the pure Qi, so it rises to heaven and Yang. The earth is turbid gas, so it is deposited into the earth, which is Yin（ 8) Positive, active, sunny, positive energy, men, good people, fame and wealth, good health, spring blossoms, wish come true, the front of the object, the angel Christ who saves people, what can be seen with eyes, clear and lofty, the sun, and so on, are all Yang. Negative, passive, dark, negative energy, women, bad people, diseases and money, freezing, blocking, the opposite of the object, Satan and devil who do harm to people, what can't be seen with the eyes, chaos and massiness, the moon, and so on, are all Yin.

（ 9) "God creates heaven and earth", the only true God is Wuji, Wuji produces Taiji (heaven and earth), Taiji is one Yin and one Yang. Wuji is one, Taiji is two“ All things "have always been, exterior and interior, and are evolved by Taiji, which is produced by Wuji. It is three and Huangji. This is "Tao generates one, two, two generates three, and three generates all things", also known as "Tao runs through three poles, one Qi turns into three clearness"“ Everything is a relatively independent heaven and earth.

2. "1:2 the earth is empty and chaotic, and the surface of the abyss is dark; The spirit of God runs on the water（ 1) The "chaos" in the limitless emptiness becomes the earth and the earth because of its massiness“ Chaos is opaque, it's dark inside（ 2) "The spirit of God" is the invisible, ubiquitous and real existence of "the reality of non reality", which is the limitless Qi. Wuji is Qi. Qi generates water. Qi is the mother of water. If there is no Qi, there will be no water. Therefore, when we are tired, drinking water can restore our physical strength, which is to supplement the consumed strength. This is why it is said that "the Tao is the same, you can't leave in a moment."; Can leave, not the reason of "Tao also"（ 3) Water is essential for the survival of plants and animals. If there is no water, there will be no plants and animals. Therefore, there is an invisible "spirit of God" in plants and animals, that is, there is Tao and spirituality（ 4) There are blood, semen and other liquid substances belonging to water in the human body, so there is "the spirit of God running" in the human body. The primordial gods (Gog, Dharma body) from heaven, and those who know the gods (Magog, paoshen, Jingqi) because of the breath of the lungs, are all "spirits of gods"（ 5) If any part of the human body is attacked and invaded by foreign forces, it will hinder the "spiritual movement of God", and that part will feel sore and numb. For example, if the eyes are damaged and can't see clearly, there is an obstacle in the "spiritual movement" of the eyes.

3. "God said," let there be light. There is light. ":（ 1) Congenital one energy (QI) can produce clouds, clouds can produce rain, rain can produce earth, earth can produce stone, stone can produce fire, fire can produce light, and Buddha in light is "the only true God, creator, God and no mother"（ 2) Without God, there would be no universe, no light. God was born into heaven and earth, and created countless stars with the essence of Yang, which broke through the Dark Universe and formed the Milky way. God let the universe and the planet, according to the predetermined orbit.

4. "1:4 God saw that light was good, and he divided the light from the dark.":（ 1) Light is the sun that breaks through the darkness and makes the universe alive, so "light is good.". Each glowing and hot star is a relatively independent "Yang essence", the angel of God's birth, and the mission of breaking the dark of the universe in their respective positions（ 2) He said that the people who are positive, lofty in thought, knowledgeable and versatile, and who have broken ignorance are all the messengers of light and are "good". It is not called good that can't break away the ignorant（ 3) Like Jesus, he scolded the Jewish and church as a "false scribe, blind guide", which means that it is "good" to break through stupid and ignorance and to break through the dark and foolish. It is not "good" that can't break stupid and ignorance and can’t break through darkness.

(4) With light, the darkness is separated. Without light, you can't separate light from darkness. Darkness is the opposite of Yang (Christ) and Yin (devil). The darkness is to stop the vitality and show the stagnant dead air. Darkness is Satan, devil, death, dead, disease, grave, den and hell（ 5) Like Jesus, those who are not afraid of power and have courage to expose the true face of the devil group are the messengers of light, and Christ, whose "eyes are like fire" and whose "mouth has two blades of sword", is "good". who can't be like Jesus, who is the incarnation of the devil who can't "separate the light from the dark"（6) The church group allows Christians to "chant hymns and prayers and do charity", which is to prevent Christians from "separating light from darkness". In fact, it allows Christians to practice blindly in the dark without light and become slaves of the devil.

4. "1:5 and God called the light day, and the darkness night. There was evening, there was morning, it was the first day. ":（ 1) It is light that breaks through darkness and folly, and it is the messenger of God. Let Christians take what Jesus didn't do as "Christian doctrine", that is, they can't break the darkness and stupidity. It's night. Such people are the messengers of the devil（ 2) There is a dark night, there is a bright morning, this is the first day, this is the first lesson of Christians, is the first truth should know. If Christians do not know what is "the Enlightenment of Christ and the Enlightenment of the devil", just as they do not know what is "day and night", they will inherit "the Enlightenment of the devil" as "the Enlightenment of Christ"; Christians are clearly enslaved in the devil's den and can only go to hell. They still think that they will live forever in heaven（ 3) "Night" is "Omega, the last, the end", which is Yin, moon, darkness, devil, disease, death, false, bad, den, hell“ "Morning" is "Arafa, the first, the beginning", is the sun, the sun, the light, the Christ, the health, the life, the true, the good, the heaven（ 4) "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the first", "evening" is "Omega, the last, the last"“ "Morning and evening" goes round and round, that is to say, "Wuji generates Taiji, Taiji returns to Wuji, nothing comes from nothing, and there is no mutuality". God's creation of man (Tai Chi) means that "the limitless begets Tai Chi". Man (Tai Chi) should become Christ and return to the limitless kingdom（ 5) "It's the first day." this is the first lesson that Christians should learn. This is the first time to explain "there is morning and there is night", which is to remind Christians to know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong". At the same time, it's also a reminder: it's not Christ, it's devil that makes you not know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong" and makes you "take false as true".

6. 1:6 And God said, let there be air between the waters, and let the waters be up and down（ 1) "There should be air between the waters" is to let oxygen dissolve in the water, so that there is oxygen in the water, so that plants and animals can grow in the water, and water becomes the source of life（ 2) "Water is up and down" and "up" on the horizontal plane is Yang; Below the horizontal plane is Yin.

7. "So God made the air and separated the water under the air from the water above the air. That's it. ":（ 1) "God makes the air", so the air has the characteristics of God. "God and air" are both invisible, but they are really the "source of the reality, the infinite, the Tao and life". People can't live without air, and they can't live without God, so people should be grateful to God when they live. Confucius (551-479 B.C.) said in the ZHONG YONG doctrine of the mean that "the Tao can not be separated in a moment; This shows that Confucius has become the Christ (the son of God). If he had not become the Christ, there would not be such a saying（ 2) "Water under the air" is the snow on the earth's surface, in the rivers, lakes and seas, and the dew of plants on the land（ 3) "Water above the air", in the lowest layer of the atmosphere, is the cloud, rain, snow and hail in the troposphere（ 4) From the ground to within 10-12 kilometers of this layer of air, it is the lowest layer of the atmosphere, called the troposphere. The main weather phenomena, such as cloud, rain, snow, hail and so on, occur in this layer. Above the troposphere, up to about 50 kilometers high, is called the stratosphere. The air in the stratosphere is much thinner than that in the troposphere, where there is very little water vapor and dust, so there is little weather. From above the stratosphere to 80 km, some people call it the mesosphere, where the temperature decreases with altitude. The space above 80 km to about 500 km is called thermosphere. The temperature in this layer is very high and varies greatly day and night. From about 50 kilometers above the ground to about 1000 kilometers high, this layer is called the ionosphere. The beautiful aurora is in the ionosphere. More than 500 kilometers above the ground is called the outer atmosphere, also known as the magnetosphere. It is the outermost layer of the atmosphere and the region where the atmosphere transits to interstellar space. There is no obvious boundary outside（ 5) With an atmosphere on the earth's surface, the basic conditions for plants and animals to grow are thus established（ 6) The surface of the earth is visible. It's inside and it's Yang. The atmosphere that surrounds the earth is invisible, it's outside, it's cloudy. You understand that "Yin and Yang" are such things that are "exterior and interior" to each other, enlighten your wisdom, make you think, and make you different from animals.

8. "God called the air heaven. There is evening and there is morning, the second day. ":（ 1) "The air is the heaven" is the pure Qi, which is Wuji, arafa, the first, the beginning, the creator, the old mother, the primitive, and the heavenly father（ 2) "Night" is "Omega, the last, the end", which is Yin, moon, darkness, devil, disease, death, false, bad, den, hell“ "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the beginning", is the sun, the sun, the light, the Christ, the health, the life, the true, the good, the heaven（ 3) "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the first", "evening" is "Omega, the last, the last"“ "Morning and evening" goes round and round, that is to say, "Wuji generates Taiji, Taiji returns to Wuji, nothing comes from nothing, and there is no mutuality". God's creation of man (Tai Chi) means that "the limitless begets Tai Chi". Man (Tai Chi) should become Christ and return to the limitless kingdom（ 4) "It's the second day", which is the second lesson for Christians and the second truth that Christians should know. This is the second explanation of "there is morning and there is night", which reminds Christians to know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong". At the same time, it's also a reminder: it's not Christ, it's devil that makes you not know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong" and makes you "take false as true".

9. "And God said, let the waters of the earth be gathered together in one place, and let the dry land come out. That's it. ":（ 1) "Water should be gathered in one place". When water flows to a lower place, it becomes rivers, lakes and seas. The high is the dry land exposed（ 2) The separation of land and water has become a problem（ 3) Water will flow, it's Yang. The five elements of land are earth, static and Yin. To prevent the flow of water embankment, is the soil in the Ke water. Water flooding will also destroy the dam, the formation of water soil, which is anti gram. When you have these "Yin Yang and five elements" insights, you are different from animals, and the things that educate you become like this.

10. "1:10 God called the dry land the land, and the place where the water gathered was called the sea. God sees it as good. ":（ 1) Above the water, the dry land without water is land. The land is the sea where the water accumulates（ 2) Land is surrounded by the sea, so it is warm and moist, and can generate everything. Therefore, "God is good at it."（ 3) To manage delusions, build reservoirs and save water are all to make water "gather". This is the consciousness and habit of "God is good at seeing". It is not good to know "saving water", and we should correct the mistakes.

11. "1:11 and God said, let the earth bring forth grass, and herbs that bear seed, and trees that bear fruit, according to their kind, with seed in their fruit. That's it. ":（ 1) The creator sows seeds on the ground and moistens the seeds with water. When the seeds germinate in the warmth of the sun, there will be "grass and vegetables bearing seeds, and trees bearing fruits"（ 2) Although the shapes of all things are different, they are not separated from the five nature categories of "gold, wood, water, fire and earth", which are the performance of five forms in operation“ Although grass, vegetables bearing seeds and trees bearing fruits are all wood, they can be divided into five categories because of their respective forms（ 3) The flesh of the fruit is on the outside. It's a visible surface. It's Yang. The core in the flesh is invisible, but it is Yin“ The fruits are all covered with seeds ", which is the expression of exterior and interior, yin and Yang. Therefore, a fruit is a Tai Chi. Everything else has the same situation as fruit, so there is no place without Tai Chi. When you have these "Yin Yang and five elements" insights, the things that enlighten you become like this.

12. "1:12 and the earth brought forth grass, and herbs bearing seed, according to their kind; And every tree that bears fruit, according to its kind, has a seed in its fruit. God looks good. ":（ 1) "The grass and vegetables bearing seeds in the field are classified according to their types; Every tree that bears fruit has its own kind, and its fruit has its own core. "This is also the manifestation of" Wuji Shengtai ". Once a year, it is staged from the beginning to the end, from the beginning to the end, there is something out of nothing, and from the beginning to the end, there is nothing（ 2) "God looks good" means that plants are operating according to God's rules. If human beings destroy the forest and grassland vegetation at will, they will destroy the ecological balance, disobey God's will, or do something "God looks bad"（ 3) Seeing that "God looks good", we immediately think of what "God looks bad". This is the difference between man and beast. If you don't know how to think, you're not as good as a beast.

13. There was evening and there was morning, the third day（ 1) "Night" is "Omega, the last, the end", which is Yin, moon, darkness, devil, disease, death, false, bad, den, hell“ "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the beginning", is the sun, the sun, the light, the Christ, the health, the life, the true, the good, the heaven（ 2) "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the first", "evening" is "Omega, the last, the last",“ "Morning and evening" goes round and round, that is to say, "Wuji generates Taiji, Taiji returns to Wuji, nothing comes from nothing, and there is no mutuality". God's creation of man (Tai Chi) means that "the limitless begets Tai Chi". Man (Tai Chi) should become Christ and return to the limitless kingdom（ 3) "It's the third day", which is the third lesson for Christians and the third truth that Christians should know. This is the third time that "there is morning and there is night" is to remind Christians to know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong". At the same time, it's also a reminder: it's not Christ and it's devil that Who makes you not know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong" and makes you "take false as true".

14. "God said, let there be light in heaven, that it may divide day and night for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and for years."（ 1) The only true God is the first light body. The only true God is born with one energy, transformed by one light, and transformed into Buddha in the light. It is originally nameless, and its name is Wuji invisible. Nothing is innate. If there is, it is the day after tomorrow（ 2) It has its own energy and can emit light and heat. A dark object that breaks through with light and warmth is the "light body"（ 3) What is illuminated by light is day, what is not illuminated by light is night（ 4) Give "day and night, mark", measure day and night carefully, divide day and night into several stages, there will be 24 hours（ 5) According to the time period of receiving different intensities of sunlight, the season is set（ 6) The day is produced by the sun, the sun is the sun, and the day is produced by the sun, just like the son of the sun, which is called day（ 7) the time in one year, withers and thrives once each year is different.

15. "And let it shine in the sky, and let it shine on the earth. That's it. ":（ 1) "Shine in the sky" is the great wisdom of high and bright（ 2) "Shine on the earth", we should have a bright heart, don't have shady thoughts, words and deeds, don't harm others when they don't know, we should be aboveboard and magnanimous（ 3) You know what darkness is, that is, "shine in the sky, shine on the ground.". If you don't know that Judaism practising the Old Testament is a group of demons, you don't know what darkness is. is "there are will no light in the sky and there are will no light on the earth”. When you understand this, you learn from Christianity and become Christ, and that's it. If you don't understand this truth, you will go to hell by mistake.

16. And God made two great lights, the greater to rule the day, and the lesser to rule the night, and the stars（ 1) God made two great lights, the great one was the sun, which ruled the day. The small one is the moon, which governs the night（ 2) The sun, governing the day, is the essence of Yang; Sunspots in the sun are called “Yin” in the Yang“ The small tube night, the stars "is the essence of darkness, the Yang of yin and the essence of Yin. 3) God made, have the nature of God, the sun god and the moon god“ All the stars are an angel.

17. And he set these lights in the sky, and spread them upon the earth（ 1) "Put these lights in the sky" and become the Milky way in the Dark Universe（ 2) These lights are arranged in the sky and shine on the ground. With the temperature of the land, plants and animals can grow.

18. "1:18 manage day and night, separate light and dark. God looks good. ":（ 1) "Managing day and night" means "work at sunrise and rest at sunset". Don't turn black and white upside down. This is "conforming to nature", which is good. If you don't sleep at night, have no spirit during the day, turn black and white upside down, if you don't "conform to nature", then you don't "manage day and night", it's not good（ 2) "Separate the light from the dark. God sees it as good. If we can't "separate the light from the dark", it's not good. It is not good to be not alert to the clever swindlers, not to know what "wolf in sheep's clothing" is, not to know what "upgraded Judaism" is, not to know what is the devil group under the guise of Christianity, not to "distinguish between light and shade", and to be deceived without knowing.

19. There was evening and there was morning, the fourth day（ 1) "Night" is "Omega, the last, the end", which is Yin, moon, darkness, devil, disease, death, false, bad, den, hell“ "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the beginning", is the Yang, the sun, the light, the Christ, the health, the life, the true, the good, the heaven（ 2) "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the first", "evening" is "Omega, the last, the last"“ "Morning and evening" goes round and round, that is to say, "Wuji generates Taiji, Taiji returns to Wuji, nothing comes from nothing, and there is no mutuality". God's creation of man (Tai Chi) means that "the limitless begets Tai Chi". Man (Tai Chi) should become Christ and return to the limitless kingdom（ 3) "It's the fourth day", which is the fourth lesson of Christians and the fourth truth that Christians should know. This is the fourth time that "there is morning and there is night" is to remind Christians to know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong". At the same time, it's also a reminder: it's not Christ, it's devil that makes you not know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong" and makes you "take false as true".

20. "1:20 and God said, let the water abound with living things, and let birds fly above the earth and in the sky."（ 1) "Water should breed more living things", and water becomes "water of life and living water". We can't "breed living things", that is, "stagnant water, sewage, poisonous water"（ 2) "Birds fly above the ground, in the sky", above the ground and in the sky have vitality, become rich and colorful, flexible and lively.

"1:21 And God made great fish, and all living creatures in the water, according to their kind; And he made all kinds of birds after their kind. God looks good. ":（ 1) "So God made big fish and all kinds of living animals in the water; They also created all kinds of birds, which shows that they are all Taiji born from Wuji, and they all have the process of "beginning, end" (birth, aging, illness and death)（ 2) "the great fish and the water are all kinds of living animal", are the essence of water, the essence of water is the spirit of God, and they are evil spirits, because they all rely on killing life. 3) "Big fish and all kinds of living animals in the water; All kinds of birds are egg laying, and new life comes out of the egg shell, such as fish and birds“ "Oogenesis" is one of the four reproductive forms of "wet egg fetalization"（ 4) "Big fish and all kinds of living animals in the water follow their own categories; And he made all kinds of birds after their kind. We should be obedient to God's "values and outlook on life". We should be kind to these living animals and treat them as human friends. If you eat them for your own sake, you will not comply with God's "values and outlook on life", which is not good for God（ 5) When we see that "God looks good", we should first think of what is "God looks bad". If you don't know what "God looks bad", you don't know what "God looks good", and you don't know why God says "God looks good".

“1:22God blessed them, saying, multiply, and fill the waters of the sea; Birds should live more on the ground（ 1) "Breed various, full of water in the sea", the water in the sea becomes the water of life, and the life in the water is the water spirit（ 2) "Birds should also live on the ground", so that the sky and the ground are full of vitality（ 3) Animal life is a "blessing of God". What about killing (eating) animals? It's killing lives, bullying the small and bullying the weak, forcibly depriving them of their right to live, and making the "blessing of God" fail. It not only makes animals resent, but also causes God's punishment（ 4) God's blessing to all these "living" land and water animals is to give them the right to live. As for "killing each other" within their own clan, it is their internal affairs and their way of life. As outsiders, we human beings should show understanding and respect（ 5) We should eat plants, grains, vegetables and fruits. Grain, vegetables and fruits are the food God has blessed us with.

1:23 There was evening and there was morning, the fifth day（ 1) "Night" is "Omega, the last, the end", which is Yin, moon, darkness, devil, disease, death, false, bad, den, hell“ "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the beginning", is the sun, the sun, the light, the Christ, the health, the life, the true, the good, the heaven（ 2) "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the first", "evening" is "Omega, the last, the last"“ "Morning and evening" goes round and round, that is to say, "Wuji generates Taiji, Taiji returns to Wuji, nothing comes from nothing, and there is no mutuality". God's creation of man (Tai Chi) means that "the limitless begets Tai Chi". Man (Tai Chi) should become Christ and return to the limitless kingdom（ 3) "It's the fifth day", which is the fifth lesson of Christians and the fifth truth that Christians should know. This is the fifth time that "there is morning and there is night" is to remind Christians to know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong". At the same time, it's also a reminder: it's devil that makes you not know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong" and makes you "take false as true",not Christ is.

God said, let the earth give birth to living creatures, each according to his kind; Livestock, insects and wild animals are of their own kind. That's it. ":（ 1) "Each following its own category" means having its own rules and methods（ 2) "Livestock, insects, beasts, each according to its kind", each has its own rules and methods（ 3) Some animals cannot survive without feeding. The "livestock, insects and beasts" raised by human beings should repay human kindness, and "livestock, insects and beasts" exchange the continuation of species by offering their bodies. Ordinary people eat them because they don't believe in religion, out of ignorance. Religious people must not eat, otherwise, they will create cause and effect and suffer consequences（ 4) God wants to "give birth to living things, each according to its kind."; Livestock, insects and wild animals follow their own categories. "We are not the same as them. To kill them is to kill life, to" produce dead things ", to bully the small and the weak, to forcibly deprive them of the right to live, and to violate God's will to" produce living things ". Of course, we will be punished by God（ 5) If you accept my explanation, you will have the basic conditions for a Christian to become a Christ. If you accept "the Enlightenment of Christ", you will be able to become a Christ.

So God made wild animals according to their kind; Livestock, each according to its kind; Every insect on the earth is of its own kind. God looks good. ":（ 1) "God made wild animals, each according to its kind; Livestock, each according to its kind; All the insects on the earth follow their own categories. "We humans are not one of them. We have no reason to kill them at will, unless they attack humans. In self-defense, humans can make them retreat and drive them away properly. It is good for God to see our reasonable words and deeds（ 2) Animals, animals, are viviparous. Some insects are oviparous, some are hygroscopic. Hygroscopic (predestined): it means to be born from dampness, such as crickets, moths, mosquitoes, midges, gnats, and numb insects. They are born in places where feces are gathered, injected, dirty toilets, carrion, congee, clumps of grass, ponds, rivers, etc.

Genesis 1: making man in his own image (1:26-31)

26、“1:26 God said, "let us make man in our image, in our likeness, to rule over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over the cattle of the earth, and over all the earth, and over all the creeping insects of the earth."（ 1) "We will make man in our image, in our likeness." that is: we will make man in the image of our God, in the likeness of our God. That is to say: what we are, what the God of heaven is. There is no difference between the appearance of man and God, but there is a great difference in the realm of thought（ 2) Man is made according to the pattern of God. Everyone is an "angel and Christ", but he does not accept the "Enlightenment of Christ". His ideological realm is far from that of "angel and Christ"（ 3) The creation of human beings in the form of the gods "enables them to manage the fish in the sea, the birds in the air, the livestock on the ground and all the insects on the ground", which shows that human beings are a manager of the earth and that everyone has his own life mission entrusted by God, responsible for "the fish in the sea, the birds in the air, the livestock on the ground and all the insects on the earth, And all the insects crawling on the ground "follow their own categories, live in their own places, live in harmony, and live their own lives (not being attacked and died by people), making the global village full of vitality and variety（ 4) "The fish in the sea, the birds in the air, the livestock on the ground and all the insects crawling on the ground" are the pets of people and the public property of the global village. Anyone who kills an animal is a criminal who embezzles public property.

And God made man in his own image, but in his image he made men and women（ 1) The only true God creates human beings according to his own image. "The only true God" is the God who creates human beings. Chinese people affectionately call her: The Wuji father,The Wuji mother,The Mother,The Grandmother and Universe Mother.（ 2) Because "men and women are created according to His(Her) image", everyone is God's "Royal child, angel, Christ, son of God".

And God blessed them, and said to them, be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the earth, and govern it; And over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over every living thing that moves on the earth（ 1) "To have a large number of children, cover the ground" is because the land is very wide and needs all kinds of people（ 2) Building a paradise on earth is the real "governance of the land". Let the people on this earth become a harmonious world with common cultivation and common goals, which is the real "governance of this land" and "God blesses them"（ 3) If the people on this earth do not have the common cultivation and common goal, they are divided into different groups, do their own affairs, praise themselves and destroy them, there will be no harmonious world, nor "governing this land", but "dividing this land"“ Those who divide the land will not be blessed by God. They are all incarnations of the devil, and can only be blessed by the devil（ 4) "We should also manage the fish in the sea, the birds in the air, and all kinds of living things moving on the ground." we should provide convenience and conditions for their reasonable survival, and do not let these low-level animals be abused and slaughtered by human beings.

29, "1:29 God said," look! I will give you all the seed bearing vegetables and all the fruits of the trees on the earth for food. ":（ 1) This is God's "commandment."（ 2) This is God's "no meat" ban（ 3) This is God's "command and written provision" to be vegetarian（ 4) Don't worry about this sentence, for their "breaking the precepts to kill" to find an excuse, are the incarnation of the devil（ 5) Whoever kills animals for God's sacrifice, no matter what title or position he has, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking the God who "does not eat meat, does not kill animals, and wants to eat vegetarian"（ 6) Judaism's doctrine of "killing animals and offering sacrifices to God, being accepted by the Lord and making atonement for him" is that the devil misleads the ignorant people to bribe the upright and selfless God. It is that the devil enlarges people's selfish desires, makes people learn to protect their weaknesses and selfishness, and makes people become the farce of "hiding one's ears and stealing one's bells and going in the opposite direction". This is the behavior and mentality of the despicable devil（ 7) God said, look! I will give you all the vegetables bearing seeds on the earth and all the fruits bearing seeds on the trees as food. Your food is pure natural green food and nutritious herb. As long as you keep the five commandments, you can return to heaven（ 8) "Caution" is a religious law that forbids some improper behaviors of believers“ "No killing" means no killing and no eating of animals“ "No killing order" is the order of "no killing, no eating the flesh and blood of animals"（ 9) Five precepts: first, "do not kill, do not eat the flesh and blood of animals."“ "No killing order" is an order not to kill. Second, it is not allowed to steal property in various forms. Third, it is not allowed to have sexual relations with the opposite sex other than the wife (husband). Fourth, no lying. Fifth, no drinking.

As for the beasts of the earth and the birds of the air, and every living thing that creeps on the earth, I give them grass for food. That's it. ":（ 1) As for the beasts of the earth, I give them grass for food（ 2) I give to the birds of the air every living thing that crawls on the earth for food（ 3) "Human beings, animals on the ground and birds in the air", what should they eat for food, God has explained to you. This is the rule. Whoever breaks the rule of God will be punished by God（ 4) This is how the rules of what people, animals on the ground and birds in the air should eat for food are formulated.

God saw that everything he had made was very good. There was evening and there was morning, the sixth day. ":（ 1) "God sees that everything he makes is very good" because "at the beginning of human beings, nature is good and nature is similar". Later, under the influence of the bad environment, he broke the rules as a last resort, and things happened to destroy the lives of things; In the future, killing things became a "common thing" that everyone had done. God enlightened people through priests. As a result, the priest's heart became crooked, and became a tool to bewitch people and harm people's wisdom under the guise of the Lord. Later, God allowed the king to appear, and the "monarchy system" ended the priest's "political and religious unity"（ 2) "Night" is "Omega, the last, the end", which is Yin, moon, darkness, devil, disease, death, false, bad, den, hell“ "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the beginning", is the sun, the sun, the light, the Christ, the health, the life, the true, the good, the heaven（ 3) "Morning" is "Arafat, the first, the first", "evening" is "Omega, the last, the last"“ "Morning and evening" goes round and round, that is to say, "Wuji generates Taiji, Taiji returns to Wuji, nothing comes from nothing, and there is no mutuality". God's creation of man (Tai Chi) means that "the limitless begets Tai Chi". Man (Tai Chi) should become Christ and return to the limitless kingdom（ 4) "It's the sixth day", which is the sixth lesson of Christians. It's the sixth truth that Christians should know. This is the sixth time that "there is morning and there is night" is to remind Christians to know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong". At the same time, it's also a reminder: it's not Christ, it's devil that makes you not know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong" and makes you "take false as true".

Li huaizhu published on August 4, 2017 at 16:44 Xuanwushan, Longyao County, Hebei Province





