Old Testament 1 Genesis 7 The doctrine of Noah's Ark is to make Christians be Christ
Genesis 7 Noah enters the ark (7:1-16)

1. "7:1 and the LORD said to Noah, go into the ark, you and all your family, for in this generation I have seen you righteous before me." (1) the way of setting up heaven in shuoguazhuan is Yin and Yang; The way of site is soft and hard; The way to build people is benevolence and righteousness“ "Benevolence" means that people love each other. Justice is the right thing. Cut things and make them suitable. Just and appropriate principles or actions, in line with justice or public welfare, upright and chivalrous（ 2) "Righteous person" is a kind person, a chivalrous and upright person who can do things properly and benefit people and things（ 3) To abide by the rules of the Lord in genesis, not to eat "forbidden fruit", not to eat meat or vegetarianism, not to take plunder for one's own selfish interests, not to harm things, is the "righteous man"（ 4) In order to prevent killing in the world, he killed his younger brother and became a "Cain" who cultivated his own land, ate vegetarians and did not eat meat, killed butchers and protected animals. He was brave, righteous, chivalrous, jealous of evil, selfless, and had a clear conscience（ 5) "4:24 And if Cain be slain, seven times the vengeance shall be; If you kill Lamech, seventy-seven times the vengeance shall be, "which shows that" Cain and Lamech "are" righteous. "（ 6) Jesus scolded Judaism as "Woe to the hypocritical scribe and blind guide", and Jesus was "the righteous man". Christians do not have the words and deeds of Jesus, are not true Christians, are "unrighteous people", are demons who corrupt Christianity from the inside under the guise of Christianity.

（ 7) The LORD said to Noah: you and your whole family are different from ordinary people in their ideological consciousness. The righteous and chivalrous people who are compassionate and jealous of evil are all "righteous people". You should all enter the ark and accept the Enlightenment of the Lord and become Christ (the son of God)（ 8) People who want to improve themselves, become your disciples and accept your enlightenment, no matter where they come from, they are your family（ 9) No matter in which generation, there are righteous people. They are the elites sent by the Lord to educate the world and the backbone of a nation.

2. "7:2 for every clean animal, take with you seven males and seven females; For unclean animals, you should bring one male and one female: (1) if we understand "clean animals" as those who eat grass and do not eat meat, 14 of each, it will be a huge number, therefore, it is not a real animal（ 2) If "unclean livestock" is understood as two meat eaters, it will be a huge number. Therefore, it is not a real animal（ 3) What's more, it's impossible for all animals to listen to Noah's command, let alone come to Noah's Ark. Even if they come up, carnivores will instinctively eat grass. How many cages will Noah build to isolate these animals? How long does it take Noah, even a carpenter, to build it? Therefore, these "word games" must have "secrets", which can not be understood by normal people.

（ 4) Because the lung has breath, and some "soul.". The soul of life is masculine, the God of man's knowledge (body and Magog), living in the liver“ "Soul" is negative and lives in the lung“ "Soul" is in charge of the physiological activities of the human body. The imbalance of soul activities shows seven emotions (joy, anger, sadness, fear, love, evil and desire), namely "seven thoughts and thoughts"“ The seven kinds of thoughts and thoughts that are not shown in the heart are yin and mother“ There are seven kinds of thoughts and thoughts, which are Yang and Gong. This is the "seven males and seven females" that everyone carries. The soul is in the human body, and Yin is also the turbid Qi in the human world, which is attached to the visible body. If there is spirit, there will be "seven emotions and six desires", which will pollute the quiet Yuanshen (Dharma body and gege), and it will be impossible for Yuanshen to show the true features of "no difference with God"“ The "clean" means that there is no "seven emotions and six desires", that is, "the elimination of the soul", people will not be greedy for life and fear of death, but will let the "soul" get rebirth, let people become bold, extraordinary courage, death as if to return to heaven“ Every "clean" is Christ, and the unclean is beast.

（ 5) People have to go through "birth, aging, illness and death" in this life, and "eat, drink and sleep" every day. Therefore, the "unclean animal" is the same human body (body, incarnation) as all animals（ 6) With the birth of the human body, the primordial God (angel, Dharma body, Gog, self nature, and God like Christ) has become the king who dominates the human mind; Jesus is called "king of the heart, Gog" in revelation（ 6) In this life, the consciousness of God (soul, body and mage) is the "essence, Qi and spirit" of human kidney essence. Although the soul lives in the liver, the kidney is its standard, because the kidney is water and the liver is wood.Consciousness has the nature of lust, so in the book of revelation, Jesus is called "the great adulteress sitting on the water, Magog"“ There are many such "irony" as "big prostitutes sitting on the water". In fact, they are masculine, who know God in this life (life soul, body and mage). Chinese Taoism is called "Fuxi"（ 7) The knowledge of God (soul, body and Margo) in this life is positive, because the active and enterprising one who wants to become the eternal kingdom of Christ is the knowledge of God and "one justice". In order to know God in this life, you need to find The Messager, go through hardships, and go through all kinds of hardships. Only in this way can you see the original God (Dharma body, gogur) become Christ. Therefore, the original God is passive, negative, and "one mother"（ 8) Become the helmsman of the "Ark" authorized by the Lord, practice according to law, let Magog (soul, body) see Gog (God, body) and become the Christ like Jesus. If you do, you will live forever in heaven. Eternal Heaven, let Gog (God, Dharma body) return to the standard, that is Gog (soul, body) back to heaven（ 9) This is the original meaning of "unclean animal, you should bring one male and one female", which is described by Jesus in Revelation 17. If we understand Chapter 17 of revelation, we will know that it is Jesus' detailed and limited explanation of this place. This is the true "the only right way for Christians to become Christ" that Jesus did not spread or could not spread during his lifetime.

4. "7:3 The birds in the air also need to take seven males and seven females, so they can keep their seeds and live on the whole earth." (1) the imbalance of spirit activities shows seven emotions (joy, anger, sadness, fear, love, evil and desire), so it is also called "seven Spirits", because it has different performances with the changes of the outside world, just like the "flying birds in the air". It can be divided into two categories: one is the "idea" which is not expressed in the heart, which is Yin and mother; The other is the "idea" expressed by Yang and Gong. This is the "seven males and seven females" that everyone carries“ Seven Spirits "is the essence of human body and skeleton, so it is called" secluded spirit, earth soul ", and it is the" Yin God, incarnation, human self, and guarding corpse soul "of Yuanshen in human life.

（ 2） “ The "three spirits" are called "Shuangling, Taiguang and Youjing" by Qiu Chuji, and "Yuanshen, Yangshen and Yinshen" by the Danding school after Ming and Qing Dynasties. They are also called "tianhun, minghun and dihun". In fact, they are the "three bodies" (Dharma body, Baoshen and incarnation) of Buddhism. The spirit of heaven is the original spirit (gege, Dharma) from heaven, so it is called Shuangling. The soul of life is a kind of "knowing God" due to the breathing of human lung, so it is named "Tai Guang". It is the "Yang God, body, life, consciousness, perception, mage" of human life (Neidan is called "Huang Ya, congenital Qi, true Yang"). The earth soul is the essence of the human body and skeleton, so it is called "Youjing". It is the "Yin God, incarnation, human and me, guarding the corpse soul" of the yuan God in human life, which is the "seven Spirits"（ 3) After the death of man, the earth soul becomes the soul of guarding the corpse. It has nothing to do with age. No matter how many years ago, as long as there are bones, there will be "soul guarding corpses". This is because "the soul of the earth" is the essence of the human body and the "Yin Qi" opposite to the Yang spirit of "Yuan Shen" and "Shen Shen". When a man is alive, he is an organism with a balance of yin and Yang. After his death, he is left with a "earth soul" Yin Qi. When you arrive at the cemetery, you will feel gloomy, which is the expression of the existence of "guarding the corpse soul"（ 4) There is also a gloomy feeling in the room where people have died. As long as he doesn't live to 60 years old, he will die prematurely, or commit suicide before he reaches the damned age, there will be a situation that the "corpse guarding soul" will not leave the room, and the hell will take him away when he reaches the damned age（ 5) "Soul guarding corpse" can move within 100 meters of the earth, just like a fish in a fish tank, because it is Yin. When people swim in Qi, they can't see it; Fish in the water, fish can not see the water“ "Soul guarding corpse" is in the middle of the earth, but there is no earth in sight（“ Keep the corpse soul "to the bone colonization into the earth is safe! Bones can't get into the earth, can't get the nourishment of the earth's atmosphere, "guarding the corpse soul" is not peaceful, and later generations are "rootless trees"! There won't be great achievements, and they won't last long.)

（ 6) Within 100 meters, the "ghost guardians" of different families interfere with each other, because the frequency signals are not the same (just like the incompatibility between two different browsers of a computer), and some of them suffer losses and some of them shine. The environment around the cemetery (height, road, water, tree, building, etc.) determines the aura of "guarding the corpse soul"“ The spirit of "guarding the corpse soul" is good, and the cause of future generations is strong“ There is spirit but no master in mountains and rivers, and there is master in bones and bones. "Bones use the spirit of mountains and rivers for their own use and benefit future generations. Every great man will have a good ancestral grave. Ancestral grave is the "root" of this life. Otherwise, on the contrary [cemetery is a geomantic taboo, never use]（ 7) This is the reason why human bodies "can be planted and live on the whole ground"（ 8) Corpses "can be planted and live on the whole earth", is a Chinese discipline, called "geomantic omen"“ Geomantic omen is a natural science for the Chinese nation to understand, use and benefit nature, and it is also a practical application of human science. That's why "gold is good" in "garden of Eden on the pishon River"; There are pearl and red agate reasons.

4. "7:4 For in seven days' time, I will rain on the earth forty days and forty nights, and destroy all living creatures I have made from the earth." (1) "rain on the earth forty days and forty nights" is also a way of exaggeration, which is to see if you have wisdom of "examination questions, Longmen". If you believe it, you are "blind without ears". Because it doesn't need 40 days and nights at all, four hours is enough for flash floods to overflow the river, thus washing away the urban and rural areas in the river basin（ 2) It's not really "exterminating all kinds of living things I've created" because rainstorms are always local and can't be global at all. There is not a garden of Eden, and the education of each garden of Eden is not the same.

5. "7:5 And Noah did as the LORD commanded": so Noah did as the LORD commanded. This was thousands of years earlier than Jesus, the first time in the western world that people went back to heaven.

6. "7:6 when the flood overflowed on the earth, Noah was six hundred(sixty) years old": when human society was full of material desires, did not know how to control their desires, acted recklessly, had no law, did not believe that the Lord really existed, and did not abide by the rules made by the Lord, it was "the time when the flood overflowed on the earth.".

7. "7:7 Noah went into the ark with his wife, his son and his daughter-in-law to escape the flood." (1) this is the third time that Noah said, "Noah went into the ark with his wife, his son and his daughter-in-law." the purpose is to make you selfish and narrow-minded. You are not allowed to take care of others. You are only allowed to take care of your family and everyone. If you think so, You are "blind without ears" and say that you have been brainwashed by the "Judaism group". Because this is the Lord's "examination question, dragon's gate", if you believe it, it means that you have been misled because of the "unknown surrender"（ 2) If Noah only saved his wife, son and daughter-in-law, he would not be a "righteous man."（ 3) If Noah is a "righteous man", he should, like Jesus, save out to the ignorant as much as possible, so that those who do not know about Noah's Ark know that the Lord is saving people. As for those who believe in the coming of disaster or not, it is their own business. If Noah does not tell everyone about the Lord's "Noah's ark," he will be either "unrighteous."（ 4) We advise you not to indulge in extravagance, but to observe the five Commandments (killing theft, adultery and wine), that is, to let people "all enter the ark and escape the flood". If Noah does not tell everyone about the Lord's "Noah's ark," he will be "unrighteous.".

8. "7:8 clean animals and unclean animals, birds and all the insects on the earth": (1) it's not true. It's a test. It's the "enchantment array" of the Lord. If you can see through, it's Christ. If you can't see through, you're a fool（ 2) "Livestock, birds and all the insects on the earth", there is no "clean and unclean", because there are "eat, drink, Lazar, sleep, live, grow, die and die", all come to fulfill the mission of the Lord.

9. "7:9 are a pair of land, male and female, to Noah to enter the ark, as God commanded Noah": (1) the knowledge of God in this life (soul, body, Magog) is positive, because the enterprising, to become the eternal kingdom of Christ is the knowledge of God, is "one male". In order to know God in this life, you need to find the messager, go through hardships, and go through all kinds of hardships. Only in this way can you see the original God (Dharma body, gogur) become Christ. Therefore, the original God is passive, negative, and "one mother"（ 2) A period of time is an "Ark". Because of the different times of mankind, the name of "Ark" is also different. For example, Sakyamuni's "Ark" is Buddhism, and Buddhism is "Sakyamuni's Ark". Confucius' ark is Confucianism, and Confucianism is Confucius' ark“ Go to Noah and enter the ark, because Noah built the ark with the exclusive authorization of the Lord; It's not Noah. No one else's ark can make a man become a Christ“ "Noah's Ark" only served a group of people in his time, and "Jesus' Ark" only served a group of people in his time, which is called "Fa Yun(法运)"（ 3) Ancient "Ark" can't make modern people become Christ, because the situation of human society has changed dramatically, "ancient law can't make modern people become Christ".

10. "7:10 after the seven days, the flood overflowed on the earth": (1) it is not true that "after the seven days", which means that everything that the LORD warned in advance will happen as scheduled（ 2) People act recklessly and disobey the rules, just like "flooding", which is the result of "heaven and man interaction". In the rainy season, the River breaks its banks, causing "flooding", and people suffer from their due causes and consequences.

11. "7:11 when Noah was six hundred years old, on February 17, all the springs of the abyss were cracked, and the windows of heaven were opened." (1) "Noah was six hundred years old" is a "writing barrier" given by the Lord to the scholars. If you believe it, you are "blind without ears". It can only be "Noah is sixty."（ 2) "February 17 that day", this is also the Lord to the reader's "writing barrier", is to see you know what season it is? It was "spring rain is as expensive as oil" in spring. It was impossible to "crack the spring source of the abyss" to increase the water yield in that season, and it was impossible to "rain heavily for 40 days and nights". Therefore, it indirectly shows that Noah's Ark is not a super wooden boat at all, and it is impossible to really carry "all the animals".

（ 3) "The spring of the abyss" is the place where the spring comes out and the source of the river“ There are two cases, one is because of drought and cracking, the other is normal water. In the "February 17" season, the dry season, spring water is normal at most, it is impossible to suddenly increase the water yield（ 4) "Window" is a small part of the house without walls. Generally, opening the window can increase the sunlight into the house“ "The windows in the sky are also open" means that the clouds dissipate and the sun shines, which is the opposite of "the windows in the sky are closed" (with dark clouds). This shows that there will be no heavy rain at all, and it is impossible to "rain for forty days and nights". Therefore, it indirectly shows that Noah's Ark is not a super wooden boat at all, and that gopher wood is not a kind of tree at all. To understand "gopher wood" as "mining" (cultivation) is closer to the original meaning of the Lord.

【（ 5) "The fountains of the abyss are all cracked", which means that Noah, by practicing the "inner practice of one breath" of the Yahweh religion, refined to the "three flowers gather at the top, five breath towards the yuan", and had the conditions to let Gog (self nature, Dharma body, yuan God) fly out of the body and become Christ（ 6) The Lord touched the top of Noah's head a little, and the "porch" was opened, so that Magog (knowing God, giving body and soul) could see his own Gog (self nature, Dharma body, primordial God, angel with God) and know who he was. Gog and Magog "met with each other in life, and heaven and man were in one." so Noah had the original power of Gog and saw the Lord. The Lord asked an angel to show Noah around the kingdom of heaven, to let him know how the kingdom of heaven enlightened the world, and what stage of human beings are now. This is "the window in the sky is open."（ 7) The day when "the window of heaven is open" is an unforgettable day in Noah's life. This day is the Chinese lunar calendar "February 17" recorded here, and the "40th day" for Noah to practice "one breath inside". In that year Noah was sixty years old（ 8) The LORD made Noah the first "missionary" in the western world. He built a sect called "Noah's Ark" with "practice in one breath", so that Noah's disciples could avoid the coming natural and man-made disasters and save a group of good people as the seeds of the new world in the future. Noah took the order and opened Noah's Ark.

12. (1) this is the Lord's "fabrication and lies" to enable you to read the old testament after Genesis to distinguish the lies of the demons of "Jewish priests" and to make you a Christ with "eyes like fire"（ 2) If you believe it, you can't tell the lies of the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament. You only can be a devil and go to hell.

13. "7:13 on that very day, Noah and his three sons, Shem, ham and Japheth, and Noah's wife and three sons' wives, entered the ark." (1) the Chinese "Yin Yang eight trigrams": qiankangenzhen, xunlikuntai（ 2) Noah uses Chinese Symbols: Qian, for heaven, for northwest, for Lao Yang, and for father“ Noah's wife "is a Chinese symbol: Kun, for the earth, for the southwest, for Laoyin, and for the mother（ 3) Shem Shem, which means: layered survivability evaluation method, choose harmonic elimination technology. With the Chinese symbol is: shock, for thunder, for the East, is the eldest son. Shem Shan's wife is Xun, who is the wind, the southeast, and the eldest daughter（ 4) Ham ham means: Amateur Radio enthusiast; Bad actor. Using Chinese symbols is: Kan, for water, for the north, is the second son. Ham Han's wife is Li, for fire, for due south, and the second daughter（ 5) Japheth dark Japheth plantation. Dark; dark; Dark black; Melancholy; melancholy; mysterious. With Chinese symbols is: Gen, for the mountain, for the northeast, is the three sons. The wife of Japheth was Dui, who was king, who was due west, and who was the third daughter.

（ 6) "Noah's wife and three children's wives", a total of eight people, is China's "Yin and Yang eight trigrams"“ His wife and three daughters-in-law all entered the ark, which means: "the doctrinal thought in Noah's Ark is the Chinese philosophy of" Yin Yang and eight trigrams ", that is, the Chinese" golden elixir road ", and that is" the only right way for Christians to become Christ "mentioned by Jesus in the book of revelation（ 7) The Lord asked Noah to build "Noah's Ark" is to make Noah the first "missionary" in the western world thousands of years earlier than Jesus. Noah and his disciples formed "Noah's Ark", which is not "Noah's wife and three daughters-in-law entered the ark".

（ 8) If only "Noah's wife and three daughters in law entered the ark", and even his "three daughters in law" did not bring in one, would they agree? His "three wives" would not agree as long as they were not animals（ 9) If only "Noah's wife and three daughters in law entered the ark", even his "three daughters in law's mother's family" did not take one into the ark, everyone said, can such "Noah" be regarded as a "righteous man"? Not only are they not "righteous people" who sacrifice themselves for others, but also "unjust people" who are selfish and narrow-minded（ 10) If only "Noah's wife and three daughters-in-law entered the ark", and even his "three daughters-in-law's mother" did not bring in one, the LORD would never take a fancy to such a "wolf hearted" Noah, and the LORD would not let such a selfish "unrighteous man" build the "Noah's Ark"（ 11) Therefore, "Noah's Ark" contains a large number of "test questions", and it is absolutely not to use any wood to build "super wooden boat". Anyone who believes it to be true is actually "blind without ears" and is a devil without wisdom.

【（ 12) Noah first taught his family how to practice one breath inside, that is, "Noah's wife and three daughters-in-law, all entered the ark.". Later, many of Noah's relatives and friends accepted Noah's education and became "righteous people" who were vegetarians, didn't eat meat, didn't do bad things, didn't lie, and acted bravely for a just cause

14. "7:14 they and the beasts, according to their kind; All livestock, according to their kind; The insect that crawls on the ground, each according to its kind; All birds enter the ark according to their kinds: (1) if you are a normal person, you will know that Noah can't do it anyway, because animals are not human beings, and they will not listen to Noah's nonsense of "entering the ark"（ 2) Therefore, this is the "enchantment array" deliberately set up by the Lord. If you are not moved by such words and know that this is a "test", you are "Christ with eyes like fire"（ 3) Why did the Lord make up so many false big empties? Because the devil is a liar, and the devil is full of lies. This is the special training of "lie recognition" that the Lord has given us to prepare for discovering and defeating the devil in the future（ 4) This is also the warning of the Lord to the world: you human beings do not listen to advice, we would rather go to save the beast than save you. Because a lot of people in this world are did really worse than animals.

15. "7:15 all living creatures with flesh and breath go to Noah one by one and enter the ark." (1) those who despise life and death, regard death as a home, act bravely for a just cause, uphold justice, be upright and chivalrous, and get rid of the evil are the "righteous people.". As a person, he is not a "righteous person", neither is a "living creature with flesh and blood and breath", nor a walking corpse without soul（ 2) "The walking dead without soul" will not listen to Noah's warning. They will regard the warning that "mankind's doom is coming and they are going to take refuge in Noah's Ark" as a lie. They will not "go to Noah and enter the ark" because they are "damned ghosts"（ 3) The people who should "go to Noah and enter the ark" are not only "Noah's wife and three daughters in law", but also a group of people. They will "come to Noah and enter the ark" at a certain time under the guidance of the Lord（ 4) Those who "come to Noah and enter the ark" will become Christ and return to the kingdom of heaven, for the Lord has their names（ 5) Their primordial gods (GOG and Dharma body) are passive feminine (mother), and their consciousness gods (Magog and paoshen) in this life are active masculine (male). This is "a pair" and "a natural pair". A "righteous man" who should return to the kingdom of heaven will, under the guidance of the Lord, go to Noah one by one and enter the Ark at a specific time.

16. "All flesh and blood that entered into the ark were male and female, just as God had commanded Noah. The Lord shut him up in the ark: (1) Jesus scolded the Judaism group as "a false good scribe, a blind guide", and used his own death to warn the world that Judaism is really a evil group, and people like Jesus are "living creatures with flesh and breath". People who are greedy of life and fear of death, and expect "God's blessing, and hope to meet the prayer" are all walking corpses with confused heart and dead soul, which is the opposite of "living creatures with flesh and breath"（ 2) Christians who hope for "God's blessing and fulfillment of prayer" are all "fighting with God and people, they are all defeated", they are not "Israel", but "Satan's"“ Chanting hymns and prayers "became" lambs raised by priests and priests ", which is the performance of" wrestling with God and people, they are defeated ", and they are not" Israelites ", but Satan's slaves（ 3) Those who "wrestle with God and people, and they are defeated" are the walking dead, who are the opposite of "living creatures with flesh and breath". They have no flesh and can't enter the ark. They will not enter Noah's ark, because "the door of Noah's Ark is open by the side", which is an unknown new sect, and will not be recognized by those of them who are greedy for brand-name authenticity“ At the beginning, the ark of Jesus was not recognized by the world. Jesus proved himself to be the right way with "the power of practice and proof"（ 4) "Having both the public and the female" means "having practice and certificate", that is to say what you have learned to the people around you. Mother is negative, passive, quiet, is the initial stage of learning. Public is masculine, active and positive, which is the moralization of words and deeds to persuade people to "abandon evil to good and return to nature"（ 5) "The Lord locked him in the ark." this was the initial stage of learning the teachings of Noah's sect, and it was the mother“ The time of "being locked in the ark" is very short, only a few hours, because we have to practice.

And the flood went over the earth forty days, and the waters went up, and lifted up the ark from the earth.

And the waters were great, and they went up greatly upon the earth, and the ark floated about upon the surface of the water.

The water was so great on the earth that all the mountains of the earth were covered.

20. (1) don't be frightened by the Lord's "alarmist talk". This is because the Lord is training us to get used to "alarmist talk" and learn to find flaws in "alarmist talk". Because "forcing death" is the devil's skill, so the Lord also tries us with his lies（ 2) Let's think about it. If "all the mountains in the world are submerged", is it still the earth? Isn't that water polo? Therefore, this is the Lord's "exaggeration" to test our wisdom（ 3) There won't be a situation where "all the mountains in the world are submerged." low lying coastal areas may be submerged due to sea level rise. The sea level will submerge the mountains that the earthquake has sunk（ 4) The landform of the Qinghai Tibet Plateau, the "roof of the world" we see today, was formed only after the Cenozoic Era (67 million years ago). For a long time before that, the region was once a vast ocean. In the 1950s, Chinese scientists organized many comprehensive investigations and brought back abundant and complete fossils.

All flesh and blood on the earth, birds, livestock, beasts and creeping insects, and all men, died;

Every living creature that breathed in the nostrils of the dry land died;

"7:23 all kinds of living things on the earth, including people, livestock, insects, and birds in the air, were wiped out from the earth, leaving only Noah and those who were in the ark with him." (1) Noah's Ark was a new sect in Noah's time, and Noah was the first missionary before Judaism. Judaism is a group of demons who use Genesis to do evil and harm people's lives（ 2) When the doomsday came, the "unrighteous people" who did not accept the Enlightenment of the LORD were killed by the doomsday. Those who remained in Noah's Ark were all Noah's disciples and "righteous" who accepted the Enlightenment of the Lord.

(1) these are all "writing barriers" to see if your mind is still normal（ 2) Any religion must "go in and come out"（ 3) Those who can't see through the "writing barrier" are "there is no way back", they are "blind without ears", and they are all "Satan's". The reality is always so cruel.

Li huaizhu published at 18:19, August 12, 2017, and edited xuanwushan, Longyao County, Hebei Province at 18:35, August 14, 2017

Qq / 

 

