Old Testament 1 Genesis 4 The reward of Cain
Genesis 4 begets Cain Abel (4:1-7)

1. "And it came to pass, when the man lay with his wife Eve, that Eve conceived, and bare Cain, and said, the LORD hath given me a man."（ 1) Adam and his wife Eve roomed together, and Eve became pregnant. The Lord arranged a male Angel (Cain) to be Adam's son. The male Angel (Cain) would like to be Adam's son. After Eve became pregnant, the fetus would have a "fetal heart" beat, and the child would be born normally. If the angel arranged by the Lord does not want to be Adam's son and refuses to go down to earth, the fetus after Eve's pregnancy will not have "fetal heart" beating, and the child will not be born normally（ 2) Therefore, it is not "the Lord has given me a man" that an angel is willing to be your son because of your own virtue. If you don't have virtue and are seen by the angel who is ready to be your son and refuse to be your son, you can't have a son（ 3) Shallow virtue, not enough to give the qualification of a boy, will be given to your girl（ 4) If you commit many evils and the people who are harmed by you ask for revenge, "The Child" will become the "black sheep" of your family. Through "extravagance, disease" and other forms, your family will be ruined. If you commit many evils and the people who are harmed by you ask for revenge, you will also be possessed by (male and female) evil spirits. After some farce, your family will be ruined（ 5) "The Lord has given me a man, the Lord has given me a man," and so on. Such words are full of the whole Bible and Christianity, which are the manifestations of Westerners being fooled by the devil group because of their ignorance.

2. "And he gave birth to Abel, Cain's brother. Abel is a shepherd, Cain is a farmer（ 1) Then Eve gave birth to a brother named Abel to Cain（ 2) Abel was suitable for herding and became a shepherd“ Cain became a farmer.

3. "And one day Cain took the fruit of the earth as an offering to the Lord."（ 1) Cain took the crops of the land as an offering to the Lord（ 2) Cain kept "1:29" and God said, "look! I will give you all the vegetables that bear seed throughout the earth, and all the fruit that bears seed from all the trees, for food; 3: And the LORD God sent him out of the garden of Eden to cultivate the land from which he came（ 3) It can be seen that Cain, Adam's eldest son, not only inherited Adam's lineage, but also inherited and fulfilled the regulations of the Lord on Adam, showing the good side of human nature（ 4) The nature of talent is nature, and nature is pure good without evil. Mencius said that nature is good, which refers to human nature（ 5) "The good side of human nature" is the nature and talent of "no difference with God"“ At the beginning of human beings, human nature is originally good, which means "nature" (from heaven) is self nature (Buddha nature, Original Soul, Dharma body, destiny, dragon, snow, mercury, GOG, etc.).

4. "Abel also offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of his sheep. And the Lord saw Abel and his offering（ 1) All Westerners think that this is true. In fact, this is the "irony" of the Lord. The purpose is to see if you have wisdom. As a result, you don't see how the Lord "prescribes" in front of you, but rashly think that this is true, which shows that you are all "meat eating demons"（ 2) When Abel saw that "Cain" took the crops of the land as an offering to the Lord, "he also offered the firstborn of his sheep and the fat of the sheep." it means that Abel killed the sheep and offered the "firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep" as an offering to the Lord（ 3) The after nature of human endowments is called Acquired temperament, which is pure evil without good. The evil nature advocated by Xunzi refers to human endowments. The evil nature is the emotion of "anger, hate, resentment, annoyance and Vexation" induced by material desire. Therefore, temperament is also called "Five ghosts", which makes people uneasy. It is also called "five poisons", which make people sick and die（ 4) What lies between "nature and after-nature" is acquired nature, which is called habit. Habits are both good and evil. "Near Zhu is red, near black is black" means habits（ 5) Man's sex is born of himself, and whatever he does, he will have it. It's up to man himself to do good and evil.

（ 6) Abel killed the sheep and offered "the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep". This is man's after-nature. It is the evil nature of bullying, invading and injuring. It is the opposite of the "vegetarianism" stipulated by the Lord in "1:29, 3:23", and it is a violation of the "commandment of killing"（ 7) Heaven does not kill, it is the source of life, it is the place to cultivate life, it is not "slaughterhouse"! Heaven's angels, all "eat wind and drink dew", do not eat at all, because the angel itself is a group of pure air. You don't even know such a truth, which means that you have been Brainwashed by the devil（ 8) If the Lord is a "meat loving animal", he will "like Abel and his offering". Is the LORD an animal that likes to eat meat? Does the Lord of heaven "eat animals all day to fill his stomach"? If the LORD did not "like animals that eat meat" or "eat animals all day to fill their stomachs", the LORD would not "like Abel and his offering".

（ 9) We looked down again: "4:15 and the LORD said to him, whoever kills Cain will be avenged sevenfold. So the LORD made a mark for Cain, so that no one would kill him when they met him. "This is the Lord's public protection for Cain, because Cain killed Abel, because Abel offered" the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep "to the Lord on the surface. In fact, it is a public slander by" destroying life. " Revile the Lord who gave birth to life.

5. But Cain and his offering were not valued. And Cain was very angry, and his face changed（ 1) It is not true that the Lord "does not like Cain and his offering". It is the Lord's pretending and deliberately deceiving Cain. In fact, the Lord is very "interested in Cain and his offering", because "Cain" has carried out the rule of "Adam" which the Lord told him very well and inherited the advantages of "Adam". The Lord is pleased in his heart, but on the surface, he does not show his love and appreciation for "Cain"（ 2) "Cain became very angry and changed his face," because Cain did not know that the LORD was deliberately provoking him, but also showed Cain's upright and fearless nature of God. Praise Cain! Praise Cain“ Cain has become Christ(son of god).

6. "And the LORD said to Cain, why are you angry? Why have you changed your face（ 1) Because "Cain" saw that "this LORD" had "taken a fancy to Abel and his offering". He not only did not criticize Abel's killing, but also showed his love and greed for "the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep" like the wild animals. He did not show any compassion for the life of the animals. How could Cain not be angry with such a devil like Lord（ 2) "God said," look! I will give you all the vegetables that bear seed throughout the earth, and all the fruit that bears seed from all the trees, for food; 3: So the LORD God sent him out of the garden of Eden to cultivate the land he came out of. "This was what the LORD said to Adam. He did not let Adam kill animals to satisfy his stomach. This was the reason why Cain was angry（ 3) And he explained that "1:26 made man to manage the fish in the sea, the birds in the air, the livestock on the ground, and all the insects on the ground". It was to let all kinds of animals "follow their own kinds" and let them "survive the fittest" within themselves. It did not let "man" kill the animals to satisfy their taste. This was the reason why Cain was angry（ 4) "The LORD God made man out of the dust of the earth. 2: All kinds of animals in the wild and birds in the air are created by the LORD God with soil. Therefore, human beings and animals are made by the LORD with soil. Animals use the same materials as human beings, and the functions of physiological system are the same. Speechless animals are like all kinds of vulnerable "disabled people". Human beings should take care of animals and let them "live to the end", We should not kill animals to satisfy our appetite. This is the reason why Cain became angry and changed his face.

7. "If you do well, will you not be accepted? If you do not do well, sin lies at the door. He will love you, but you will subdue him（ 1) To abide by the rules of the Lord in Genesis is to do well. Failure to follow the rules of the Lord in Genesis is "not doing well."（ 2) "If you do well, will you not be accepted?" if you abide by the rules of the Lord in genesis and are "well done", how can you not be loved by the Lord, be accepted by the Lord and be blessed by the Lord（ 3) "If you don't do well, sin lies at the door." if you don't abide by the rules of the Lord in genesis, you will not be loved by the Lord, will not be accepted by the LORD with joy, and will be punished by the Lord, because you have committed sin and have come to the gate of hell（ 4) "He will adore you, but you will subdue him." you have abided by the rules of the Lord in genesis and are "well done". The Lord "will adore you" and let the blessing belong to you. You only see the superficial attitude of the Lord, but you don't know the real thought in the heart of the Lord, because you are jealous of evil and show the justice of the "judge". You want to fight for the killed sheep, you want to subdue "this Lord". You are just and chivalrous, just a little reckless.

Genesis 4 begets Cain Abel (4:8-26)

8. "Cain was talking with his brother Abel, and they were in the field. Cain got up and struck his brother Abel and killed him."（ 1) "Cain talks with his brother Abel". Cain criticizes that it is wrong for Abel to "kill life" in exchange for the joy of the Lord, and he can not get the joy and blessing of the Lord, because the "killing sacrifice" is contrary to the rule of the Lord in genesis, which violates the Enlightenment of the Lord's loving life. "Abel" should change his ways“, "Abel" did not agree with Cain, "Abel" thought that I should eat the meat of my own sheep, "killing sacrifice" was right（ 2) "They were in the field, Cain got up to beat his brother Abel and killed him." Cain saw Abel's strong reasoning and showed the devil's evil nature of "killing life". In order not to let more lives die in Abel's hands and not to let Abel create more crimes, Cain killed Abel.

（ 3) Not only the ancient "Abel", but also all the people who "sacrifice the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep" to the Lord are criminals who should be killed by Cain. Kill Those who kill animals and sacrifice to God will also be protected by the Lord, because he is the angel who carries out the judgment of the Lord（ 4) Those who kill animals and "sacrifice" to the Lord are the incarnations of demons who slander and abuse the Lord, because the Lord does not eat meat and has explicitly stipulated that he should eat vegetables.

9. "And the LORD said to Cain, where is Abel your brother? He said: I don't know! Am I my brother's keeper And the LORD said to Cain, where is Abel your brother“ Cain said, "I don't know! Am I my brother's keeper? I have no duty to guard my brother. I don't know where he has gone.

10. "And the LORD said, what have you done? The voice of your brother's blood cries out to me from the earth（ 1) And the LORD said, what have you done that I will not know（ 2) The soul of human lives in the liver, which is a blood bank. If a man loses too much blood and his liver is empty, his soul (Magog, Baoshen, Zhishen) will have no place to live, and he will die. Therefore, it is not true that "blood has a voice". Blood is used as a metaphor for human life (Magog)（ 3) Because the Lord gave the sheep the qualification and conditions to live, but "Abel" forcibly deprived of life, so the sheep had resentment, and "Abel" had the sin of destroying life. Abel, who had the crime of killing life, was killed by Cain. Abel suffered the retribution of depriving his life. Abel was brought to hell by the angel of hell. That's why "blood has a voice crying from the ground."（ 4) The Lord saw the soul of Abel (Magog) in the place where Abel bled and died. Abel cried to the Lord and said that he had been killed by his brother. The Lord let "Abel" see the soul of the sheep killed by him (Magog). When "Abel" saw that the soul of the sheep killed by him (Magog) cried to the Lord, saying that he had been killed by "Abel" and asking the just LORD to preside over the judgment, the Lord let "Cain" complain for the sheep, and "Cain" killed "Abel". After that, the soul of Abel (Magog) was brought to hell by the angel of hell.

11. "The earth opened its mouth and took your brother's blood from your hand. Now you will be cursed from this land（ 1) You buried the body of Abel with earth, and the earth opened its mouth to receive your brother's blood from your hands（ 2) The corpse (body, incarnation) of the dead has "ghost of guarding corpse" (ghost), "ghost of guarding corpse" is a mass of "Yin Qi" similar to the devil, which will move within 100 meters of the tomb. When people encounter "guarding the corpse soul", they will destroy the "balance of yin and Yang" of normal people, and will have the symptoms of "sub-health and evil", which is "cursed by this place".

12. "When you plant the land, it will no longer work for you, but you will wander on the ground."（ 1) It's not true that "if you plant the land, the land will no longer work for you". It's because if you live near the tomb, you will be polluted by the "corpse guarding soul" and have the symptoms of "sub-health and evil", just like "the land will no longer work for you". Although you work hard, you don't get much, because the "corpse guarding soul" consumes your Yang, and your "harvest The Yang Qi of "blessing" is suppressed and consumed by the invisible "soul guarding corpse"（ 2) You must leave here and live far away from the grave.

13. Cain said to the Lord, "My punishment is too heavy for me."（ 1) Cain would blame the Lord because he didn't know what I said（ 2) Because Cain didn't know the above reasons, it showed that he was not from the "garden of Eden on the pishon River" (China's Yellow River Valley), but from outside the "garden of Eden on the pishon River".

14. "Now you have driven me out of this land, so that I do not see you. I will wander on the earth, and whoever meets me will kill me（ 1) "Now you have driven me out of this land, so that I will not see you." Cain's worry is superfluous, because the Lord is everywhere and fills the whole universe（ 2) "I will wander on the earth, and anyone who meets me will kill me." Cain's worry is superfluous, because he is a "good breed" bred by the Lord.

15. "The LORD said to him," whoever kills Cain will be avenged sevenfold. So the LORD made a mark for Cain, so that no one would kill Cain if they found him（ 1) "Anyone who kills Cain will be avenged sevenfold." this is because "Cain offered the produce of the land to the Lord" and killed his younger brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep." it shows that the Lord rewards and blesses those who abide by the rules of Genesis. It also shows that killing people who sacrifice to the LORD with "animal meat" will be protected by the Lord（ 2) "The LORD made a mark for Cain, so that no one would kill him if they met him." this is because "Cain offered the produce of the land to the Lord," and killed his younger brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the sheep and the fat of the sheep." it shows that the Lord rewarded and blessed those who abide by the rules of Genesis. It also shows that killing people who sacrifice to the LORD with "animal meat" will be protected by the Lord（ 3) Heaven does not kill, it is the source of life, it is the place to cultivate life, it is not "slaughterhouse"! Heaven's angels, all "eat wind and drink dew", do not eat at all, because the angel itself is a group of pure air. The Lord is an "energy mass" that gives birth to life in the universe. The Lord does not eat at all. He is not "an animal that likes to eat meat", nor is he "an animal that has to eat animals all day to feed itself". Therefore, anyone who sacrifices to the LORD with "animal flesh" is a life destroying devil who slanders and insults the Lord who gave birth to life with his own words and deeds of "life destroying"(4) Anyone who kills that who sacrifices to the LORD with "animal flesh" ，is the Lord's Christ and judge in the world, and will be protected by the Lord.

16. So Cain went away from the presence of the Lord, and dwelt in the land of nod, east of Eden（ 1) "Cain leaves the face of the Lord" is a literary technique of "borrowing", which actually leaves the place where Abel was buried（ 2) In the East is the place where the sun comes out, the place where the sun is first received, and the place where the sun is abundant. So "going to live in the east of Eden" is also a metaphor. It's not necessarily moving to the East. It's a place far away from the grave（ 3) "Move the land" is to move the living place, get a better place than before（ 3) This is the only change that comes from killing those who sacrifice "animal flesh" to the Lord. It is also a special explanation of the reward given by the Lord to those who fight against the evil, do good deeds and uphold justice（ 4) What reward does the LORD have for people like Cain? You can see it by looking down. Let's think about the "Abel" who offered sacrifices to the LORD with "animal's flesh". This devil must "infamous"（ 5) Not only Abel, the devil, will be "infamous", but all the demons who sacrifice "animal meat" to the Lord will be "infamous".

17. "Cain lay with his wife, and she conceived and bore Enoch. And Cain built a city, and called it Enoch after the name of his son（ 1) The name "Enoch" contains several meanings: first, dedication; Second, the beginning; Third, teachers（ 2) "Enoch" means "one promise worth more than one thousand gold". It means that we must fulfill our promise to the Lord's rules. We must eat vegetables, never kill animals or eat meat, and never "sacrifice animal meat" to the Lord（ 3) "He called the city Enoch in the name of his son", which is to warn future generations that they must fulfill their promise to the Lord's rules, that they must eat vegetables, that they will never kill animals or eat meat, and that they will not "sacrifice the meat of animals" to the Lord.

18. Enoch begat enah; And henrijahri, the son of enah; And mehujari begat Methuselah; And Methuselah begat Lamech.

19. And Lamech took two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.

20. "4:20 Adah begat Jabal, and Jabal was the patriarch of the people who lived in tents and raised livestock": This shows that in the age of livestock, there were people who raised livestock.

"4:21 Jabal's brother's name is Juba, and he is the founder of all who play the piano and Flute": the emergence of music shows that human civilization has begun to diversify.

And Zillah begat tubacain, who made all kinds of bronze and iron. Tuba Cain's sister is Naaman ": making metal tools is a great progress of mankind.

And Lamech said to his two wives, "Adah and Zillah, listen to my voice; Ramah's wife listened to my words carefully: if a man hurts me, I will kill him; When a young man injures me, I injure him; I hurt the child, but I hurt myself（ 1) "Ramah said to his two wives," Adah and Zillah, listen to me. "This is to ask his two wives to pass on his words to their children, so that more people can know what kind of person" Ramah "is（ 2) "Ramah's wife, listen to my words." you two listen to my words carefully, and then tell your children what I said（ 3) "If a young man injures me, I will kill him." if a young man covets my property and injures me, I will kill him. Only in this way can we let the world know that "the one who injures others dies" and let people know that they can't hurt others casually. Only in this way can we have a stable society（ 4) "Young people hurt me, I hurt him", young people do not learn, out of jealousy of my family's success in business, say bad things about me, damage my reputation, steal my things, damage my property, I killed him, only in this way can people know to control their own mouth, can't say words that damage others, can't have stealing behavior, to be a self-discipline He is a kind and honest man（ 5) "I killed a strong man, but I hurt myself; The now bible explanation of "I hurt a child but I hurt myself" is "Ecstasy" said by the devil.

"4:24 if Cain is killed, it will be avenged sevenfold; He that killeth Lamech shall be avenged seventy-sevenfold,This is because the words of "Lamar" are equivalent to customizing the "law", which greatly shocked the confused people and played a role in stabilizing the people.

And Adam lay with his wife again, and she bare a son, and called his name Seth, saying, God has appointed me another son in place of Abel, for Cain slew him.

And Seth also bare a son, and called his name enosh. Then shall we call upon the name of the Lord Those who do not know to follow the rules of the Lord, who do not know which rules the LORD said in genesis, and who "call on the name of the Lord" are slaves who are bewitched by the devil.

Li huaizhu published at 08:34, August 8, 2017 Xuanwushan, Longyao County, Hebei Province





