The Bible Old Testament 1 True Exposition of Genesis 43 The Meeting of Joseph's Brothers
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a God of evil. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) The "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.
Genesis 43: Jacob sent his son to buy more food (43:1-15)
1. "43:1 And there was a great famine in the land." : (1) Because there were no virtuous and wise rulers like the Pharaohs of Egypt ruling here, the people were poorly cultivated and were indulging their own selfish desires, so they angered the LORD and had them punished by famine. (2) Most of all there were devils like Jacob who used Yahweh as a front to actually compel people with Satan's indoctrination, and this was Satan's land, a place where the devil was running amok.
43:2 When the grain they had brought from Egypt was eaten up, their father said to them, "Go and gather me some more grain."
43:3 Judah said to him, "The man has earnestly admonished us, saying, 'If your brothers do not come with you, you shall not see my face.'
43:4 If you send our brothers with us, we will go down and gather grain for you.
43:5 If you do not send him, we will not go down, for the man said to us, 'If your brother does not come with you, you will not see my face.'"
43:6 Israel said, "Why do you do this to me, telling the man that you have brothers?"
43:7 They answered, "The man asked at length about us and our relatives, saying, 'Is your father still alive? Do you still have brothers?' And we told him what he asked us; how could we know that he would say, 'Your brothers must be brought down'?"
43:8 Then Judah said to Israel his father, "Send the boy with me, and we will get up and go down, so that we may live and not die, you and our women and children.
43:9 I will be his surety, that you may recover from me, and if I do not bring him back and deliver him to you, I will bear the guilt forever.
43:10 If we had not tarried, now we have all returned the second time."
43:11 Their father Israel said, "If it is necessary, do this: take a little of the best of the produce of the land, frankincense, honey, spices, myrrh, botrytis, and almonds, and put them in your utensils, and bring them down to the man as a gift.
43:12 And take twice as much silver in your hand, and keep in your hand the silver that is returned to your pockets; that may be a mistake.
43:13 Take your brothers also, and arise and go to the man.
43:14 May the Almighty God show you mercy before that man, and release your brothers and Benjamin to return. If I have lost my son, I have lost him!"
43:15 So they took the gift, and doubled the silver in their hands, and took Benjamin with them, and got up and went down to Egypt and stood before Joseph.
Genesis 43 Joseph makes a feast for his brothers (43:16-15)
43:16 When Joseph saw that Benjamin had come with them, he said to the scribe, "Bring these men into the house, and slaughter the animals and prepare a feast, for these men will eat with me at noon."
43:17 So the scribe did as Joseph had commanded him, and led them into Joseph's house.
18. "43:18 And they were afraid because they had been led into Joseph's house, saying, "We have been led here because of the silver that was returned to our pockets the first time, to find fault with us, to lay hands on us, to take us by force as slaves, and to rob us of our asses." : (1) The devilish mindset of a thief. (2) Because they had "laid hands on people, taken women and children as slaves, and robbed them of their donkeys," they had such thoughts.
43:19 Then they approached Joseph's house and spoke to him at the door of the house.
43:20 saying, "O my lord, we have indeed come down the first time to gather grain.
43:21 But when we came to the place where we were staying, we opened our pockets, and, to our surprise, each one had a full measure of silver, and it was still in each one's pocket, and now we have brought it back into our hands.
43:22 And also brought down silver to buy grain, not knowing who had put it in our pockets before."
23. "43:23 And the ruler of the house said, "Be assured and do not be afraid; it is your God and the God of your father who has given you treasure in your pockets. I have already received your silver. And he brought out Simeon and gave it to them." : (1) Do you see? The fact that Joseph's "householder" lied and cheated shows that Joseph was no longer the "servant Joseph" that he was. (2) Egypt did not believe in "Jehovah of the Jews", but in the sun god. It was not Jehovah who "gave you treasure in your pockets", but the Egyptian sun-god, for it was Egypt who gave them the money to buy grain. (3) "It is your gods and the gods of your fathers who have given you treasure in your pockets" is a lie of Satan. (4) If "your God and the God of your fathers gave you treasure in your pockets", why did they not give you food? Why do you suffer famine? Because "your God and the God of your fathers" is not the true Yahweh, but "the one who is Satan" in the guise of Yahweh. (5) "I have already received your silver" is a lie of the devil.
43:24 So the slaughterer led them into Joseph's house, and gave them water to wash their feet, and gave them straw to feed their donkeys.
43:25 So they prepared the gifts and waited for Joseph to come at noon, for they had heard that they would eat there.
43:26 When Joseph came to the house, they took the gifts in their hands and gave them to him, and fell on their faces and bowed down to him.
43:27 Joseph greeted them, and asked, "Is your father, the old man of whom you speak, safe? Is he still there?"
43:28 They answered, "Peace be with your servant our father; he is still here." So they bowed their heads and worshipped.
43:29 Then Joseph lifted up his eyes and saw Benjamin, his brother from the same mother, and said, "Is this the brother who is the top little one of whom you spoke to me?" And he said, "O little one, may God give you grace!"
43:30 When Joseph's love for his brother was aroused, he hastened to find a place where he could cry, and went into his house and wept.
43:31 He washed his face and came out, barely holding back, and ordered a meal to be served.
32. "43:32 So they set a table for Joseph alone, and another for the men, and another for the Egyptians who ate with Joseph, for the Egyptians were not to eat with the Hebrews; that was an abomination to the Egyptians." (1) The slaughter and consumption of animals by the Hebrews was considered holy by the Egyptians, and this was one of the reasons why "the Egyptians were not to eat with the Hebrews". (2) The Hebrews (Israelites, Judeans, Jews) only considered their own faith to be right, while the rest of the sects were "pagans of polytheistic beliefs worshipping idols", while the Jews were not "worshipping idols" with their "altars, sacrifices", etc. "The narrow-mindedness of the Jews in "praising themselves and destroying others, thinking they are right and wrong" would not be accepted by any sensible, sane person, and this is the reason why "the Egyptians must not eat with the Hebrews "This is the reason why the Egyptians were not to eat with the Hebrews. (3) The narrow and extreme religious thinking of the Jews, "praising themselves and destroying others, thinking they are right and wrong", was a fit of insanity by ignorant people, and was an abomination to the Egyptians. (4) The Jews (prophets of Yahweh and priests of Judaism) spoke of everything as "what about God" and "clanged" the "idols" of God on their lips all day long, and cried out "This is the ugliest thing about the Jews. (5) The Jews "fear God" instead of "loving God", and have a trembling image of being "God's minions", and consider themselves to be Jehovah's patrons, as if He also considered himself to be Jehovah's patron, as if Jehovah were his own father, and regarded everyone else as devils who had nothing to do with Jehovah. This was not only an image of the devil that the Egyptians detested, but also one that the Chinese reviled. (6) The Chinese are familiar with the Jewish community under the guise of Christianity. The missionaries under the guise of Jehovah "acted as guides" for the "Eight-Power Allied Forces" who came to Beijing in 1900 to burn and pillage!
43:33 And Joseph made all the brothers sit before him in order of precedence, and they were astonished at one another.
34. "43:34 Joseph gave them the food that was before him, but Benjamin received five times more than the others. So they drank wine and feasted with Joseph." : (1) "Benjamin received five times more than the others" because Joseph and Benjamin were born of the same mother. It shows that Joseph despised his other half-brothers and was not just and fair-minded, indicating that his selfishness and partiality were beginning to be released. (2) "And they drank wine" and must have eaten meat, indicating that their family did not keep the LORD's rule of vegetarianism and not meat, indicating that they were of a devilish lineage. (3) 1:29 And God said, "Behold! 1:30 As for the beasts of the earth and the fowls of the air, and every living thing that creeps on the earth, I give you grass for food. And so it came to pass. (4) 4:4 Abel also offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep. 4:8 And Cain spoke with Abel his brother, and they were in the field, and Cain rose up and struck Abel his brother, and slew him. 4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Whosoever slayeth Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him.
(1) The sons of Jacob, the devil, are acting out their righteousness here. If you are impressed, you have been led into a ditch. (2) Religion must be "in and out". If you go in and learn from one article you see, without coherent thinking, you don't even know what kind of person he is, you can't recognize the "word barrier", you're such a muddlehead must be "blind without ears".
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 Sep 2017 11:21pm 16:55 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article