The Bible Old Testament, Chapter 10, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Chapter 21 David is old and deceived and kills Saul's family by mistake
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original Part: David was old and had reached the age of retirement.
21:1 And there was a famine in David's year, three years in a row, and David asked the LORD. And the LORD said, "This famine is because of Saul and his house of shedding human blood, which killed the Gibeonites."
21:2 It turned out that the Gibeonites were not Israelites, but what was left of the Amorites. The Israelites had sworn to them that they would not kill and destroy them, but Saul was greatly zealous for the Israelites and Judah, and wanted to kill them. King David summoned them and
21:3 and asked them, "What shall I do for you? What can I do to atone for this sin, so that you may bless the LORD's inheritance?"
21:4 The Gibeonites answered, "Our business with Saul and his family is not about gold or silver, nor should we kill an Israelite for our sake." David said, "As you say, so I will do for you."
21:5 They said to the king, "He who once plotted against us to destroy us, so that we should not dwell in Israel any more
21:6 will now give us seven of his sons and grandsons, so that we may hang them before the LORD in Gibeah, where the LORD chose Saul." The king said, "I will give them to you."
21:7 And the king, because he had made an alliance with Jonathan son of Saul by an oath to the LORD, loved Mephibosheth son of Jonathan, the grandson of Saul, and would not deliver him
21:8 but gave to Amoni, Mephibosheth, the two sons of Saul, whom Rehoboth, the daughter of Aiah, had given to him, and to Adriel, the son of Barzillai, the son of Meholath, the sister of Michal, the daughter of Saul, five sons
21:9 into the hands of the Gibeonites. So the Gibeonites hung them on the mountain before the LORD, and the seven died together. The time of their slaughter was the day of harvest, when the barley was cut.
21:10 And Lizpah the daughter of Aiya made a tabernacle of sackcloth over the rock, from the time of the beginning of the harvest until the time when it rained on the bodies, so that no bird of the air should fall on them by day, and no beast of the field should come and spoil them by night.
21:11 And it came to pass that some men told David of this thing which Reba, the daughter of Aiah, Saul's concubine, had done.
21:12 So David went and brought in the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son from the Gileadites, because the Philistines had killed Saul at Gilboa and hung his body in the marketplace of Bethsaida, and the Gileadites had stolen it.
21:13 And David brought the bones of Saul and of Jonathan his son from there, and collected the bones of the seven men who had been hung.
21:14 And he buried the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son in Zerah of Benjamin, in the tomb of Kish, Saul's father. The people did what the king had commanded them to do. After that God listened to what the people asked for.
21:15 When the Philistines fought against the Israelites, and David led his servants down and fought against the Philistines, and David became weary
21:16 Ishbino, one of the sons of Wayward, wanted to kill David. His bronze spear weighed three hundred shekels, and he wore a new sword.
21:17 But Abishai, the son of Zeruiah, helped David and attacked the Philistines and killed him. The men who followed David that day swore to David, "You shall not go out to war with us again after this, lest the lamp of Israel be put out."
21:18 Later, when the Israelites fought against the Philistines at Gobber, Sibiathar the Hoshaite killed Zaph, one of the sons of the great man.
21:19 And again at Gobber, when they fought against the Philistines, Ilehanan the son of Jareoel-kin the Bethlehemite killed Goliath the Gathite. The shaft of this man's spear was as thick as the shaft of a loom.
21:20 And there was also a man of great stature in Gath, where he had six fingers on his hands and feet, and twenty-four fingers in all; and he was the son of a great man.
21:21 And this man cursed the battle against Israel, and Jonathan the son of Shemya, the brother of David, killed him.
21:22 These four men were the sons of the great men of Gath, and all died under David and his servants.

Expository section.
10-151, "21:1 And there was a famine in the days of David, three years in a row, and David asked the LORD. And the LORD said, "This famine is because of Saul and his house of blood, which killed the Gibeonites". Did the "priests" say this to David under the guise of "the LORD"? Answer: (1) "So David asked the LORD", which means that the Jewish priests had kidnapped David as a "prophet". Making a king like David a "prophet of Judaism" is what gives Judaism its "celebrity effect" and makes it a national religion for kings to believe in. (2) Any normal person could see that this was a lie told by the "priests" to David under the guise of "Jehovah". The "priests" were appalling under the guise of "Jehovah" so that they could be feared as "priests". (3) "Saul and his house that shed the blood of men, and killed the Gibeonites", should have made "Saul" king when "there was a famine for three years". "Saul and his house of shedding human blood and killing the Gibeonites" did not make "there was a famine for three years" when "Saul" was king, but "there was a famine for three years" when "Saul" was king. Saul" died many years later, but instead "there was a famine for three years" when "David" was king, which is a "farce" that any sane person could see "This is an absurd farce that any normal person could see, and it shows that this is not the true "LORD" speaking at all, but a "psychotic, drunken man" speaking in a drunken, nonsensical way. (4) Do you understand? This is the way to read the Scriptures. If you read in this way, you will become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". This is the original meaning of the LORD's handing down of the Bible to make Christ.

"21:2 So the Gibeonites were not Israelites, but what was left of the Amorites. The Israelites had sworn to them that they would not kill and destroy them, but Saul was greatly zealous for the Israelites and for Judah, and wanted to kill and destroy them", Q: Is that so? Answer: No. This was all a lie of the "priestly" devil.
"21:3 Then King David called them and asked them, "What shall I do for you? What shall I do for you to atone for this sin, that you may be blessed with the inheritance of the LORD?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: (1) "King David called them" and was deceived, which means that "David" was really old and confused, no wonder his son wanted to take his throne. David had really reached the age of retirement. David's words were spoken by the "priests" under the guise of David. (2) The "inheritance of the LORD" is the "inheritance of the priests". The "priests" had no prestige if the "LORD" did not have an "inheritance". The fact that people believed whatever the "priests" said shows that the "inheritance of the LORD" was huge.

10-152, "21:4 The Gibeonites answered and said to him, "Our business with Saul and his family is not about silver or gold, nor should we kill an Israelite for our sake. 21:5 And they said to the king, "He who once plotted against us to destroy us and to keep us from dwelling in Israel, 21:6 will now give us seven of his sons and daughters, so that we may hang them before the LORD in Gibeah, where the LORD chose Saul. And the king said, "I will give them to you", and asked, Is that so? Answer: Yes. (A tragedy caused by the lies of the "priests", by demonic heresies.
"21:7 And the king, because he had made an alliance with Jonathan son of Saul by an oath to the Lord, loved Mephibosheth son of Jonathan, the grandson of Saul, and did not give him up. 21:8 But he gave Amoni and Mephibosheth, the two sons born to Saul by Lizpah daughter of Aiya, and the five sons born to Adriel son of Barzillai son of Meholath by the sister of Michal daughter of Saul. delivered into the hand of the Gibeonites", Q. Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. The lie of the "priests" had affected the innocent. (2) Because the first king, "Saul", put an end to "Samuel", the priest, who was the "pope of the church", the era of the "priests The era of "priestly" rule over the Jews was replaced by kingship, and of course the "priests" who lost their rule had a "grudge against the king". All subsequent "priests" (priestly groups) were to avenge "Samuel".

10-153, "21:9 Then the Gibeonites hung them on the mountain before the LORD, and the seven died together. They were killed on the day of the harvest, when the barley was cut". Answer: (1) Yes. Because "Saul" replaced the "papacy" with a kingship, he offended the "prophet Samuel" and all the priests, and the latter It was only natural that the subsequent "priests" should avenge the death of "Samuel". (2) The devil is a murderer of life, the opposite of Jehovah. Do you understand?
"21:10 And Reba the daughter of Aiah made a tabernacle of sackcloth over the rock, from the time of the harvest until the time when the rain fell on the body, so that the birds of the air would not fall on the body by day, and the beasts of the field would not come to trample it by night. 21:11 And it was told to David what Reba the daughter of Aiah, Saul's concubine, had done. 21:12 And David went and took Saul and his wife from the children of Kirjath 21:12 and David went and brought the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son from the Gileadites, because the Philistines had killed Saul at Gilboa and hung his body in the marketplace of Bethsaida, and the Gileadites had stolen it. 21:13 And David brought the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son from there, and collected the bones of the seven men who had been hung. 21:14 And he buried the bones of Saul and Jonathan his son at Zerah in Benjamin, in the tomb of Kish, Saul's father", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) David, in his old age, was fooled by the "priests" and caused an "old hatred" between the two families that should not have been there, so that both families were ignited with "blood hatred" and had The "tears of blood" had increased the wounds between the two families, and no amount of David's "coffining the bones" could heal the wounds or show respect for the dead, which meant that it was really time for David to retire.

10-154, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "(1) Why did Saul's sin affect his family? How serious a sin was it? (2) Although the Bible does not record Saul's actions in retaliation against the Gibeonites, it is clear that he had committed a serious sin that caused the Gibeonites to pursue him for the crime of shedding blood. The Bible does not explain why Saul sinned but killed his children. Many customs in the Near East (including Israel's) regard the sin of the father as the sin of the whole family, because the family is an indivisible whole. Saul broke the oath that the Israelites had sworn to the Gibeonites (cf. Ep 9:16-20). Breaking an oath is a serious violation of God's law (cf. Num. 30:1-2). David may have acted according to custom, seeing the family as one, or else Saul's descendants had assisted Saul and had a share in the sin of killing the Gibeonites", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) There was bloodshed in defiance of the regime's oppression of their tribe. (2) In the ancient times, when there was a struggle for power, the victory or defeat would have affected or sealed the nine tribes. (3) To kill the descendants of "Saul" again just because there was a "famine for three years" shows that David was confused and that the devil priests did not forget the "hatred of Saul for taking power" from them. "It shows that the devil would use every opportunity available to him to cause "cruelty to life", and that the devil priests were a hidden danger and a public enemy of a peaceful society.

10-155, "21:15 When the Philistines were at war with Israel, David led his servants down and fought the Philistines, and David became weary, 21:16 and Ishbino, one of the sons of the great men, wanted to kill David. His bronze spear weighed three hundred shekels, and he wore a new sword", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"21:17 But Abishai, the son of Zeruiah, helped David and attacked the Philistines and killed him. And those who followed David in those days swore to David, saying, Thou shalt not go forth again with us to war, lest thou quench the lamp of Israel. 21:18 Then the Israelites fought against the Philistines at Geber, and Sephardim the Hoshaite killed Zaph, one of the sons of the Weim", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) "Lest the lamp of Israel be extinguished" means to protect the old David, which means that he was not as brave as he had been in his day, and that if he met a strong man he would be killed and "extinguish the lamp of Israel", so that "in future you shall not Therefore, "you shall not go out with us again", but you shall be in the rear, so that the soldiers at the front will not have to worry about "extinguishing the lamp of Israel".
"21:19 And it came to pass at the battle of Gobber with the Philistines, that Elhanan the son of Jareaugin the Bethlehemite killed Goliath the Gathite. The shaft of this man's spear was as thick as the shaft of a weaver's loom", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"21:20 And there was a man of great stature in Gath, and his hands and feet were six-fingered, and he had twenty-four fingers in all; and he was the son of a great man. And this man cursed the battle against Israel, and Jonathan the son of Shemya, the brother of David, killed him" Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

Posted by Li Huaiju on April 1, 2017 Edited November 7, 2017 Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei







The Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 20 The Woman Calms the Rebellion
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) The Bible Old Testament, Chapter 10, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Chapter 19, David's Return to Jerusalem

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
20:1 It happened that there was a bandit there named Sheba, the son of Bikili the Benjamite. He blew his horn and said, "We have no part with David, and nothing to do with the sons of Jesse. Go to your houses, O Israelites!"
20:2 So all the Israelites left David and followed Sheba the son of Bikili. But the men of Judah, from the Jordan to Jerusalem, followed their king closely.
20:3 When King David came to Jerusalem and entered the palace, he confined the ten concubines who had been left to guard the palace to a cold palace, and kept them and did not get close to them. They were confined as widows until the day of their death.
20:4 And the king said to Amasa, "Gather the men of Judah together in three days, and you return here."
20:5 So Amasa went and gathered the men of Judah, but delayed beyond the date the king had given him.
20:6 David said to Abishai, "Now I am afraid that Sheba the son of Bikili has done us more harm than Absalom; lead your Lord's servant after him, lest he gain a fortified city and hide from us."
20:7 And all the men of Joab, and the Cilicians, and the Bilitites, and all the warriors, went out from Jerusalem after Abishai, after Sheba the son of Bikili.
20:8 When they came to the great rock of Gibeon, Amasa came to meet them. Then Joab was dressed in his battle clothes, and his sword was in a belt around his waist, and his sword was in its sheath. Joab went forward, and his sword fell out of its sheath.
20:9 Joab picked up the sword with his left hand and said to Amasa, "Greetings, my brother!" Then he took hold of Amasa's beard with his right hand, to kiss him on the mouth.
20:10 Amasa did not guard against the sword which Joab held in his hand; and Joab thrust it into his belly, and his bowels flowed on the ground; and he died without thrusting him again. Joab and his brother Abishai went forward after Sheba son of Bikile.
20:11 And one of Joab's young men stood by the body of Amasa and said to the people, "Whoever delights in Joab and returns to David, let him go after Joab."
20:12 And Amasa rolled in his own blood on the road. When the man saw all the people passing by standing still, he moved the body of Amasa from the road to the field and covered it with his clothes.
20:13 After the body had been removed from the road, all the people followed Joab, and went after Sheba the son of Bezekiel.
20:14 And he went through all the tribes of Israel as far as Abila of Bethmachah; and all the land of the Bereans, and all the people of those places gathered together to follow him.
20:15 And when Joab and his followers came to Abila of Bemachar, and besieged Sheba, they built a fortress against the city, and the men who followed Joab smote the city with hammers, that they might make it fall down.
20:16 And a wise woman called from the city, saying, "Listen! Listen! Ask Joab to come near so that I may speak to him."
20:17 Then Joab came near. The woman asked him, "Are you Joab?" He said, "Yes, I am." The woman said, "Listen, I pray you, to the handmaid's words." Joab said, "I will listen."
20:18 The woman said, "It was said in ancient times, 'Ask first at Abila, and then the matter will be settled.'
20:19 The people of our city are peaceful and faithful among the Israelites. Why do you want to destroy the great cities in Israel and devour the LORD's inheritance?"
20:20 Joab answered and said to him, "I will never devour and destroy.
20:21 It is because one of the men of the hill country of Ephraim, Sheba son of Bikili, raised his hand against King David. If you give him up alone, I will leave the city." The woman said to Joab, "The man's head will be thrown to you from the walls of the city."
20:22 So the woman went to the people in her wisdom and persuaded them. So they cut off the head of Sheba, the son of Bikili, and threw it to Joab. Joab blew the trumpet, and all the people left the city and went to their own houses. Joab returned to Jerusalem to the king.
20:23 And Joab was marshal of all the armies of Israel; and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada had dominion over the Kerethites and the Pelethites.
20:24 Adoram over the men who served in affliction; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahirul as historian.
20:25 Shepherd as clerk; Zadok and Abiathar as chief priests.
20:26 and Elah the Jairite as David's vizier.

Expository section.
10-147, "20:1 And it came to pass that there was a bandit there, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bikhil the Benjamite. And he blew his horn, saying, We have no part with David, and have nothing to do with the sons of Jesse. 20:2 So all the Israelites left David and followed Sheba the son of Bikili. But all the men of Judah, from the Jordan to Jerusalem, followed their king closely", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:3 When King David came to Jerusalem and entered the palace, he confined the ten concubines who had been left to guard the palace to a cold palace, and kept them and did not get close to them. They were confined as widows until the day of their death", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.
"20:4 And the king said to Amasa, "Gather the men of Judah together within three days, and return to this place. 20:5 And Amasa went and gathered the men of Judah, but delayed beyond the day which the king had appointed", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. It shows that the men of Judah had doubts about David and so were a little slow to respond.

10-148, "20:6 And David said to Abishai, "Now I fear that Sheba the son of Bikili will do us more harm than Absalom, and that you will lead your Lord's servants after him, lest he gain a fortified city and hide from us. 20:7 And all the men of Joab, and the Gileadites, and the Bileadites, and all the warriors, went out from Jerusalem after Abishai, and pursued Sheba the son of Bikili. Sheba the son", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:8 When they came to the great rock of Gibeon, Amasa came to meet them. Then Joab was dressed in his battle clothes, and his belt was girded with his sword, and his sword was in its sheath. As Joab went forward, the sword fell out of its sheath. 20:9 Joab picked it up with his left hand and said to Amasa, "Greetings, my brother!" And he took hold of Amasa's beard with his right hand, that he might kiss him on the mouth. 20:10 And Amasa did not guard against the sword which Joab held in his hand; and Joab thrust it into his belly, and his bowels flowed on the ground; and he died without thrusting him again. And Joab and his brother Abishai went forward after Sheba the son of Bikile", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-149, "20:11 And one of the young men of Joab stood by the body of Amasa, and said to all the people, "Whoever delights in Joab, and whoever submits to David, let him go after Joab", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:15 And when Joab and those who followed him came to Abila in Bethmachah, and besieged Sheba, they built a fortress against the city, and the men who followed Joab smote the city with hammers, that they might cause it to fall", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:18 And the woman said, It was said in olden times, Let us ask first at Abila, and then the matter will be settled. 20:19 The people of our city are peaceful and faithful among the children of Israel. Why do you want to destroy the great cities in Israel and devour the LORD's inheritance?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: Yes. "Ask first in Abila, and then the matter will be settled" means: use wisdom, first consult widely, so that everyone can "turn from passive to active", and then the matter will be settled properly.

10-150, "20:20 Joab answered and said, "I will not devour or destroy. 20:21 But because one of the men of the hill country of Ephraim, Sheba son of Bikili, raised his hand against King David. If you give him up alone, I will leave the city. The woman said to Joab, "The head of that man will be thrown to you from the walls of the city", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:22 So the woman went in her wisdom to persuade the people. So they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bikili and threw it to Joab. Joab blew the trumpet, and the people left the city and went to their own houses. And Joab returned to Jerusalem to the king", asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:23 Joab was marshal of all the armies of Israel; Benaiah the son of Jehoiada had dominion over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; 20:24 Adoram had charge of those who served in suffering; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahirub was historian; 20:25 Shepherd was clerk; Zadok and Abiathar were chief priests; 20:26 and Elah the Jairite was David's vizier " and asked, Is that so? Answer: Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 30 March 2017 Edited 7 November Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei









