The Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary 23 The Lies of the Jewish Priests
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original Part: The Jewish priests insulted David with lies
23:1 The following are David's last words. David the son of Jesse was given a high position, anointed by the God of Jacob to be a beautiful singer of Israel, saying.
23:2 "The Spirit of the LORD has spoken through me, and his word is in my mouth.
23:3 The God of Israel, the Rock of Israel, has spoken to me, saying, "He who rules over the people in righteousness, who fears God and reigns in power
23:4 He will be like the morning light of the sunrise, like a cloudless morning, a clear light after the rain, making the earth grow tender.
23:5 This is not my house before God, but God has made an everlasting covenant with me. This covenant is steadfast in all things, concerning all my salvation and all my desires; will he not fulfill it for me?
23:6 But all the bandits will be cast away like thorns; no man will dare to take it in his hand.
23:7 He who takes it shall bring iron and the shaft of his spear, and in the end it shall be burned with fire."
23:8 The names of David's warriors are written below. Josephanes the Targumite, also called Adenos the Isnian, who was commander in chief of the army and struck down eight hundred men at once.
23:9 Next was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahazite. When the Philistines had gathered to fight, and the Israelites met them, three warriors who were following David cursed at the Philistines, and among them was Eleazar.
23:10 He rose up and smote the Philistines until his arm was weary and his hand stuck to the handle of his sword. On that day the LORD gave the Israelites a great victory, and the people were devoted to taking possessions after Eleazar.
23:11 Next came Shammah the son of Achish the Haraite. One day the Philistines gathered in a crowd in a field full of red beans, and the people fled before the Philistines.
23:12 But Shammah stood in the middle of that field and struck down the Philistines and saved the field. The LORD gave the Israelites a great victory.
23:13 At the time of the harvest, three of the thirty warriors went down to the cave of Adullam to meet David. The Philistine army was encamped in the valley of Leviathan.
23:14 At that time David was at the mountain fortress, and the Philistines' fortified camp was in Bethlehem.
23:15 David was thirsty and said, "I would that someone would bring me water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem to drink."
23:16 So the three warriors broke through the camp of the Philistines and drew water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem, and brought it to David. But he refused to drink it, and laid the water before the LORD
23:17 saying, "O LORD, these three men risked death to draw water, and the water is like their blood; I dare not drink it." So David refused to drink it. This is what three warriors did.
23:18 Abishai, the brother of Joab son of Zeruiah, was the leader of these three warriors. He raised his spear and killed three hundred men, and he was named among the three warriors.
23:19 He was the most honoured of the three, and so he was their leader; but not as much as the first three.
23:20 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a warrior of Kadesh, did mighty works: he slew two sons of Ariel the Moabite; and he went down into a pit in the time of snow, and slew a lion.
23:21 And he slew a strong Egyptian. The Egyptian had a spear in his hand, and Benaiah went down with only his stick, and took the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and killed him with it.
23:22 This is what Benaiah the son of Jehoiada did, and he was named among the three warriors.
23:23 He was more honourable than all the thirty warriors, but not as honourable as the first three. David made him chief of the guard.
23:24 And among the thirty warriors were Asahel the brother of Joab, and Elhanan the son of Dodo the Bethlehemite, and
23:25 Shammah the Harodite, and Elijah the Harodite.
23:26 Hyles the Pharethite, and Elah the son of Ichabod the Tekoaite.
23:27 Abiathar the Anathite, and Mibenai the Tosharite.
23:28 Samnon the Ahazite, and Mahalai the Nidahite.
23:29 Hillel the son of Barnabas the Netherlander, and Ether the son of Libai the Gibeahite, of the tribe of Benjamin
23:30 Benaiah the Pyradonite, and Hittite the Kadeshite.
23:31 Abiatharaben, a Benjaminite, and Esmael, a Baroumiite.
23:32 Elijah Haba the Shaphanite, Jonathan the son of Yashan, the
23:33 Shammah the Harahite, Ahitham son of Shalom the Harahite.
23:34 Eliphaz the son of Ahabai the Maacahite, and Eliam the son of Ahithophel the Giloite.
23:35 Hezrai the Carmelite, and Parai the Abbaite.
23:36 Ichabod the son of Nathan the Zobahite, and Bani the Gadite
23:37 Zerah the Ammonite, Nahalai the Berean (who was the bearer of arms to Joab the son of Zeruiah)
23:38 Elath the Ethelite, and Gareth the Ethelite, the
23:39 Uriah the Herodian, thirty-seven in all.

Expository section.
10-157, "23:2 The Spirit of the LORD has spoken through me, and his word is in my mouth. 23:3 The God of Israel, the Rock of Israel, has spoken to me, saying, He who rules the people in righteousness, who fears God and reigns in power, 23:4 he will be like the morning light of the sunrise, like a cloudless morning, the clear light after the rain, making the earth grow tender. 23:5 My house is not so before God, but God has made an everlasting covenant with me. This covenant is steadfast in all things, concerning all my salvation and all my desires; will he not fulfill it for me?23:6 But all the bandits will be cast away like thorns; no man will dare to take it in his hand;23:7 and he who takes it will bring iron and the shaft of a spear, and in the end it will be burned with fire." : (1) This "beautiful singer of Israel" was written by the "priests" after David and has nothing to do with "Jehovah". It was a white 30,000 year old dragon that inspired him. (2) Read the book of Genesis and you will see that Abraham, Isaac and "Jacob of Israel" were all liars and deceivers. (3) Those who "eat flesh, steal, fornicate, lie and drink wine" are those who do not know what "righteousness" is, and are not "rulers of the people in righteousness", nor are they They are not "rulers of the people in righteousness", nor are they "rulers in the fear of God". He who makes people "not eat meat, not steal, not commit adultery, not lie, not drink" is the one who "governs the people in righteousness" and "fears God and reigns in authority". (4) The one who makes people "not eat meat, not steal, not commit adultery, not lie, not drink" is the one who "rules the people in righteousness" and who "fears God and reigns in authority". He is like the morning light of the sunrise, like a cloudless morning, the clear light after the rain, which makes the earth grow young. (5) This was not the case with the house of David before God, who would not make an everlasting covenant with David, for David had become an instrument of kidnapping by the Jewish priests. "All salvation and all that I desire" was not David's, but the priests'. (6) The Jewish priesthood was a type of banditry, and all should be cast away like thorns. "Men did not dare to take it with their hands" because they were shamming in the guise of Yahweh, and when they became "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire" they dared to take away his mask with their hands. (7) He who takes it does not need to carry an iron weapon and a spear, but having become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire" he dares to take off his mask with his hands, so that he may reveal the true nature of the devil. The "Judaism and Christianity" that will come to an end will be burned by the fire of the religious revolution of the 21st century.

10-158, "23:8 The name of David's warrior is written below. He, Josephanes the Gemonite, also called Adenos the Isnian, who was the commander of the army, struck down eight hundred men at one time", Q. Is that right? Answer: Yes.
"23:9 Next was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahazite. Once upon a time when the Philistines were gathered together to fight, and the Israelites went up against them, three warriors who followed David cursed the Philistines, and among them was Eleazar. 23:10 He rose up and struck the Philistines until his arm was weary and his hand stuck to the handle of his sword. On that day the LORD gave Israel a great victory, and the people took possession of their goods after Eleazar", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.
"23:11 Next was Shammah the son of Achish the Haraite. One day the Philistines gathered in a crowd in a field full of red beans, and the people fled before the Philistines. 23:12 But Shammah stood in the middle of that field and struck down the Philistines and saved the field. The LORD gave the Israelites a great victory". Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.

10-159, "23:13 At the time of the harvest, three of the thirty warriors went down to the cave of Adullam to meet David. The Philistine troops were encamped in the valley of Leviathan. 23:14 At that time David was in the mountain fortress, and the Philistine fortified camp was in Bethlehem", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"23:15 David was thirsty and said, "I wish someone would bring me water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem to drink". Answer: Yes.
"23:16 So the three warriors broke through the camp of the Philistines and drew water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem, and brought it to David. But he refused to drink it, and laid the water before the LORD, 23:17 saying, "O LORD, these three men risked death to draw water, and the water is like their blood; I dare not drink it". Answer: (1) This is the "priests" calling David crazy. (2) "David", if you are afraid to drink, why did you ask these three men to go there to draw water from the well? Aren't you being "hypocritical"? (3) "David and Jehovah" are both tools used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) to promote their "divine powers and access to God". The "kings of the ages and Jehovah" were used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) as a tool to promote their "divine power and access to God". Without these two "tools", the "priests" (Jewish preachers) were worthless rogues, reviled by everyone, and no one would fear them at all.

10-160, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "(1) Life belongs to God, is my life also poured out before God? (2) David poured out the water which the warriors had drawn from the well by the gate of Bethlehem before the Lord; he refused to drink the water because he was deeply moved by the spirit of sacrifice of the warriors. When the Israelites offered sacrifices, they never burned the blood with the sacrifice, but poured it out before God, for the blood represented life. (3) David did not want to drink the water because it represented the life of the warrior, so he poured it out before God", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) "Satan" is an "evil god". This means that your heart is evil and your life belongs to the "evil gods", and your life is poured out before them. "The Lord has the power to subdue demons, but you do not have the wisdom to reveal that the priests are demons, which means that your life does not belong to the Lord, and your life is not poured out in the presence of the Lord. "Your life is not poured out in the presence of the Lord God. (2) "David poured out the water that the warriors drew from the well by the gate of Bethlehem before the LORD", this is "Satan" abusing "the LORD and David". (3) "Poured out the blood before God, for the blood represents life", this is "Satan" insulting "Jehovah" who is merciful and does not kill, who gives birth to all things and does not ask for them, by killing and eating meat. This is "Satan's" way of insulting "Yahweh", who is merciful, who does not kill, who gives birth to all things and who does not take. All the killing of life is punishable by karma. The Israelites who killed and ate meat to "sacrifice to Yahweh" paid a heavy price for their ignorance and were slaughtered countless times; this is why Israel today is a "small nation and a small people". (4) "David would not drink this water because it represented the life of a warrior". The "spellbinder". If you believe it, you are a bastard who is worse than a beast.

10-161, "23:18 Abishai, the brother of Joab son of Zeruiah, was the leader of these three warriors. 23:19 He was the most honoured of the three, and therefore was their leader; but not as much as the first three." Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.
"23:20 And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a warrior of Kadesh, did mighty works: he slew the two sons of Ariel the Moabite; and he went down into the pit in the snow, and slew a lion; 23:21 and he slew a strong Egyptian. 23:22 This is what Benaiah the son of Jehoiada did, and he was named among the three warriors. 23:23 He was more honourable than all the thirty warriors, but not as honourable as the first three. David made him chief of the guard", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.

Posted by Li Huaiju on April 1, 2017 Edited November 7, 2017 Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





