The Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary 12 The priests insulted David for his adultery
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Part of the original text: The prophet "Nathan" is the devil who kidnapped David to promote "Jewish teachings"
12:1 And the Lord sent Nathan to David. When Nathan came to David, he said to him, "There are two men in a city: the one is rich and the other is poor.
12:2 The rich man had many flocks of cattle and sheep.
12:3 But the poor man had nothing except a lamb, which he had bought to feed. The lamb grew up in his house with his children, and ate what he ate, and drank what he drank, and slept in his arms, and looked to him like a daughter.
12:4 When a guest came to the rich man's house, the rich man did not want to take one of his cattle and flocks to feed his guest, but he took the poor man's lamb and prepared it for his guest to eat."
12:5 Then David became very angry with the man and said to Nathan, "I swear by the living LORD that he who does this deserves to die!
12:6 He will pay for the lamb four times over, because he has done this without compassion."
12:7 Nathan said to David, "You are the man! Thus says the LORD God of Israel: 'I have anointed you king over Israel and delivered you from the hand of Saul.
12:8 I have given you your master's house, I have given you your master's wife in your arms, and I have given you Israel and the house of Judah; if you had thought that it was not enough, I would have given you twice as much.
12:9 Why do you despise the LORD's command and do what is evil in his sight? You killed Uriah the Hittite by the sword of the Ammonites, and took his wife as your wife.
12:10 Since you have defied me and have taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite as your wife, the sword shall never leave your house.'
12:11 Thus says the LORD: 'I will raise up evil against you from your house, and I will give your concubines before your eyes, and he will sleep with them in the daylight.
12:12 You did this in secret, but I will repay you in the presence of all Israel, under the sun.'"
12:13 David said to Nathan, "I have sinned against the LORD!" Nathan said, "The LORD has taken away your sin, and you will not die.
12:14 But by doing this you have given the LORD's enemies a great opportunity to blaspheme; therefore, the child you have gained will surely die."
12:15 So Nathan went home. The LORD struck the child that Uriah's wife had borne to David, and made him seriously ill.
12:16 So David pleaded with God for the child, and fasted, and went into his inner room and lay on the ground all night.
12:17 The old men of his household came to him to lift him up from the ground, but he would not rise, nor did he eat with them.
12:18 On the seventh day the child died. David's servants did not dare to tell him that the child was dead. For they said, "When the child was alive, he would not listen to us, even while we were persuading him; but if we tell him that the child is dead, will we not be more grieved?"
12:19 When David saw his servants whispering to one another, he knew that the child was dead, and asked his servants, "Is the child dead?" They said, "Dead."
12:20 So David got up from the ground, bathed, anointed himself, changed his clothes, and went into the house of the LORD to worship; then he returned to the palace, and ordered a meal to be served, and he ate it.
12:21 The servants asked him, "What is the meaning of what you have done? When the child was alive, you fasted and wept; but when the child died, you arose and ate."
12:22 David said, "I fasted and wept while the child was alive, because I thought, "Perhaps the LORD has had mercy on me and has kept the child from dying.
12:23 Why should I fast when the child is dead? Shall I cause him to return? I will go to him, but he will not return to me."
12:24 And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and slept with her. And she gave birth to a son, and called his name Solomon. And the LORD loved him.
12:25 and gave him a name called Jedidiah through Nathan the prophet, because the LORD loved him.
12:26 Joab took Rabbah, the capital of the Ammonites.
12:27 And Joab sent messengers to David, saying, "I have taken Rabbah, and taken its cities of water.
12:28 Now you are to gather the rest of your army and set up an encampment to besiege this city. I fear that when I have taken this city, men will call it by my name."
12:29 So David gathered all his armies and went to Rabbah to take the city, and he took it.
12:30 And he took the crown of gold which the king of the Ammonites wore (note: "king" or "Malcham" is the name of the god of the Ammonites), and the gold of it weighed one tareth, and it was inlaid with precious stones. The men put this crown on David's head. David took a lot of possessions from the city and
12:31 and pulled out the men of the cities and put them under saws, or under harrows, or under axes, or made them pass through brick kilns (or "forced them to use saws, or iron tools for beating grain, or iron axes for work, or to serve in brick kilns"). This is how David treated the inhabitants of the cities of Ammon. After that, David and all the army went back to Jerusalem.

The Expository Part: The Devil's Priests Abuse David
10-88, (1) "12:1 And the LORD sent Nathan to David", asking, Is this so? (2) "12:1 When Nathan came to David, he said to him, "There were two men in a city: the one was a rich man and the other a poor man. 12:2 The rich man had many herds of cattle and flocks; 12:3 and the poor man had nothing but a lamb, which he had bought to feed. The lamb grew up in his house with his children, and ate what he ate, and drank what he drank, and slept in his arms, and was like a daughter to him. When a guest came to the rich man's house, the rich man did not want to take one of his cattle and flocks to feed his guest, but he took the poor man's lamb and prepared it for his guest". Answer: (1) It was not the real "Jehovah", but a demon changed "Jehovah" who sent "Nathan" to David to compel the king. (2) No. The "priests" were demons who talked nonsense. The "rich" were in fact self-serving, self-serving "priests" (Jewish preachers).

10-89, (1) "12:5 Then David was very angry with the man, and said to Nathan, "I swear by the living LORD, he who does this deserves to die! (2) 12:7 Nathan said to David, "You are the man! 12:8 I have given you your master's house, and your master's wife into your bosom, and the house of Israel and Judah; if you had thought that it was not enough, I would have given you twice as much. 12:9 Why have you despised the LORD's command and done what is evil in his sight? Why do you defy the LORD's command and do what is evil in his sight? You killed Uriah the Hittite by the sword of the Ammonites, and took his wife as your wife. 12:10 Since you have despised me and have taken Uriah the Hittite's wife as your wife, therefore the sword shall never leave your house" Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) No. It is a lie of the "priests". (2) This is the "priests" slandering, scandalizing and insulting the wise and mighty David. It is normal that "the sword will never leave anyone's house", and Israel is still at war today because of "Judaism", which has been a scourge for ages.

10-90, (1) "12:11 Thus says the LORD: I will raise up evil against you out of your house, and I will give your concubines to others in your sight, and he will sleep with them in the daylight. 12:12 You do this in secret, but I will repay you in the daylight before all Israel", Q. Is this so? (2) "12:13 And David said to Nathan, I have sinned against the LORD! Nathan said to him, "The LORD has put away your sin, and you will not die. 12:14 But by doing this you have given the LORD's enemies a great opportunity to blaspheme; therefore, the child you have gained will surely die". Answer: This is the "priestly" devil slandering, scandalizing and abusing the wise and mighty David.
10-91, (1) "12:15 Then Nathan went home. 12:16 So David pleaded with God for the child, and fasted, and went into his inner chamber, and lay on the ground all the night. 12:17 The old ministers of his house came to him to lift him up from the ground, but he would not rise, nor did he eat with them". Why did the LORD not strike David? Why did "the LORD strike the child born to David by Uriah's wife and make him seriously ill"? "What reason did the LORD have to mutilate an innocent child? Is this not an insult to the LORD's inability to distinguish between right and wrong? Answer: The priests were slandering, scandalising and insulting the wise and powerful David with lies, and at the same time insulting the LORD.

10-92, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "12:13 No matter how much pain you feel about your sins and how heavy they are, you can, like David, pour out your heart to God and ask him for forgiveness. After we confess our sins and repent, God will always forgive", Q: Is this true? (2) "Even though David confessed his sin (12:13), God punished him by causing the death of the son born to him": Is this not saying that "God kills the innocent"? Is this not an insult to God? Is this not saying that "God is unjust" and that the "leaders" condone sin? Answer: (1) From the "priests" in ancient times to the preachers of today under the guise of "Christianity", they are all of the same mother, a group of demons, so they will make people follow these lies of the "Old Testament". They are all a bunch of demons, so they make people follow these lies of the "Old Testament". "All can pour out their hearts to God like David and ask him for forgiveness", but such a God is not "Jehovah" at all, but a demon in the guise of "Jehovah". The demons are happy to see normal people as criminals kneeling at their feet so that the "priests" (Jewish preachers under the guise of "Christianity") can have the majesty of the high and mighty. (2) It is the "Jewish missionaries" who are insulting "David and Jehovah".

10-93, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "Why did this child die? It was not God's punishment for the child born of adultery, but the judgment of David's sin": do you see? Killing the child and saying "it was not God's punishment for the child born of adultery" is to make people not know what is "right and wrong", to make them "take falsehood for truth and wrong for right". This is the indoctrination of the devil! It is also the reason why "priests, ministers and ministers" from ancient times to the present day have the same tone. They are all the Judaism that "Jesus" brought down, and now they are all promoting Judaism under the guise of "Christianity".
(2) "David and Bathsheba also deserved to die, but God spared their lives, but left the boy to die, because God wanted David to build up the kingdom of Israel, and he had a work for David to do": do you see? It means that "priests, ministers and priests" can also sin, because God wants them to preach, so they will cover up the criminals and let the weak victims die.
(3) "The death of this child was perhaps more painful to David than his own death": do you see? This is the false mercy of the devil.
10-94, (1) "12:18 And on the seventh day the child died. David's servants did not dare to tell him that the child was dead. For they said, "While the child was alive, he would not listen to us, even while we were persuading him; but if we tell him that the child is dead, will we not be more grieved?" , Q: Is that right? (2) "12:19 When David saw his servants whispering to one another, he knew that the child was dead, and asked his servants, saying, Is the child dead?" They said, "Yes. 12:20 So David got up from the ground, bathed, anointed himself, changed his clothes, went into the house of the LORD and worshipped, and returned to the palace, and ordered a meal to be served, and he ate.", Q: Is that so? Answer: This is the "Jewish preachers" who were insulting "David".

10-95, (1) "12:22 And David said, "While the child lives, I fasted and wept, for I thought, Perhaps the LORD will have mercy on me and keep the child from dying. 12:23 Why should I fast when the child is dead? Shall I cause him to return? I will go to him, but he shall not return to me", Q: Is that so? (2) "12:24 And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and slept with her. And she gave birth to a son, and called his name Solomon. And the LORD loved him, and gave him a name, Jedidiah, through Nathan the prophet, because the LORD loved him". Answer: This is the "Jewish preacher", the devil, who is making up rumours and insults about "David".
(1) "12:20-24 He gave Solomon, the son of David after Bathsheba, a name, Jedidiah, which means "the LORD loved him". meaning, that he may remember the grace of God", Q. Is that so? (2) "We turn to God and receive his forgiveness of sins, and he gives us a new beginning. But first we must confess our sins to God and turn to him as David did before we can feel the forgiveness of our sins and then live anew and strive forward", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) No. There was no such person as "Bathsheba" with David. It was the "priests" who kidnapped David to promote himself, "that he might remember the grace of God". (2) "And he gave us a new beginning" is a demonic heresy. It is when we change our ways and turn from evil to good that we make "our new beginning"; it is when we think things through and change our minds that we give ourselves, not from outside. (3) "First we must confess our sins to God and turn to him as David did before we can feel the forgiveness of our sins", this is the "priests" kidnapping David to make him a "celebrity", making him their This was a "celebrity effect" that the "priests" had kidnapped David to become the face of their demonic heresy.

10-97, (1) "12:27 And Joab sent messengers to David, saying, I have attacked Rabbah and taken its cities of water. 12:28 Now gather the rest of your army, and encamp against this city. I fear that when I have taken this city, men will call it by my name", Q: Is this so? (2) "12:29 So David gathered all his army and went to Rabbah and took the city. 12:30 And he took the crown of gold that the king of the Ammonites wore (note: "king" or "Malcham" Malcham was the Lord of Melech. The gold of the crown, which weighed one tarem, was inlaid with precious stones. The men put this crown on David's head. David took much wealth from the city", Q. Is this true? (3) "12:31 And he took the men of the cities and put them under a saw, or under a harrow, or under an iron axe, or made them go through a brick kiln (note: or "forced them to use a saw, or an iron tool for beating grain, or an iron axe for work, or made them serve in a brick kiln"). David did this to all the inhabitants of the cities of Ammon", Q. Is this true? Answer: Yes. Is. Is.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 28 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





