The Bible Old Testament Book 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 30 "David" lays down the law of "equal sharing of the spoils"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

1-2, "30:1 On the third day, David and those who followed him came to Zechlag. The Amalekites had already invaded the southern land, and had broken through Zegorah and burned it with fire.30:2 They took the women of the city and the small and large population of it, but they did not kill any of them, but took them all away with them", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes. Is.
3-5. "30:3 When David and those who followed him came to the city, they did not expect that it was burned, and their wives and children were taken captive; 30:5 and two of David's wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelite and Abigail the Carmelite, who had been Nabal's wife, were also taken captive", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
4. "30:4 And David and those who followed him cried with a loud voice until they had no breath": (1) This was a lie of the devil. (2) This was the Jewish devilish group slandering and mocking the godly David. (3) The vile and shameless Jewish priests had imposed their own ideas on David. David was cool about it.

6. "30:6 David was very anxious, for the people were distressed about their children, and said that they would stone him to death. But David leaned on the LORD his God and was strong in his heart": (1) No, this was a wild guess on the part of the devil, the "priest" (the priest). Any king would have had the grace not to be alarmed and would not have been "very anxious". (2) David relied on his own wisdom, his maturity and steadiness of mind. The words "leaning on the Lord his God, and being strong in his heart" were a wild guess made by the devil, the "priest" (priest).

7. "30:7 And David said to Abiathar the priest, the son of Ahimelech, "Bring me Ephrath, please. And Abiathar brought Ephrath to David": (1) There was no such thing. For the priests of the Old Testament, in order to give their predecessors a reputation as "compelling kings", had to create the illusion that they, the devil priests, were worthy, in order to exalt themselves. (2) "Ephod", Hebrew: אפוד, refers to the special garment worn by those who held the office of priest in Judaism, which was the same as the Chinese "monk's garment and Taoist robe", and which the devil wore so as to be able to put on a show in an honorable manner (2) "The devil wears a special garment, just like the Chinese "monk's robes and Taoist robes", so that the devil can put on his farce of "compelling people and concealing them from the world". (3) "Ahimelech and Abiath", both Jewish priests, are demons who compel people and confuse kings under the guise of Yahweh, and are criminals in hell.

8. "30:8 David asked the LORD, saying, "Can I pursue the enemy's army and catch up with it? And the LORD said, "You may pursue, and you will catch up, and all will be saved": (1) This was all made up by the devil himself, the "Jewish priests" (priests, ministers), to deify "Ephod (1) This was all made up by the devil himself, the "priest" (priest), to deify "Ephrathah" (the garment worn by the "priest") and to highlight the authority of the "priest" (priest). (2) It was not "Yahweh" who said this, but the devil himself, the "priest" (priest, pastor), who made it up. (3) Anyone else would have pursued the enemy decisively, let alone the wise "David".

30:9 So David and the six hundred men who were following him came to the brook Piso; and those who could not go stayed there.
30:10 But David went on after them with four hundred men; and two hundred were too weary to cross the brook of Bethel, and so they stayed there.
11-13, "30:11 When these four hundred men met an Egyptian in the field, they brought him to David and gave him bread to eat and water to drink, 30:12 and a piece of fig cake and two grape cakes. When he had eaten, he recovered in spirit, for he had not eaten bread or drunk water for three days and three nights.30:13 David asked him, "To whom do you belong? Where are you from? He answered and said to him, I am a young man of Egypt, a slave of the Amalekites. For I was sick three days ago, and my master cast me off", asked, Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

30:14 We have invaded the south of Kiritti and the land belonging to Judah, and the south of the land of Caleb, and have burned up Zechariah with fire."
30:15 David asked him, "Will you lead us to the enemy's army?" He answered, "Swear to me by God that you will not kill me or deliver me into the hand of my master, and I will lead you down to the enemy."
16. "30:16 And the man led David down, and he saw them scattered on the ground, eating and drinking and dancing, because of the great amount of goods that had been taken from the land of Philistia and from the land of Judah. 30:17 And David smote them from dawn until the next night, and not one of them escaped, except four hundred young men on camels" Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes. Is.
18-19. "30:18 And David took back all the goods that the Amalekites had taken, and saved his two wives. 30:19 And David took back all that the Amalekites had taken, small and great, children and goods, and did not lose one of them", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

30:20 The cattle and flocks that David had taken, the men who followed him drove them before the original herd, saying, "This is David's plunder."
30:21 David came to the two hundred men who were too weary to follow and who had stayed at the brook of Bethel. They came out to meet David and those who were following. David came and asked them to be at peace.
30:22 The wicked and the bandits who were following David said, "Since these men did not go with us, we will not give them any of the goods that we have taken, but will give them each of their wives and children to take with them."

23. "30:23 And David said, Brothers, do not withhold from them what the LORD has given us, for he has blessed us and delivered into our hands the army of our enemies that attacked us": (1) These were not David's words, but those of the "Jewish priests ". The Jewish priests opened their mouths with "Yahweh" and spoke of everything as "given to us by Yahweh", which is the most scandalous and shameful thing about the whole of Judaism. (2) As the "Old Testament" became part of the "Christian Bible", all Jewish doctrine became "Christian doctrine", for the Christian church group is a devilish group under the guise of Christianity. The Christian church group is a devilish group under the guise of Christianity, which is in fact the Jewish group. (3) Yahweh protects only the righteous side. He will not protect the devilish group that sacrifices animal flesh to Yahweh.

24. "30:24 Who will obey you in this matter? How much is for those who go into battle, and how much is for those who guard the utensils, and they should all share equally": (1) This is because David grew up shepherding sheep, he came from a commoner background, and he knew the importance of weighing up the importance, so he had a just heart. (2) "Those who went into battle and those who guarded the instruments" were all one, but they had a different division of labour; without the logistical support of "those who guarded the instruments", "those who went into battle" would not have been able to win the battle. (3) "We should all be equal. (3) "It should be equally divided among them all" shows that David was a wise ruler.

30:25 David made this the law and the code of Israel from that day until this day.
26. "30:26 When David came to Zechariah, he took some of the plunder and gave it to the elders of Judah, his friends, saying, "This is a gift from the enemy of the LORD": (1) Was David's enemy the enemy of the LORD? No. This is the tone of the devil who kidnapped Jehovah's compulsive heart. (2) The "Jewish priest" who writes always writes under the guise of "Yahweh" in order to highlight the authority of the "priest" himself; today's "priests and ministers" also write under the guise of "Yahweh". "They are all demons who kidnap "Yahweh" and do their sins through God. The "David" that the "priest" creates in words, always under the guise of "Jehovah", is not convincing to normal people. (3) The "enemy of David" is not the "enemy of the LORD". The true God of the LORD hates the bad people who burn, kill, rob and pillage, the Jewish priests who promote demonic indoctrination under the guise of the LORD, which is why Jesus called the Jewish group "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (4) God does not get involved in the struggle for human interests, but comes down to earth or in a separate spirit to establish a culture of righteousness and knowledge, to fight against evil and to bring peace to future generations.

30:27 He sent gifts to those who lived in Bethel, to those who lived in Nandi Ramah, to those who lived in Jathir, 30:28 to those who lived in Aroer, to those who lived in Shimon, to those who lived in Ishmael
30:29 to those who lived in Rahal, and to those who lived in Jerahmeel, and to those who lived in Gennesaret, 30:30 and to those who lived in Horem, and to those who lived in Gerasan, and to those who lived in Atar
30:31 those who dwell in Hebron, and those whom David and those who follow him have been visiting.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 2017-3-20 22:04:06 Aug 11 edit Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
, 





