The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 6 The priests slandered David
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
6:1 And David gathered together all the chosen men of Israel, thirty thousand.
6:2 David got up and went with all the men who were following him to bring the ark of the covenant of God from Para Judah. The ark of the covenant was the ark of the covenant that sat in the name of the LORD of the ten thousand armies of the second cherubim.
6:3 They carried the ark of the covenant out of Abinadab's house on the hill and put it on a new cart. Uzzah and Ahijor, Abinadab's two sons, drove the new chariot.
6:4 As they carried the ark of the covenant out of Abinadab's house on the hill, Ahijor walked in front of it.
6:5 And David and all the house of Israel made music and danced before the LORD with every kind of musical instrument made of pine, with lyres, thurs, drums, cymbals, and gongs.
6:6 When they came to the harvest field at Nabon, Uzzah reached out and held the ark of the covenant of God because the oxen had lost their forefoot.
6:7 The Lord God was angry with Uzzah and struck him dead because of this mistake, and he died by the ark of God's covenant.
6:8 And David was troubled in his heart because the LORD had struck down (note: "broken through") Uzzah, and he called that place Zeresh Uzzah, even to this day.
6:9 On that day David feared the LORD and said, "How can the ark of the covenant of the LORD be brought to me?"
6:10 So David refused to carry the ark of the covenant of the LORD into the city of David, but carried it to the house of Obed-Edom the Gathite.
6:11 The ark of the covenant of the LORD was in the house of Obeidon the Gathite for three months. The LORD blessed Obed-Edom and his whole household.
6:12 It was told to King David, "The LORD has blessed the house of Obed-Edom and all that belong to him because of the ark of the covenant." So David went and carried the ark of the covenant of God from the house of Obed-Edom to David's city with great joy.
6:13 When the men carrying the ark of the covenant of the LORD had gone six steps, David offered an ox and a fat lamb as a sacrifice.
6:14 And David danced before the LORD with all his might, dressed in fine linen as Ephrath.
6:15 In this way David and all the house of Israel rejoiced and blew the trumpets, and brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
6:16 And when the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal the daughter of Saul looked through the window, and saw King David dancing enthusiastically before the LORD, and despised him in his heart.
6:17 And the people invited the ark of the covenant of the LORD in, and laid it in the place prepared, in the tent which David had pitched. David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.
6:18 When David had finished offering the burnt offering and the peace offering, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts
6:19 and gave to all Israel, both men and women, one loaf of bread, one piece of meat, and one grape cake. And all the people went to their houses.
6:20 When David returned home to bless his family, Michal, Saul's daughter, came out to meet him, saying, "What an honour it is for the king of Israel to show himself today before the eyes of his servant's handmaid, as a despicable man shows himself without shame!"
6:21 David said to Michal, "This is before the LORD; the LORD has chosen me, and has abolished your father and your father's whole house, and has made me king over the LORD's people Israel; therefore I will dance before the LORD.
6:22 I will also be more humble, and consider myself despised. And those handmaidens of whom you speak, they shall honor me."
6:23 And Michal, the daughter of Saul, had no children until the day of her death.

Expository section.
10-45, (1) "6:2 David got up and went with all the people who followed him to bring the ark of the covenant of God from Para Judah. This ark of the covenant is the ark of the covenant that sits in the name of the LORD of the ten thousand armies of the second cherubim", Q: Is that so? (2) "6:3 They carried the ark of the covenant of God out of the house of Abinadab on the hill and put it on a new cart. And Uzzah and Ahijor, the two sons of Abinadab, drove the new chariot", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) "The ark of the covenant, which sat in the name of the Lord of the ten thousand armies of the second cherubim" was a tool used by the "priests" for their own "sins through God and their falsehood". This was a claim by the "priests" to have David gradually hollowed out by the power of the "priests", and a manifestation of the "priests'" greed for "unity of church and state". This was a manifestation of the "priests'" greed for the "unity of church and state". This was a sign that the Jews were worshipping "idols". The Jews, however, stigmatized the pagans for worshipping "idols", and only their worship of "idols" was not "idolatry". They are "self-praising, selfish, narrow-minded, mean-spirited and cruel" devils. (2) The two sons of Abinadab, Uzzah and Ahijor, guarded the Ark of the Covenant, which shows that the "priests" were the same as the Chinese Daoist school of the Righteous One This shows that the "priests" were the same as the "sons and grandsons" of the Chinese Taoist sect, which is "selfish and narrow-minded" and the opposite of "the way of heaven has no relatives".
10-46. (1) "6:5 David and all the house of Israel made music and danced before the LORD with every kind of musical instrument made of pine and with lyres, thurs, drums, cymbals, and gongs", Q. Is this true? (2) "6:6 When they came to the harvest field at Nabon, because the ox had lost its hoof, Uzzah reached out and took hold of the ark of the covenant of God. The Lord God was angry with Uzzah and struck him down for this error, and he died by the ark of the covenant of God". Answer: (1) The "dancing and making merry before the LORD" are "priestly" devils slandering the LORD, which is the opposite of the LORD's teaching. (2) It was not "God, Jehovah, who was angry with Uzzah", but the "priests" who assassinated him in order to raise the profile of the "Ark of the Covenant" and make people fear it. (3) Even a normal person would not kill someone, so how could "Jehovah the God" have "wrongly struck and killed" Uzzah because "he reached out to hold the ark of the covenant of God"? How could it be possible that "God the LORD" could "wrongfully slay" Uzzah because "he reached down and held the ark of the covenant"? Therefore, it was the devil (the priest) who slandered, defamed and insulted "Jehovah the God".

10-47, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "6:6-7 Was it fair for God to be angry with Uzzah when he was only trying to protect the ark of the covenant? Numbers 4:5-15 states that only the Lemuelites were allowed to carry the ark of the covenant, carrying it in tribute - they were not to touch the ark itself, and to touch the ark (the sacred object) would be a violation of Israel's law (cf. Num. 4:15). God's action was directed both at David and at Uzzah. David followed the example of the Philistines by placing the ark of the covenant on an ox cart (1 Sam 6:7-8) instead of doing what God had commanded him to do, and Uzzah, even though he wanted to protect the ark out of loyalty, still had to bear the consequences of sinning against God by touching the holy things". Answer: (1) The touching of the ark of the covenant (the holy relics) was not a violation of Israel's law, but of the law of the "priests" within Israel, for only the "priests and their families" had the privilege of "touching the ark of the covenant "The privilege of touching the ark of the covenant was a disrespect to the authority of the "priests"; obviously, this was a devilish mentality that could not be violated, and the "priests" were all mean and evil. The "priests" were the embodiment of a mean and vicious demon. (2) David is like Zhuge Liang, but it is Sima Yi who has the last laugh on earth. David was a thorn in the side of the "priestly" forces, so everything would be directed against him.
10-48, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "6:6-7 Uzzah may not have been a Levite, but David intended to turn Israel to God and rebuild their relationship with Him, but God acted harshly to remind the whole people that their zeal for Him must also be in accordance with His law. When David brought the ark of the covenant to Jerusalem again, he did it with care and in full accordance with God's instructions (1 Chronicles 15:1-15)", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) Not "Uzzah may not have been a Levite" because "Uzzah" was not a "priest's family". (2) It was not at all "God's stern action to bring the whole tribe to remembrance", but the devil, the "priest", who was "killing the chicken to scare the monkey".

10-49. (1) "6:8 And David was troubled in his heart because the Lord had struck down Uzzah, and he called the place Uzzah, even to this day", Q. Is this true? (2) "6:9 On that day David feared the LORD and said, "How can the ark of the covenant of the LORD be brought to me?" and asked, Is that so? (3) "6:10 Then David refused to carry the ark of the covenant of the LORD into the city of David, but carried it to the house of Obed-Edom the Gathite", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. David had doubts about "the LORD smote Uzzah". David realised that the LORD was not a generous and charitable God, and he saw that the LORD was cruel, so he was troubled. (2) Yes. (2) Yes. David was not "afraid of the LORD", but "afraid of the priests around the LORD", realizing that the "priests" were all demonic and inviolable outlaws. (3) Yes.
10-50, (1) "6:11 The ark of the covenant of the LORD was in the house of Edom the Gathite for three months. The LORD blessed Obed-Edom and his whole household". (2) What blessing was given to Obed-Edom and his household? Answer: (1) The LORD did not bless "Obed-Edom and all his household". (2) In the mouths of the "priests", they would say at all times that the LORD would bless whoever approached the "ark of the covenant of the LORD". If the LORD does not bless whoever approaches the Ark of the Covenant, then the Ark of the Covenant will have no reason to be feared and will be worthless, and the priests will not be feared. The "priest" would not be feared.
10-51, (1) "6:13 When the men who carried the ark of the covenant of the LORD had gone six steps, David offered an ox and a fat lamb as a sacrifice". Did the LORD like to eat these "oxen and fat lambs"? Answer: (1) The whole of the Old Testament is written in the same style, with the "priests" kidnapping the king as a tool to promote "superstition about Yahweh". (2) The "LORD" gives birth to all things and never kills life for the sake of his own hunger. It is not the "LORD" who does not eat, but the "priests" who are the embodiment of the devil, who demand "sacrifices of oxen and fat sheep".

10-52. (1) "6:14 David danced vigorously before the LORD, dressed in fine linen as Ephrath". (2) "6:16 When the ark of the covenant of the LORD entered the city of David, Michal the daughter of Saul looked through the window and saw King David dancing enthusiastically before the LORD, and she despised him in her heart", Q: Is that so? Answer: This was a lie invented by the priest devil, and this was the devil slandering and insulting David.
10-53, (1) "6:20 And Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet him, saying, The king of Israel has great glory today in showing his body before the eyes of his servant's handmaid, as a despised man shows his body without shame!" , ask: Is that so? (2) "6:21 And David said to Michal, This is before the LORD; the LORD has chosen me, and has abolished your father and your father's whole house, and has made me king over the LORD's people Israel; therefore I will dance before the LORD. 6:22 I will also be more humble, and will look upon myself as a despicable person. And those handmaidens of whom you spoke, they will honour me", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) This was a lie made up by the "priests" to slander David's wife and husband. No king's wife would have said that. (2) These were fabrications made up by the "priests" themselves to exaggerate the authority of God; they were not said by David to Michal. It was the devil using the mouth of "David" to abuse "Saul" because they were both political enemies of the "priest-pope" who had abdicated. (3) Christians, if you find that this is all the devil insulting "David", you become "a Christ with eyes like a flame". If you believe it, you are a slave of the devil.

(1) "6:16-23 Michal was originally David's first wife, but here she is called Saul's daughter, probably to emphasize that her attitude was similar to her father's." Q. Is this true? (2) "It is possible that her contempt for David did not begin with this entry ceremony, but perhaps she thought it was beneath her dignity to be so involved as king at a time when the nation did not value public worship". (3) "Or perhaps she thought it was unseemly for a king to show his feelings in such a way". (4) "Or perhaps he hated David for taking her back from the house of Patmos". Answer: This is all a farce of the "priests" who are descended from the "priests".
(1) "6:16-23 For whatever reason, (Michal) her contempt for her husband escalated into a tit-for-tat, and she became sterile for life". (2) "If you do not curb bitterness and hatred, it will destroy relationships; adjust your emotions before they turn into open confrontation", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) The demon "priest" is talking nonsense. (2) This is the devil using words to kill the invisible, to "kill and silence".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on March 27, 2017 November 6, 2017 edit Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei









Yulia Parshukova