The Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 9 "David" in nostalgia
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]
Original text in part.
9:1 David asked, "Is there anyone left of the house of Saul? I will be gracious to him for Jonathan's sake."
9:2 And there was a servant of the house of Saul, whose name was Zeba, and he was called to David, and the king asked him, "Are you Zeba?" The answer was, "The servant is."
9:3 The king said, "Is there anyone left in Saul's house? I will be gracious to him according to the love of God." Sheba said to the king, "There is also one of Jonathan's sons, who is lame."
9:4 The king said, "Where is he?" Sheba said to the king, "He is in the house of Magi the son of Rodeba'amri."
9:5 So King David sent for him and summoned him from the house of Magi the son of Rhodiptah Amri.
9:6 Mephibosheth son of Jonathan, the grandson of Saul, came to David and fell down and bowed down. David said, "Mephibosheth!" Mephibosheth said, "Here is the servant."
9:7 David said, "Do not be afraid; I will be gracious to you for the sake of your father Jonathan, and will restore to you all the fields of your grandfather Saul, and you may eat with me always."
9:8 Then Mephibosheth bowed down and said, "What is a servant? He is like a dead dog, and the king has shown him such kindness!"
9:9 The king summoned Saul's servant Sheba and said to him, "I have given to your master's son all that belongs to Saul and all his possessions.
9:10 You and all your sons, your servants, shall plow the fields for your master's son Mephibosheth, and bring what you produce for his food; but he shall always eat with me." Sheba had fifteen sons and twenty servants.
9:11 Sheba said to the king, "Whatever my lord and my king command their servants, the servants will do." And the king said, "Mephibosheth will eat with me, as the king's son."
9:12 Mephibosheth had a young son named Micah. And all who lived in the house of Zeba became servants to Mephibosheth.
9:13 So Mephibosheth lived in Jerusalem, and used to eat with the king. He was lame on both legs.
Expository section.
10-69, (1) "9:1 And David asked, saying, Is there any man left of the house of Saul? I will be gracious to him for Jonathan's sake", Q: Is that so? (2) "9:6 And Mephibosheth the son of Jonathan, the grandson of Saul, came to David, and fell down and bowed down. David said, "Do not be afraid, for I will be gracious to you for the sake of your father Jonathan, and will restore to you all the fields of your grandfather Saul, and you may eat with me always", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes, build up your own heart. Is.
10-70, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version:] "9:5-6 Likewise, God forgives our sins generously, and we may be ashamed of our unworthiness, but if we are willing to receive them, we can receive all kinds of rewards. Anyone who is willing to trust in Jesus Christ and receive God's rewards will be welcomed with more enthusiasm than Mephibosheth received. It is not because we are worthy, everything is promised by God (cf. Eph. 2:8-9)", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) It is all modern day demons (Jewish preachers) who are compelling people. (2) God will not forgive us our sins leniently because it is clearly stated in the Articles of Heaven. You cannot forgive sins unless you have repented of your sins or have "made up for them by good works". (3) "We may also be ashamed of our unworthiness" because we do not have the repentance to change our ways. If we had repented of our sins, or if we had done "good works to make up for them", we would not have been "ashamed of our unworthiness". (4) "We are ashamed of our unworthiness, but we can receive every reward if we are willing to receive it" is a shameless, insatiable, demonic mindset. (5) "Whoever will trust in Jesus Christ and receive God's rewards" is a minion of Judaism and an incarnation of the devil. (6) "The LORD" never "promises", God is righteous and unselfish. The "promises of God" are the lies of the demons of Judaism.
10-71, (1) "9:8 Then Mephibosheth bowed down and said, "What is a servant? What is a servant? He is like a dead dog, and he is favoured by the king in this way!" (2) "9:8, and asked, Is this so? (2) "9:9 The king summoned Saul's servant Zeba and said to him, "I have given to your master's son all that belongs to Saul and all his possessions. 9:10 You and all your sons and servants shall plow the fields for your master's son Mephibosheth, and bring what you produce for his food; but he shall always eat with me ", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) One man cannot rule a great kingdom, but needs to establish many groups loyal to him.
10-72. (1) "9:11 And the king said, Mephibosheth will eat with me as the king's son", Q: Is that so? (2) "9:12 Mephibosheth had a young son named Micah. And all who lived in the house of Zerubbabel became servants to Mephibosheth", Q: Is this true? Answer: Yes. This means that David, the man who had pacified the world, was nostalgic for the days when he and Jonathan had known each other. Yes.
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
、
 