The Bible Old Testament 1 True Exposition of Genesis 29 Jacob Deceived into Giving Birth to a Son
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 29 Jacob meets Rachel (29:1-12)
29:1 And Jacob set out on his journey, and came to the land of the Orientals.
29:2 and saw a well in the field, and three flocks of sheep lying by it; for men drink from the well, and the stone over the mouth of the well is large.
29:3 And often the flock gathered there, and the shepherd turned the stone away from the mouth of the well to drink from the sheep, and afterwards put the stone in the same place where the mouth of the well had been.
29:4 Jacob said to the shepherds, "Brothers, where are you from?" They said, "We are from Haran."
29:5 He asked them, "Do you know Laban, the grandson of Nahor?" They said, "We know each other."
29:6 Jacob said, "Is he safe?" They said, "Yes. Behold! Rachel his daughter is coming with the sheep."
29:7 Jacob said, "The day is still high, and it is not time for the flock to gather; why don't you drink the sheep and go and let them loose again?"
29:8 They said, "We cannot, but we must wait until the flock is gathered and the men have turned the stone away from the well before we can drink the sheep."
29:9 While Jacob was talking to them, Rachel came with his father's sheep, for she was the one who tended them.
29:10 When Jacob saw Rachel, the daughter of his maternal uncle Laban, and his maternal uncle Laban's flock, he went up and turned the stone away from the mouth of the well and drank from his maternal uncle Laban's flock.
29:11 When Jacob kissed Rachel, he let out a cry.
29:12 And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's nephew, the son of Rebekah, and Rachel ran to tell her father.
True Commentary on Genesis 29 Laban greets Jacob (29:13-20)
29:13 When Laban heard the message from his nephew Jacob, he ran to meet him, took him in his arms, kissed him, and led him to his house. Jacob told Laban the reason for everything.
29:14 Laban said to him, "You are truly my flesh and blood." So Jacob stayed with him for a month.
29:15 Then Laban said to Jacob, "Though you are my flesh and blood, will you serve me in vain? Tell me, what do you want for wages?"
29:16 Laban had two daughters: the older one was called Leah, and the younger one Rachel.
17. "29:17 Leah's eyes were not godly, but Rachel was born beautiful and handsome": (1) "Leah's eyes were not godly," indicating that she was a gentle and simple woman. (2) "But Rachel was beautiful and handsome" shows that she was fond of showing herself and of vanity.
18. "29:18 And Jacob loved Rachel, and said, I will serve thee seven years for thy little daughter Rachel": (1) Jacob the liar, you have looked away. (2) It shows that Jacob was only concerned with outward appearance and did not know that he cared about inward cultivation, showing that he was a man of unbearable vulgarity.
29:19 Laban said, "I will give her to you more than to anyone else; live with me!"
29:20 Then Jacob ministered to Rachel for seven years. And because he loved Rachel so much, he saw these seven years as a few days.
True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 29 Jacob Deceived (29:21-27)
29:21 Jacob said to Laban, "The days are fulfilled; give me my wife, I pray you, so that I may lie with her."
29:22 So Laban made a feast and invited all the people of the place.
29:23 And it came to pass in the evening that Laban sent his daughter Leah to Jacob, and Jacob took her into his room.
29:24 And Laban gave his maidservant, Sipa, to his daughter Leah as an ambassador.
25. "29:25 When morning came, Jacob saw that it was Leah, and said to Laban, "What is this that you have done to me? Did I not serve you for Rachel? Why do you deceive me?" (1) Everyone in the West knows that "as God closes a door for you, he will also open a window for you". (2) James, if you deceive someone, you will be deceived by a deceiver. This is "karma", didn't your Lord tell you that? Hasn't your father told you that? You are ignorant.
26. "29:26 And Laban said, "Give the younger daughter before the older daughter is given, for there is no such rule in our land." (1) This shows that Laban was a liar, for he did not give Jacob this information beforehand. (2) This shows that both Isaac and Rebekah were deceived by Laban, a liar, and that the people of Batan Aram, the "land of the East", were less honest than the people of Canaan.
29:27 When you have completed seven days for this one, I will give you that one also, and you will serve me seven more years for her."
True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 29 Jacob marries Rachel again (29:28-30)
29:28 And Jacob did so. And when the seven days of Leah were full, Laban gave Rachel, his daughter, to Jacob as his wife.
29:29 And Laban gave his handmaid Pellah to his daughter Rachel as an ambassador.
29:30 Jacob, too, was in the same room with Rachel, and loved her more than he loved Leah, so he served Laban for seven more years.
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 29 The Birth of a Son to Leah (29:31-35)
31. "29:31 When the LORD saw that Leah was out of favour, he gave her birth. But Rachel was barren." (1) It was predetermined by birth whether a woman would have children or not, not "out of favour" at all. (2) "When the LORD saw that Leah was out of favour, he made her bear children" is a "test question" from the LORD to lead you into a ditch so that you will become an "idol" worshipper of the LORD. This is Yahweh's "test" to lead you into a ditch and make you a slave to worship Yahweh as an "idol". If you see through the "test" and are not confused, then you are "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". (3) Do you see? The LORD teaches us in this "reverse thinking" way.
29:32 And Leah conceived and bore a son, and called his name Reuben (note: meaning "to have a son"), thus saying, "The LORD has seen my affliction; now my husband will love me."
29:33 And she conceived and bore a son, and said, "Because the LORD has heard that I have fallen out of favour, he has given me this son again." So she called his name Simeon (note: which means "heard").
29:34 And she conceived and bore a son, and called his name Levi, (note: meaning "union"), saying, "I have given my husband three sons, and he will be united with me."
35. "29:35 And she conceived and bore a son, and said, This time I will praise the LORD. Therefore she called his name Judah (note: which means "praise"). Now this is how the childbearing stopped." : (1) To bring the LORD into everything means that you have worshipped the LORD as an "idol" and that you have become a servant of the LORD, which the LORD rejects. (2) Yahweh is the mother and father of the universe, and the relationship between man and Yahweh is that of "mother and son, father and son". Yahweh wants man to become Christ and live forever in heaven. He does not want man to become a slave of Yahweh and fall into hell.
[Chapter 29: Jehovah created demons like "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob" to demonstrate various "works of magic", so that we can learn from them after pointing out their mistakes, not to learn from them. This is how Yahweh teaches us by "thinking backwards"].
Posted by Li Huaiju on September 2, 2017 10:35 am 2 days 11:30 pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article