The Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 20 The Woman Calms the Rebellion
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) The Bible Old Testament, Chapter 10, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Chapter 19, David's Return to Jerusalem

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
20:1 It happened that there was a bandit there named Sheba, the son of Bikili the Benjamite. He blew his horn and said, "We have no part with David, and nothing to do with the sons of Jesse. Go to your houses, O Israelites!"
20:2 So all the Israelites left David and followed Sheba the son of Bikili. But the men of Judah, from the Jordan to Jerusalem, followed their king closely.
20:3 When King David came to Jerusalem and entered the palace, he confined the ten concubines who had been left to guard the palace to a cold palace, and kept them and did not get close to them. They were confined as widows until the day of their death.
20:4 And the king said to Amasa, "Gather the men of Judah together in three days, and you return here."
20:5 So Amasa went and gathered the men of Judah, but delayed beyond the date the king had given him.
20:6 David said to Abishai, "Now I am afraid that Sheba the son of Bikili has done us more harm than Absalom; lead your Lord's servant after him, lest he gain a fortified city and hide from us."
20:7 And all the men of Joab, and the Cilicians, and the Bilitites, and all the warriors, went out from Jerusalem after Abishai, after Sheba the son of Bikili.
20:8 When they came to the great rock of Gibeon, Amasa came to meet them. Then Joab was dressed in his battle clothes, and his sword was in a belt around his waist, and his sword was in its sheath. Joab went forward, and his sword fell out of its sheath.
20:9 Joab picked up the sword with his left hand and said to Amasa, "Greetings, my brother!" Then he took hold of Amasa's beard with his right hand, to kiss him on the mouth.
20:10 Amasa did not guard against the sword which Joab held in his hand; and Joab thrust it into his belly, and his bowels flowed on the ground; and he died without thrusting him again. Joab and his brother Abishai went forward after Sheba son of Bikile.
20:11 And one of Joab's young men stood by the body of Amasa and said to the people, "Whoever delights in Joab and returns to David, let him go after Joab."
20:12 And Amasa rolled in his own blood on the road. When the man saw all the people passing by standing still, he moved the body of Amasa from the road to the field and covered it with his clothes.
20:13 After the body had been removed from the road, all the people followed Joab, and went after Sheba the son of Bezekiel.
20:14 And he went through all the tribes of Israel as far as Abila of Bethmachah; and all the land of the Bereans, and all the people of those places gathered together to follow him.
20:15 And when Joab and his followers came to Abila of Bemachar, and besieged Sheba, they built a fortress against the city, and the men who followed Joab smote the city with hammers, that they might make it fall down.
20:16 And a wise woman called from the city, saying, "Listen! Listen! Ask Joab to come near so that I may speak to him."
20:17 Then Joab came near. The woman asked him, "Are you Joab?" He said, "Yes, I am." The woman said, "Listen, I pray you, to the handmaid's words." Joab said, "I will listen."
20:18 The woman said, "It was said in ancient times, 'Ask first at Abila, and then the matter will be settled.'
20:19 The people of our city are peaceful and faithful among the Israelites. Why do you want to destroy the great cities in Israel and devour the LORD's inheritance?"
20:20 Joab answered and said to him, "I will never devour and destroy.
20:21 It is because one of the men of the hill country of Ephraim, Sheba son of Bikili, raised his hand against King David. If you give him up alone, I will leave the city." The woman said to Joab, "The man's head will be thrown to you from the walls of the city."
20:22 So the woman went to the people in her wisdom and persuaded them. So they cut off the head of Sheba, the son of Bikili, and threw it to Joab. Joab blew the trumpet, and all the people left the city and went to their own houses. Joab returned to Jerusalem to the king.
20:23 And Joab was marshal of all the armies of Israel; and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada had dominion over the Kerethites and the Pelethites.
20:24 Adoram over the men who served in affliction; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahirul as historian.
20:25 Shepherd as clerk; Zadok and Abiathar as chief priests.
20:26 and Elah the Jairite as David's vizier.

Expository section.
10-147, "20:1 And it came to pass that there was a bandit there, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bikhil the Benjamite. And he blew his horn, saying, We have no part with David, and have nothing to do with the sons of Jesse. 20:2 So all the Israelites left David and followed Sheba the son of Bikili. But all the men of Judah, from the Jordan to Jerusalem, followed their king closely", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:3 When King David came to Jerusalem and entered the palace, he confined the ten concubines who had been left to guard the palace to a cold palace, and kept them and did not get close to them. They were confined as widows until the day of their death", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.
"20:4 And the king said to Amasa, "Gather the men of Judah together within three days, and return to this place. 20:5 And Amasa went and gathered the men of Judah, but delayed beyond the day which the king had appointed", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. It shows that the men of Judah had doubts about David and so were a little slow to respond.

10-148, "20:6 And David said to Abishai, "Now I fear that Sheba the son of Bikili will do us more harm than Absalom, and that you will lead your Lord's servants after him, lest he gain a fortified city and hide from us. 20:7 And all the men of Joab, and the Gileadites, and the Bileadites, and all the warriors, went out from Jerusalem after Abishai, and pursued Sheba the son of Bikili. Sheba the son", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:8 When they came to the great rock of Gibeon, Amasa came to meet them. Then Joab was dressed in his battle clothes, and his belt was girded with his sword, and his sword was in its sheath. As Joab went forward, the sword fell out of its sheath. 20:9 Joab picked it up with his left hand and said to Amasa, "Greetings, my brother!" And he took hold of Amasa's beard with his right hand, that he might kiss him on the mouth. 20:10 And Amasa did not guard against the sword which Joab held in his hand; and Joab thrust it into his belly, and his bowels flowed on the ground; and he died without thrusting him again. And Joab and his brother Abishai went forward after Sheba the son of Bikile", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-149, "20:11 And one of the young men of Joab stood by the body of Amasa, and said to all the people, "Whoever delights in Joab, and whoever submits to David, let him go after Joab", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:15 And when Joab and those who followed him came to Abila in Bethmachah, and besieged Sheba, they built a fortress against the city, and the men who followed Joab smote the city with hammers, that they might cause it to fall", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:18 And the woman said, It was said in olden times, Let us ask first at Abila, and then the matter will be settled. 20:19 The people of our city are peaceful and faithful among the children of Israel. Why do you want to destroy the great cities in Israel and devour the LORD's inheritance?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: Yes. "Ask first in Abila, and then the matter will be settled" means: use wisdom, first consult widely, so that everyone can "turn from passive to active", and then the matter will be settled properly.

10-150, "20:20 Joab answered and said, "I will not devour or destroy. 20:21 But because one of the men of the hill country of Ephraim, Sheba son of Bikili, raised his hand against King David. If you give him up alone, I will leave the city. The woman said to Joab, "The head of that man will be thrown to you from the walls of the city", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:22 So the woman went in her wisdom to persuade the people. So they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bikili and threw it to Joab. Joab blew the trumpet, and the people left the city and went to their own houses. And Joab returned to Jerusalem to the king", asked: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"20:23 Joab was marshal of all the armies of Israel; Benaiah the son of Jehoiada had dominion over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; 20:24 Adoram had charge of those who served in suffering; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahirub was historian; 20:25 Shepherd was clerk; Zadok and Abiathar were chief priests; 20:26 and Elah the Jairite was David's vizier " and asked, Is that so? Answer: Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 30 March 2017 Edited 7 November Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





