The Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary 17 David in the Wilderness
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]
Original text in part.
17:1 Then Ahithophel said to Absalom, "Grant me permission to choose twelve thousand men, and this night I will rise and pursue David.
17:2 While he is weary and weak, I will suddenly overtake him and terrify him. All the people who follow him will flee, and I will kill the king alone.
17:3 so that all the people will come to you. Now that the man whom you sought is dead, all the people will be turned to you as if they had already been turned to you. Then, too, all will be safe."
17:4 And this word was beautiful to Absalom and to the elders of Israel.
17:5 And Absalom said, "Summon Hoshea the Achaean, and we will hear what he has to say."
17:6 When he came to Absalom, Absalom said to him, "This is what Ahithophel said, can we do as he said? If not, say so!"
17:7 Then Hoshea said to Absalom, "The plan which Ahithophel has made this time is not good."
17:8 Then he said to him, "You know that your father and those who followed him were warriors, and now they are angry in their hearts, like a mother bear who throws her cubs in the field; and your father, who was a warrior, will not stay with the people.
17:9 Now he is hiding in a pit or elsewhere, and if anyone is killed first, everyone who hears will say, 'The people who followed Absalom have been killed.'
17:10 Though a man be bold as a lion, his heart will be digested. For all Israel knows that your father is a hero, and all who follow him are warriors.
17:11 In my opinion, why don't you gather all Israel from Dan to Beersheba, as many as the sand on the seashore, to you, and you yourself will lead them into battle?
17:12 Then, wherever we meet him, we will go down to him as the dew goes down on the earth, and not one of them will be left behind, even he who follows him.
17:13 And if he enters any city, all Israel will bring ropes and pull that city into the river, and not even a small stone will be left behind."
17:14 And Absalom and all Israel said, "The scheme of Toshea the Achaean is better than the scheme of Ahithophel!" This was because the Lord had purposed to destroy the good plan of Ahithophel, in order to bring misfortune on Absalom.
17:15 And Hoshea said to Zadok the priest and to Abiathar, "So and so is the plan of Ahithophel for Absalom and for the elders of Israel; and so and so is the plan that I have planned.
17:16 Now you are to send out men with all haste and tell David, 'Do not stay at the ford in the wilderness this night, but make sure you cross the river. Lest the king and those who follow him be swallowed up.'"
17:17 Then Jonathan and Ahimaaz were waiting at Herod's, not daring to enter the city, lest they should be seen. A messenger girl came out and told them this, and they went and reported it to King David.
17:18 But when a boy saw them, he went and told Absalom. They ran in haste to the house of a certain man in Baudhurim; and there was a well in the courtyard of the man, and they went down into it.
17:19 The woman of the house covered the well with a cover, and spread wheat over it, and it did not leak.
17:20 Then the servant of Absalom came to the house and asked the woman, "Where are Ahimaaz and Jonathan?" The woman said, "They have gone over the river." The servant searched for them, but when he could not find them, he went back to Jerusalem.
17:21 After they had gone, the two men came up from the well and went and told King David, "Ahithophel has so and so set out to harm you; make sure you get up and cross the river quickly."
17:22 So David and all those who were following him got up and crossed the Jordan. At daybreak, no one crossed the Jordan.
17:23 When Ahithophel saw that his plan was not followed, he took his donkey and returned to his city. When he reached his house, he left his last words, and hanged himself, and was buried in his father's tomb.
17:24 And David came to Mahanaim, and Absalom and all the Israelites who followed him crossed the Jordan.
17:25 And Absalom made Amasa a marshal instead of Joab. Amasa was the son of Ishmaelite (note: also "Israelite") Etra. Etra had been close to Abigail, the daughter of Nahum, who was sister to Zeruiah, the mother of Joab.
17:26 Both Absalom and the Israelites were encamped in the land of Gilead.
17:27 And David came to Mahanaim, and Sohbi the son of Nahor the Rabbathite, of the tribe of Ammon, and Magi the son of Amriel the Rhodibite, and Basile the Rechilimite, of Gilead
17:28 with quilts, and mattresses, and basins, and bowls, and tiles, and wheat, and barley, and wheat flour, and fried grain, and beans, and red beans, and fried beans
17:29 honey, cream, sheep, and milk cakes for David and for those who followed him. They said, "The people will be hungry and thirsty and weary in the wilderness."
Expository section.
10-127, (1) "17:1 And Ahithophel said to Absalom, "Grant me, I pray you, to choose twelve thousand men, and this night I will arise and pursue David. 17:2 While he is weary and weak in the hand, I will suddenly overtake him and terrify him. All the people who follow him will flee, and I will kill the king alone, 17:3 so that all the people will come to you. Now that the man whom you sought is dead, all the people will be turned to you as they have been. Then all will be safe", Q: Is that so? (2) "17:5 And Absalom said, "Call the Achaean Tosa, and we will hear what he says", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-128, "17:7 And Hoshea said to Absalom, "The counsel of Ahithophel this time is not good. 17:8 And Hoshea said, "You know that your father and those who followed him were warriors, and now they are angry in their hearts, like a mother bear who throws her cubs in the field; and your father, who was a warrior, will not stay with the people. 17:9 Now he is hiding in a pit or elsewhere. 17:10 If anyone is killed first, everyone who hears will say, "The people who followed Absalom have been killed. 17:10 Even if someone is bold as a lion, his heart will be digested. 17:11 In my opinion, it is better that all Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, as many as the sand of the sea, should be gathered to you, and that you yourself should lead them into battle. 17:12 Then, wherever we meet him, we will come down to him as the dew comes down on the earth, and not one of them will be left behind, even he who follows him. 17:13 And if he enters any city, all Israel will bring ropes and pull that city into the river, and not even a small stone will be left", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-129, (1) "17:14 And Absalom and all Israel said, Better is the counsel of Togetherness the Achaean than the counsel of Ahithophel! This was because the Lord had determined to destroy the good plan of Ahithophel, in order to bring misfortune on Absalom", Q: Is this true? (2) "17:15 Then Hoshea said to Zadok and Abiathar the priests, "The counsel of Ahithophel for Absalom and for the elders of Israel is so and so; and the counsel of my counsel is so and so. 17:16 Now you are to send out men quickly and tell David, "Do not stay at the ford in the wilderness this night, but cross the river. Lest the king and all who follow him be swallowed up". Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) This was David's plan, not at all "the good plan of the LORD to destroy Ahithophel". This is the most annoying thing about the devil, that the "priest" refers to all his schemes as "Jehovah". (2) Yes.
10-130, (1) "17:17 Then Jonathan and Ahimaaz were waiting at Herod's, not daring to enter the city, lest they should be seen. A messenger girl came out and told them this, and they went and reported it to King David.17:18 But a boy saw them, and went and told Absalom. They hurried to the house of a certain man in Baudhurim; 17:19 and there was a well in the courtyard of that man, and they went down into it. The woman of the house covered the well with a cover and spread wheat over it, and the matter did not leak", Q: Is that so? (2) "17:20 And the servant of Absalom came to the house, and asked the woman, saying, "Where are Ahimaaz and Jonathan?" The woman said, "They have gone over the river." The servant looked for them, but when he could not find them, he went back to Jerusalem.17:21 When they had gone, they came up from the well and went and told King David, saying, "As Ahithophel has so planned to harm you, you must get up and cross the river quickly.17:22 So David and all who were following him got up and crossed the Jordan. And when it was day, no one crossed the Jordan", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-131, (1) "17:23 When Ahithophel saw that his plan was not followed, he took his donkey and returned to his city. When he reached home, he left his last words, and hung himself, and was buried in his father's grave", Q: Is that so? (2) "17:27 When David came to Mahanaim, Sobhi the son of Nahor the Rabbathite of the tribe of Ammon, and Magi the son of Ammiel the Rhodipite, and Basile the Rechilimite of Gilead, 17:28 brought quilts, mattresses, basins, bowls, tiles, wheat, barley, wheat flour, fried grain, beans, red beans, fried beans, 17:29 honey, cream, sheep, and milk cakes for David and for those who followed him to eat", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 30 March 2017 Edited 6 November Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
、
 



