The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 19 "Lot" was a righteous man who "gave himself up to save others"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 19 Lot receives the two angels (19:1-9)
1. "19:1 And the two angels came to Sodom by night. Lot was sitting at the gate of Sodom, and when he saw them, he rose up to meet them, and fell on his face and worshipped": (1) Lot "fell on his face and worshipped", which means that he regarded "both angels" as (1) Lot "fell on his face and worshipped", indicating that he regarded both "angels" as "idols of sacrifice". (2) This shows that in Abraham's time Yahweh was already an "idol of sacrifice" and had "the beginnings of Judaism", which could be considered the "beginning of Judaism". After the coming of Moses, Judaism ended its "incipient state" and became a formal sect.

2. "19:2 And he said, "My Lord, come and wash your feet in the house of your servant, and stay the night, and rise in the morning and go. They said, "No! We will spend the night in the streets": (1) The LORD made man, the parent of man. Jesus, who founded Christianity, called the Lord "Father, my Father". (2) Lot called the "two angels" "My Lord" and positioned himself as a "servant", which is the Jewish relationship between a demon king and a servant. (3) Remember, this is where Christianity differs from Judaism.

3. "19:3 Then Lot invited them earnestly, and they went in to his house. Lot prepared a feast for them and baked unleavened bread, and they ate it": (1) The "two angels" were very human, coming to earth as earthlings and eating the same. (2) This is a "metaphorical" way of saying that every earthly person can be an "angel", but you just don't know it.

4. "19:4 Before they lay down, all the people of Sodom from every part of the city, old and young, came and surrounded the house": (1) They heard that two foreigners had come to his house. (2) The fact that "the old and the young" had come shows that the city of Sodom had become a real devil's den.
5. "19:5 Call to Lot, saying, "Where are the men who came to you this night? Bring them out and let us do what we want": (1) "Let us do what we want" means to "sodomize" (gang rape) the two new men. (2) This is a manifestation of the heightened lust and devilry, and also a manifestation of the loss of humanity, shamelessness and devilishness, showing that they are worse than animals and have lost their qualifications as human beings.

6. "19:6 Lot came out, shut the door, and went to the people": (1) The two angels were first protected from entanglement. (2) It shows that Lot did things very delicately and wisely.
7. "19:7 Saying, "Brothers, please do not do this evil": (1) Lot called the wicked "brothers" because he was a foreigner and weak, and he wanted the wicked to spare the two angels for the sake of "brothers (1) Lot called the wicked "all the brothers" because he was a foreigner and weak. (2) "Please do not do this evil thing" is a powerful admonition to the wicked that you must correct your wrongs and that your words and actions are wrong. Lot was a "righteous man" in the sense that he was able to persuade people to "turn from evil to good". (3) Such a man was the cream of the crop, and this was one of the reasons why Lot should have lived.

8. "19:8 I have two daughters, virgins, whom I will bring out to do what your heart desires, but since these two have come to my house, do nothing to them": (1) Lot had lived in the city of Sodom for many years and did not become a devil like the "Sodomites "This shows that Lot was a wise man who knew right from wrong, and a noble man who kept his wits about him. (2) To protect two foreigners, he offered his own daughter to be "raped" by them. Lot had become a righteous man who "gave himself up to save others" and had become the Christ. (3) The fact that a man like Lot was a hero, not to be found among 100,000 people, shows that he had the noblest of human genes, which is one of the reasons why Lot should have lived.

9. "19:9 And the people said, Retreat! And they said, This man has come to live as a parasite, and he wants to be a ruler! Now we will do more harm to you than to them. And the people came forward and crowded Lot, and broke down the door of the house": (1) And the people said, "Go back! Do not protect them. And they said, "Does this man who has come to live in the house want to be a ruler over us? (2) Since you wanted to spoil our good deeds, now we will do you more harm than we did them. (3) And the multitude of the devils, being in a high state of lust and impatience, came forward and crowded Lot to break through the door of the house and to do the evil deed of "gang rape" to the "two angelic" men. (4) They were not interested in Lot's two daughters, but in the foreign men. Are they still human? Are they still men? Is there any need for them to live in this world? Shouldn't such a devil's cave be destroyed? (5) Their living on earth is a desecration and corruption of "human morality", and they will therefore be destroyed by the Lord.

Genesis 19: The angels rescue Lot (19:1-9)
19:10 But the two men stretched out their hands, and took Lot into the house, and shut the door behind them.
11. "19:11 and made the eyes of those outside the door, young and old, faint; and they felt around, but could not find the door of the house": (1) This was a demonstration of the angel's miraculous power. (2) This miraculous power is called "blindness" in Chinese.

12. "19:12 Then the two said to Lot, "Do you have anyone else here? Whether sons-in-law or sons and daughters or all who belong to you in this city, you shall bring them out of this place": (1) "All who belong to you in this city" means those who are able to listen to your commands and follow you out of this place. (2) "You shall take them all out of this place" from here.

13. "19:13 We will destroy this place, for the voice of evil in the city is great before the LORD, and the LORD has sent us to destroy this place": (1) It is not that the LORD told the angels to destroy this place, but that the people here have been destroyed by their demonic nature and have become pure demons, and they cannot live in They could not live in the world of men. (2) The morally corrupt and sinful words and deeds of the men in the city of Sodom had defiled the spiritual humanity, which had completely regressed into a demonic nature, completely destroying the environment of the human world, and therefore, would be destroyed by the LORD.

14. "19:14 Then Lot went out and told his sons-in-law who had married his daughters, saying, "Get up and leave this place, for the LORD will destroy the city. But his sons-in-law thought he was speaking in jest": (1) In the face of good advice and kindness, "his sons-in-law thought he was speaking in jest" and slandered his deliverer for "playing games" with them. Such a man is an irredeemable dead man. (2) This means that "he who deserves to die does not listen and is not allowed to be saved".

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 19: Leading Lot to avoid the plague (19:15-22)
15. "19:15 And when it was daybreak, the angel pressed Lot, saying, "Arise! Take your wife and your two daughters who are here and go out, lest you be destroyed with them for the iniquity of this city": (1) It is often a family that lets save and can save. (2) Different families are in different states of mind. It is the people within a family that will differ according to their realm.

16. "19:16 But Lot delayed and did not go. And the two men, because the Lord had compassion on Lot, took him by the hand, and his wife by the hand, and his two daughters by the hand, and led them out, and set them outside the city": (1) "Lot delayed not to go" because there was a lot of his possessions there, and he did not want to give them up, indicating that he had the "demon of possessions". (1) "Lot delayed to go" because he had a lot of possessions there and he did not want to give them up. (2) And they took Lot by the hand, and his wife by the hand, and his two daughters, because the Lord had compassion on him as a "righteous man", and led them out, that is, helped them to overcome their demons and cut off the hold of the devil of possessions.

17. "19:17 And when he had led them out, he said, Flee for your lives! Do not look back, nor stand still in the plain, but flee to the mountains, lest you be destroyed": (1) If you "look back", you will be entangled with the devil of possessions, and you will not be able to go away, and you will not be able to "abandon the darkness to the light". The most precious thing is life, and as long as there is life, there will be possessions. Wealth is created by people, and as long as people are around, they can create wealth. To walk "unattached" and to look forward is the dawn of life. (2) "Do not look back" is a warning to all who want to save their lives when they leave the devil's den of inhumanity. If you want to escape, you must "not look back". If you "look back", you will not be able to escape and you will lose your life. (3) "Do not stand still in the plain, but flee to the hills" is a reminder that "people go to higher ground". One must be sensible and sober in wisdom and noble in sentiment. You must know what is mean and shameless, and you must turn away from it to pursue the noble. (4) If you "stand still on the plain", you have only changed your place, but you have not improved your height or your situation. (5) This is the case with the "Protestant" churches, which have separated from the Catholic Church, and which have denounced the Catholic Church as a group of "Nicolaitans". "The two sects are not very different in their doctrines, and both do not allow Christians to become Christians, but are devilish groups that abuse Christians under the guise of Christianity.

19:18 Lot said to them, "My Lord, do not do this!
19. "19:19 Your servant has found favour in your sight, and you have shown me great kindness to save my life; I cannot flee to the mountain, lest this plague come upon me and I die": (1) This shows that the righteous who are able to "deny themselves and save others" This shows that even a righteous man who can "give himself up to save others" has "bad habits and inertia", and that even a hero who cannot be found among 100,000 people can be foolish at times. (2) Because he had not received systematic training and had the vicious habit of worshipping "idols" with their faces on the ground.

20. "19:20 Behold! This city is small and near, and easy to flee to; is it not a small one? (1) He did not listen to the angel's admonition and bargained with the angel, choosing a small goal that was "small and near, easy to escape to". (2) To be able to live, which is the minimum goal.

21. "19:21 And the angel said to him, "This I also promise you, that I will not overthrow this city of which you speak": (1) I promise you to choose a small goal first, so that you may live first. (2) I will not destroy your small goals in order to give you a little rest to adjust yourself.

22. "19:22 Flee quickly to that city, for I cannot do anything before you get there. Therefore the name of the city is Zoar (note: it means "small")": (1) Flee quickly to that city to fulfil your small purpose. (2) I cannot do anything for you because you are not there yet and have not yet achieved your little goal. I can only save you when you have achieved your little goal and have practically changed your situation.

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 19 The Destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah (19:23-38)
19:23 And Lo got Zoar, and the sun had come out.
19:24 Then the LORD sent down brimstone and fire from the LORD in heaven to Sodom and Gomorrah, and
19:25 and destroyed those cities and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, even what grew on the earth.
26. "19:26 And Lot's wife looked back, and she was turned into a pillar of salt": (1) For the angel had commanded them, "Flee for your lives! Do not look back", but Lot's wife disobeyed the "angel's warning", did not take it seriously, disobeyed the "angel's warning" and She received the punishment she deserved and was turned into a pillar of salt, losing her chance to live. (2) This is to emphasise that the "angel's warning" is not a lie and must be carried out, otherwise you will die.

19:27 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and went to the place where he had stood before the LORD.
19:28 and looked over the whole land of Sodom and Gomorrah and the plain, and behold, the smoke of the place rose up like a burning kiln.
29. "19:29 And when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he remembered Abraham, when he was overthrowing the city where Lot lived, and he sent Lot out of the overthrow": (1) This is the LORD's "test", and if you believe it, you are "blind without ears". (2) There are two reasons why "Lot came out of the overturning": firstly, because Lot did not become a slave to the demons like the people of Sodom; secondly, because Lot wanted to replace the two angels with "two daughters" to be raped by the demons. Lot performed the feat of "giving himself up to save others". Therefore, the reason that "Lot came out of the overturning" was his own, not because the Lord "remembered Abraham" or because Lot was Abraham's nephew.

30. "19:30 And Lot went up with his two daughters from Zoar to dwell in the mountain because he was afraid to dwell in Zoar; and he dwelt in a cave with his two daughters": (1) At first Lot went with Abram to Egypt to escape the famine, and after Abram became rich Lot also had property and competed with Abram for pasture for his livestock. Later, Lot lived in Sodom, one of the "five kings" who had been defeated by the "four kings", and Abram defeated the "four kings" and took back Lot's possessions. Lot knew that the people of Sodom were bad, but he didn't leave and ended up with a broken home and nothing. Remember, "the one to blame is yourself". (2) Lot was afraid to live in Zoar because the people there were unfriendly to him as a down-and-out man and he did not feel safe. He remembered that the angel had told him "not to stand still in the plain, but to flee to the mountains", so he went up from Zoar and stayed in the mountains.

19:31 The elder daughter said to the younger, "Our father is old, and there is no one on earth to come to us according to the ways of the world.
19:32 Come! We can ask our father to drink wine and sleep with him. So that we may save our descendants from him."
33. "19:33 So that night they called their father to drink, and the eldest daughter went in and slept with her father. At what time she lay down and at what time she rose, the father did not know": (1) "That night they called the father to drink", the father was drunk and did not know anything else, did not know what he did, was passive, and therefore had no responsibility or fault and was not liable or at fault. (2) Therefore, this is not something that can be done by ordinary women, but by great women with responsibility.

34. "19:34 On the next day the elder daughter said to the younger daughter, "I slept with my father last night, and this night we will ask him to drink again, so that you may go in and sleep with him. So that we may save descendants from our father": (1) Two ordinary women who, in their wisdom, absolved their father of active sin and took all responsibility for it themselves in silence, in order to reproduce mankind and to give offspring to righteous and good righteous men. (2) By leaving them in the Book of Genesis to inform the world and provoke thought, Jehovah is opening up the greatness of women. (3) Many of the words used on the internet to curse them as "father and daughter incestuous" are the devil's way of slandering them and misleading the public.

19:35 So that night they called their father to drink again, and the youngest daughter rose and slept with her father. And when she lay down and when she rose up, her father did not know.
19:36 Thus both Lot's daughters conceived from her father.
37. "19:37 And the elder daughter gave birth to a son, and called his name Moab, the father of the present Moabites": (1) Etymologically Moab: "Moab" means "descendants of the father ". Such an interpretation is incorrect and is a wild guess. The original meaning of "Moab" is "born again". (2) The Moabites lived in a long, narrow, mountainous area. In ancient times the Moabites often had trouble with their neighbours, the Israelites. In the Old Testament book of Ruth, Boaz marries Ruth, a Moabite woman, who gives birth to Obed, who gives birth to Jesse, who gives birth to David, who is King David. (3) Ruth, a Moabite woman, was the great-grandmother of King David and a direct ancestor of Jesus. The story of Ruth took place around the time of the Scribes, between about 1375 and 1050 BCE.

38. "19:38 The youngest daughter also bore a son, and called his name Benjamin, the father of the present Ammonites": (1) "Benjamin" means "the son of my people". Such an interpretation is incorrect and is a wild guess. The original meaning of the word "Benjamin" is "prosperity". It is the ancestor of the later Ammonites. The word "Ammon" means innate. (2) When the Israelites came into the land of Canaan, they became a great tribe, and their people were most cruel. They lived on the east side of the Jordan, and their southern border was connected to the northern border with the city of Rabbah. When the Israelites approached Canaan, the Ammonites refused to pass through their land and asked Balaam to curse the Israelites, so that the devil, under the guise of God, would never allow them to enter the assembly of the Lord and would become an enemy to them. (3) The Ammonites had long been nomadic and established a kingdom north of Moab in the 13th century BC. David, king of Israel, captured the fortress capital of Ammon after a bitter battle.

[Note: (1) It is clearly written here that the Lord has deliberately left it to future generations to comment on what is contrary to "human decency" in ancient times. (2) In my opinion, we should not judge the ancients from today's perspective, but from their situation in ancient times. (3) To impose today's "human morality" on the ancients is not in keeping with the reality of the ancients and is unjust and radical in its lack of understanding of the ancients. (4) I think that Lot's two daughters were remarkable women, great women.
(1) The time of Abraham was a time of enlightenment for human society, which needed a model of how to speak and act, so that the world could be wise, fearful and elevated. (2) Abraham was a "negative figure" in the sense of a "corrupt official, a villain, a clown", and by daring to criticise his words and actions, we have revealed the "Christ with eyes like a flame". image. This is why Jehovah left the man "Abraham" in Genesis. (3) We must not learn from the words and deeds of "Abraham", but we must know that his words and deeds were not right. (4) Today's modern people do not regard Abraham as an "anti-figure", but are making the same mistakes that "Abraham" made back then, which is a sorrow for human society and a disgrace for human civilization.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 27 Aug 2017 17:26 27 17:18pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






