The Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 4) God is the mother who gave birth to the universe
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 4 John sees a throne in heaven (4:1-8)
27-4:1, "4:1 After this I looked, and saw a door open in heaven. And I heard for the first time what sounded like a trumpet blowing, saying to me, Come up here! I will show thee things that shall be done hereafter": (1) "I saw a door open in heaven", this is John being divinely enlightened and given divine insight. (2) "It was like the sound of a trumpet" shows the loudness and clarity of the voice, indicating that John was awake and not dazed. (2) "I will show thee things that shall come to pass hereafter" shows that this is a prophecy of things to come, showing that the divine has sufficient confidence that the things to come are in the divine anticipation and control.
27-4:2, "4:2 Immediately I was moved by the Holy Spirit, and I saw a throne set in heaven, and one sitting on it": (1) I was immediately moved by the trust and gift of the Holy Spirit in me. (2) A "throne" is the seat of a powerful and sovereign person. (3) First I saw a throne placed in heaven. (4) And when he looked closely, he saw a divine being seated on the throne, the one true God who gave birth to the universe, "God, who is clear".
27-4:3, "4:3 Look at him who sits like a jasper and a ruby, and a rainbow around the throne like an emerald": (1) "Jasper and ruby" is a metaphor for a green woman and a red man. Beyond the throne, the divine man and woman seated there appear to be transparent and luminous "jasper and ruby". (2) The throne was surrounded by a rainbow of emeralds, and on closer inspection it was two maids in green.

27-4:4, "4:4 And there were twenty-four seats around the throne, on which sat twenty-four elders, clothed in white, with crowns of gold on their heads": (1) There were twenty-four seats around the one true God (God) who gave birth to the universe, and the twenty-four elders who sat on them were the messengers who carried out the twenty-four seasons, and with them With them regulating the temperature in stages, there are four seasons of the year: spring, summer, autumn and winter, and all kinds of creatures are born, grow old, get sick and die, and live and die. (2) "The twenty-four elders are dressed in white", indicating that they are "the pure and righteous energy, the pure yang energy, the source of life". In the sky, they are the twenty-four solar terms, and on earth, they are the twenty-four mountains. The jieqi are the heavenly physical conditions, and the mountains are the geographical locations around a standing pole. (3) The Green Bag - Preface says: The first heavenly Luo Jing is twelve texts, and the second heavenly then uses the Gan and Wei. The eight stems and four dimensions plus the twelve branches, a total of twenty-four numbers, refer to the twenty-four mountains on the Luo Jing, i.e. the twenty-four directions. Each direction occupies 15° and is known in Feng Shui as the twenty-four hills. They are A, Mao, B; Chen, Xun, Si; C, Wu, Ding; Wei, Kun, Shen; G, You, Xin; Xu, Qian, Hai; Non, Zi, Dec; Ugly, Burgundy, Yin. One trigram governs the three mountains.
(1) On November 30, 2016, the Twenty-four Solar Terms were officially inscribed on the UNESCO Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity. (2) The twenty-four solar terms are based on the movements of the sun and the moon, with each 15° increase in the sun's ecliptic longitude from the beginning of the cold season being another solar term. In layman's terms, this means that there is one festival for every 15 days. (3) There are 8 festivals that reflect the changes of the seasons: Spring, Spring Equinox, Summer, Summer Solstice, Autumn, Autumnal Equinox, Winter and Winter Solstice. Among them, the first spring, summer, autumn and winter are known as the "Four Risings", meaning the beginning of the four seasons. The five solar terms reflecting temperature changes are: Xia Xia, Da Xia, Xi Xi Xi, Xiao Han and Da Han. The seven solar terms reflecting weather phenomena include rain, rains, dew, dew, frost, snow and snow. The four solar terms reflecting physical phenomena are: Sting, Qingming, Xiaoman and Mangshui. (4) The song of the twenty-four solar terms: spring rains startle the spring and clear the valley; summer is full of mangoes and summer heat; autumn is at dew and autumn is cold and frosty; winter is snowy and winter is cold.
"Watchman Nee: The number of the twenty-four elders is the number of the priests. At the time of David, the priests were divided into twenty-four classes (1 Chron. 24:7-18). The duty of the priests was to bring the prayers of the saints to God; the lyre was for singing, and the censer was for praying": (1) This is "Jewish indoctrination", which shows that Watchman Nee did not know why Jesus was killed by the Jewish order, and that Watchman Nee was a spokesman for the devil. (2) "Bringing the prayers of the saints to God" is not "Christ's indoctrination", it is "Judaism's indoctrination", which Jesus rebuked. (3) "The lyre for singing and the censer for praying" are not the "Christian teaching" of the day, nor are they the "seven victorious" images that Christ revealed earlier. It is the "Jewish indoctrination" that Christ abhorred. (4) Why don't Westerners know that only the "indoctrination of Christ" is Christianity? Why do Westerners not know that the "singing of hymns and prayers" is not the "indoctrination of Christ"? Why do Westerners ignore the "Christian edification" prescribed in the Book of Revelation? Answer: Because "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" are dominating Christianity! Because "the end has not come"!

27-4:4, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "4:4 Since there were twelve tribes in the Old Testament and twelve apostles in the New Testament, these twenty-four elders may represent all those whom God has redeemed in all ages, both in New Testament times and in Old Testament times "(1) The hasty assumption of God as the supreme leader of Christianity, without any awareness of the fact that the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam are all God's ships of law. This is a sign that Christianity is under the spell of the "Jewish priests" (Satan). (2) Since God is the one true God who gave birth to the universe, He is the mother of the universe, and everything on earth was born of God. Christianity does not have such a realm, so it hastily interprets "there are twenty-four seats around the throne" as "there are twelve tribes in the Old Testament and twelve apostles in the New Testament", which is an ignorant opinion with short-sighted and ugly thinking. (3) If Christian thinking does not go beyond the "Old Testament and the New Testament" and does not look at all things on earth, God cannot be the "one true God who gave birth to the universe" and does not truly reflect the specific situation of God as Lord of all, which is selfish and narrow-minded. It is a selfish, narrow-minded, parochial and one-sided domination of Christianity, which does not show the love of God at all.

27-4:5, "4:5 And there was lightning, and a voice, and a thunderbolt from the throne. And seven lamps of fire were lighted before the throne, and these were the seven spirits of God": (1) "Lightning" signifies swiftness and decisiveness, great power, deterrence and destruction of evil, invulnerability, the right and qualification to dominate the universe, and great wisdom to shine through darkness and foolishness. (2) "Voice" means to speak doctrine, to proclaim edification, to enlighten wisdom, to make progress and improve, to make one a Christ who returns to heaven. (3) "The thunderbolt" expresses vitality and vigour, something that is bound to come to pass, a blast that no one can stop. (4) "Emanating from the throne" shows that there is a sovereign ruler and that there is someone in charge of everything. (4) The "seven lamps of fire lit before the throne" are the "seven letters to the seven churches", the seven evils of Christianity, the seven demons of Christians, the seven ways to overcome them, the seven doctrines and conditions for Christians to become Christians, and the They are the seven doctrines and conditions for Christians to become Christ, and they are the seven treasures, the seven gifts that make Christians Christ. You have discovered that the Seven Letters to the Seven Churches are the Seven Doctrines and Conditions of Christianity, and that the Seven Lamps of Fire lit before the Throne are your spiritual (soul), spiritual, spiritual, spiritual, spiritual, spiritual, spiritual and spiritual gifts. (4) The seven lamps of fire lit before the throne are your spirituality (soul, knowledge of God, the Incarnation, and the Magog). (5) Through your "seven letters to the seven churches", you have discovered that the priests in the Old Testament are the incarnation of Satan, that the New Testament contains many demonic heresies added by the churches If you find that the devil Satan has been dominating the whole of Christianity and that all Christian denominations are devilish groups, then you become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright bronze, whose voice is like the voice of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, and who has received a rod of iron", then you have You have the "seven spirits of God" and you are the new Christ, the new God. (6) Let the "Seven Letters to the Seven Churches" be a "demon mirror" to identify God and the devil, and you are the "Seven Lamps of Fire" lit before the throne. Tell the world, in word and deed, that you have the "seven spirits of God" and that you are the new Christ, the new God, by revealing the true nature of the devil through the "demon-glasses". (7) If you read the "seven letters to the seven churches" and do not take them seriously, and "chant hymns and prayers" until you die, it means that you have "not one single treasure or gift". This means that you have not received "a single treasure or gift", that you have not lit a single lamp, that you are a lackey of "blind leaders" (priests, fathers, Satan), that you have taken "Christian edification" for "Christian edification". This means that you have taken "Christian edification" for "Christian edification" and that you are destined to serve your time in hell.
(8) The "seven lamps of fire" are the "three bodies and four wisdoms" (the great wisdom of knowing the "dharma body, the retribution body and the incarnation body"). If you don't know what the "three bodies and four wisdoms" are, you don't have the "seven lamps of fire", and if you don't light any of them, you are a lackey of the "blind guides" (priests, godfathers and Satan). (9) The "seven lamps of fire" are the "three virtues of obedience and four virtues, and the eight virtues of the five religions"; if you do not know what the "three virtues of obedience and four virtues and the eight virtues of the five religions" are, you do not have the "seven lamps of fire". If you don't know what the "three virtues and the five virtues" are, you don't have the "seven lamps of fire"; if you don't have a single lamp of fire lit, you are a lackey of the "blind guides" (priests, fathers, Satan). (10) The "seven lamps of fire" are the seven emotions of man (joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire). If there were no "seven lamps of fire", there would be no seven emotions in man, and there would be no magical, spiritual and colourful world.

27-4:6, "4:6 The front of the throne was like a sea of glass, like crystal. And in the midst of the throne and around the throne were four living creatures, full of eyes all over the front and back": (1) "A sea of glass, like crystal" is really a transparent crystal ball, and as soon as God (the Lifeless Old Mother, the Creator) wanted to know something, "a sea of glass " would appear above it. (2) The "four living creatures" are the four animal living treasures of God (Wu Sheng Lao Mu and Wu Ji). The words "eyes all over the front and back" indicate that the living treasures are all-seeing, all-knowing and all-powerful. (3) The "four living creatures" are: the Green Dragon (Shao Yang), the White Tiger (Shao Yin), the Vermilion Bird (Lao Yang) and the Xuan Wu (Lao Yin), also known as the "four elephants", which in the Chinese Zhou Yi refer to "Lao Yang (South), Lao Yin (North) ), Shaoyang (East), and Shaoyin (West). This is because "Wuji gives rise to Taiji, Taiji gives rise to the two yi, the two yi give rise to the four elephants, the four elephants give rise to the eight trigrams, and the eight trigrams determine the state of heaven and earth", which is why "there are four living creatures around the throne". (4) Fuxi (4811 BC - 4709 BC) drew the trigrams at the age of 34 to create Chinese civilisation, showing that "Wuji creates Taiji, Taiji creates Two Yis, Two Yis create Four Elephants, Four Elephants create Eight Trigrams, Eight Trigrams determine Qiankun", which is a great view of the universe, allowing people to practise "internal practice of Qi "(5) God is the Creator. (5) God is the Creator, the Mother of the Universe, the common mother of all gods and Buddhas, and Fuxi in China is, of course, one of the "only begotten sons, the sons of God" sent by God to earth to promote human civilisation.

27-4:7, "4:7 The first living creature was like a lion, the second like a calf, the third with a face like a man, and the fourth like a flying eagle": (1) "The first living creature was like a lion", indicating that "Christians (1) "The first living creature is like a lion" means that "Christians" must have the courage of a lion and be kings with "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in their mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron". If "Christians" do not have the kingly demeanour of a lion "eating flesh", but instead become "priest's lambs", not only will they not become "Christ" who subdues demons, but they will become minions who are worse than animals and who are abused by the devil. (2) "The first living creature was like a lion", but it was not a lion, for "like a lion" is a metaphor for the king of all beasts. The first living creature is the direction of the king's residence, which is Xuanwu (Old Yin) in the north. Because a house that sits north to south is warm in winter and cool in summer, and because kings always "face south and back north" to preside over the state, Xuanwu (Old Yin, winter) is the direction of the king's residence. Xuanwu is a tortoise and a snake; it is located in the north, hence the name Xuan, and has scaled armour, hence the name Wu. Because of the combination of rigidity and flexibility, it is a kingly position with the same virtue.
(3) "The second is like a calf", which means that Christians should be old bulls who are committed to faith and righteousness, who work hard and bear humiliation, and who are "not afraid of tigers" and who are not afraid of power. The "calf" spirit. The cow eats grass and gives silently of its strength, milk, hides, beef, etc., all of which are "needed by man". All Christian priests, fathers, pastors, missionaries, etc., are not as good as the "calf", but are all bull demons who play with the slaves of the law. (4) "The second is like a calf", but it is not a calf; "like a calf" is a metaphor for the White Tiger of the West (Shao Yin, autumn). In the poem "The White Tiger is like a calf", it is the Western White Tiger (Shao Yin, autumn).
(5) "The third face is like a human being", but it is not a human being. It is a "dragon among men", which can be hidden and visible, large and small, bending and stretching, up and down, and changeable. "If Christians do not have the wisdom and ability to adapt to changes, and if they only take the meaning from the text, they will be stubborn and rigid "dead snakes and zombies". Those who cannot make a difference in the world are the opposite of dragons, "dead snakes and zombies". "The "Christian" cannot discover that the priests of the Old Testament are all Satan incarnate, that the Church is a demonic group that has obliterated the "edification of Christ", and that he himself "dead serpents, zombies". (6) The "third face is like a man", but it is not a man. Apart from the "face like a man", the "mouth, nose, ears and body" are not human, but are the green dragon of the East (Shao Yang, spring). It is the Green Dragon of the East (Shaoyang, Spring). (7) "The fourth resembles a human being.
(7) "The fourth one is like a flying eagle", which means that Christians have a far-reaching vision and do not have only Christianity in their eyes, but have to fly out of Christianity to "study abroad", to take in the "Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism" outside Christianity. "It is only by doing so that you can understand the essence and dross of the four religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Hui, that you can know what true Christianity is. If you do not go beyond Christianity, if you are blinded by Christianity and blindly reject other religions, and if you do not have a sense of the "five religions as one", you will not only fail to become a "flying eagle in the sky", but you will definitely become a "blind You must have been reduced to the status of a "blind servant of the leaders". Christians who spread Christianity in China without studying Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, and who reject and slander the three religions, have been reduced to the status of "blind leaders". (8) "The fourth is like a flying eagle", but it is not a flying eagle, for "like a flying eagle" is a metaphor for the southern vermilion bird (Lao Yang, summer).

27-4:8, "4:8 Each of the four living creatures had six wings, and all their bodies were full of eyes, both inside and outside. They kept saying day and night: Holy! Holy! Holy! The Lord God is the Almighty who was, is, and will be forever": (1) "The four living creatures have six wings each" represents the "four births and six paths" on the land, in the water, and in the air (the four births are the fetus, the egg, the wet life, and the incarnate life; the six paths are The six paths are the heavenly, the human, the asura, the animal, the hungry ghost and the hell). Christianity does not have the concept of "four births and six paths", nor does it know how to draw knowledge from Taoism and Buddhism to fill the gaps, and if it keeps on being "arrogant", it will deviate far from the original meaning of Christ and become a servant of Satan without knowing it. (2) "Having eyes everywhere, inside and outside" means that one is well versed not only in Christianity, but also in the essence and dross of the four religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism, and that one knows the reasons why the five religions are said to be "one family". (3) "They are wise, wise, wise, wise, wise, wise, wise, wise, wise and wise. (3) "They do not cease to speak day and night", indicating the endless cycle of the "four births and six paths". (4) "They say day and night: Holy! Holy! Holy! The Lord God is the Almighty, who was, is, and will be forever," indicating that God is immortal and omnipotent, and is the ruler of the "four births and six paths". (5) Any Christ who does not become a master of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam is not a true "Almighty". Only the Christ who has become a master of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam is the Son of God, the royal child of the "Almighty", who is truly complete.

Revelation 4: Worship and Praise (4:9-11)
27-4:9, "4:9 Whenever the four living creatures give glory, honour and thanks to Him who sits on the throne and lives forever and ever": (1) The "four living creatures" are born of the Wuji, the four positive directions around the Taiji. Every normal person is a Taiji balanced by Yin and Yang. The place where a person is is a standing pole, and the four positive directions of the standing pole are the positions of the "four living things". If a person is an ordinary person, his external environment in the four positive directions is the "four dead things". If he is a true disciple of Christ, the "four dead things" are generally masculine, but they change with the Christian's state of mind. When the Christian becomes Christ, the "four dead things" become "four living things". The "four living things" and Christ form a positive yang energy group that is invisible to the naked eye. The "four living creatures" are the positive solar mass around Christ, which can also be used as a metaphor for Christ. (2) "Glory, honour and thanksgiving to him who sits on the throne" means that he has learned the teaching "that Christians may become Christ", that he has become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron "He has seen God on the throne, has earned the "glory and honour" of Jesus' miraculous powers of "healing the sick and saving people and removing demons", and has become the Christ of the eternal kingdom of heaven. (3) As a Christian, one who has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", who has not seen God on the throne, and who has not earned the "glory and honour" of Jesus' miraculous power to "heal the sick and deliver the demons", cannot become the eternal Christ. Without the "glory and honour" earned by Jesus' power to "heal the sick and deliver the demons", he cannot become the Christ of the eternal kingdom of heaven, nor can he "give glory, honour and thanks to Him who sits on the throne". (4) He who has seen God on the throne, who has achieved eternal life, who has not fallen away during his lifetime, and who has done as Jesus did, will be able to "live forever and ever" in heaven with God. (5) "Every fourth living creature gives glory, honour and thanksgiving to Him who sits on the throne", having learned the teaching that "makes Christians Christ", not only becoming "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron He has not only become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", but the Christ who has mastered the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", who has seen God on the throne, who has achieved the fullness of his work, who has escaped the cycle of "four lives and six paths", and who has become the Christ who lives forever in heaven.

27-4:10, "4:10 Then the twenty-four elders fell down before those who sat on the throne and worshipped Him who lives forever and ever, and placed their crowns before the throne, saying: (1) "Then the twenty-four elders fell down before those who sat on the throne and worshipped Him who lives forever and ever. ", because the "twenty-four elders" were all "sons of God" born of the infinite God, and therefore "fell down before the seated throne and worshipped" The Supreme Spirit. (2) "He who lives forever and ever", the Supreme Spirit, who gives birth to all things without leaving a name, who is immortal, is the source of all things, and is the Word from which "no one can be separated for a moment". (3) The "crowns" are the phases, the names, and the taiji. The phrase "put their crowns in front of the throne" indicates that "all the phases, names, and taiji" are born of the Supreme Spirit above the throne, indicating that above the throne sits the Creator, the Supreme Spirit, who gives birth to "all the phases, names, and taiji It is an indication that above the throne sits the Creator, the Mother, the Mother, the Father (God), who gave birth to "all phases, names and taiji".
27-4:11, "4:11 Worthy are you, our Lord and our God, to receive glory and honour and power, for you created all things, and by your will all things were created": (1) "Our Lord and our God", the Creator who gave birth to Our Creator, the Mother of every human genesis (dharma, gog) who gave birth to us, the one true God of the Infinite. (2) "Glory, honour, and power", which are "phases and names", are all born of the "nameless and faceless" Creator, the Mother of the Lifeless, so that if there is If there is one "worthy of glory, honour and power", it is "our Lord and our God". It is shallow and ignorant to think that one should be "glorified, honoured and empowered" because of one's personal achievements in a particular field. (2) "All things were created, and all things were created by your will", and this "our Lord, our God" is the common mother of all immortals and Buddhas, and the source of life, the Lifeless Old Mother, the Infinite Holy Mother, the Lifeless Old Father (God).

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 23 May 2017 21:04:50 Edited 8 June Edited 20 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei Province






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The 27th Psalm of the New Testament, "The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation" (Chapter 3), says to "those who have ears" II
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
27-3:12, "3:12 He who overcomes, I will make him a pillar in the temple of my God, and he will not go out from there again. And I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is the New Jerusalem, which came down from heaven, from my God, and my new name": (1) knowing that man will become "the Christ who holds seven stars in his right hand, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, and whose feet are like bright brass and a rod of iron "Only such an indoctrination is Christianity and can be "victorious". One cannot be "victorious" at all without knowing the true meaning of the Book of Revelation. It is only by knowing that Jesus does not have a "word of patience" and by recognising Jesus' "counter-arguments and testimonies" that one can become a "victorious" new Christ. (2) Only when he has been shown the true meaning of the Book of Revelation and has become "the Christ with seven stars in his right hand, with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass and a rod of iron", can he be "made a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall not go out from there again". And he shall not go out from there again". If there is no "new Christ" after Jesus, no "pillar" in the "temple of my God", no "pillar" in the "temple of my God". The "temple of my God" would have no support and would cease to exist. (3) To reveal the true meaning of the book of Revelation, to refute the lies of the devil in the Old and New Testaments, and to be a pillar in the temple of my God, from which he will never go out again, if he dies as he should, and is generous in his death. (4) Christianity is only as good as the fact that it continues from one period to the next. (4) It is only through the emergence of the new "victorious" Christ from time to time that Christianity has come to have "the name of my God and the name of the city of my God and my new name", which is the reason why "it is written on him". This is the reason why "it is written on him". (5) Without the "victorious" new Christ, there can be no true "name of my God", but only the "name of my God" which the devil, Satan, is pretending to be. There will be no true "name of the city of my God" without the new "victorious" Christ, but only the "name of the city of my God" forged by the devil and Satan. There will be no true "my new name" without the new "victorious" Christ, but only the "my new name" of the devil's Satanic hype. (6) The word "Jerusalem" is made up of the roots Jeru (city) and Salem (peace), meaning "city of peace". The "city of peace" does not come down from heaven, not as a result of "living for Christ and striving to obey God", but as the fruit of the "triumph" of the new Christ; there is no There is no "New Jerusalem" without the "victorious" New Christ. You cannot reach the "New Jerusalem" without being the "victorious" New Christ. The "New Jerusalem" is the "spoils" of the "victorious" New Christ. (7) "My new name" is not a new name for Jesus, but the new "victorious" Christ is "my new name".

27-3:13, "3:13 Let everyone who has ears hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches": (1) This is the sixth time that this phrase is repeated, and it is another warning to those who "read without understanding". (2) The Book of Revelation is the core doctrine of Christianity, not for your eyes to see, but for you to hear and understand. You are not to look only at the surface meaning of the words, but to think with a broad heart and a clear and rational mind about the profound meaning of the words. If you do not understand the meaning, go and ask a few more people to clarify it until you are satisfied. (3) If you do not understand the meaning and do not ask, you are all "blind men without eyes"; and if such shameless men as you preach the Scriptures, you are "blind leaders and hypocritical scribes".

Revelation 3 Sending a letter to Laodicea (3:14-16)
27-3:14, "3:14 Write to the messenger of the church in Laodicea, saying, "He who is the Amen, the witness of integrity and truth, the head over all God's creation, says": (1) Laodicea is a combination of two words: "Laos" means the common people; "dicea" has The word "dicea" has three meanings: first, custom, habit; second, right; third, claim, judgment. Laodicea means: the custom of the common people, or the opinion of the people; that is, the people's custom, the people's right, and the people's decision. It is clear that the Church has failed. When "Philadelphia" (brotherly love) falls away, brotherhood (adelphos) becomes congregation (laos) and love (philo) becomes opinion (dicea). "In Sardis, authority is in the hands of the priestly system. In Philadelphia, it was in the hands of the Holy Spirit. Now in Laodicea neither the Holy Spirit nor the priesthood is in charge, but the common people are in charge. The majority of the people are in favour, and this is Laodicea. (2) The "messenger of the church of Laodicea" is the seventh case of Christianity. (3) [Internet source] Amen: The word Amen means "firm" in the original Hebrew. In the Old Testament, when the people received a command from the king, they said "Amen" to obey it (1 Kings 1:36); when they were warned, they said "Amen" to accept it (Num 5:22; Deut 27:15-26); when the people heard the prophet say "Amen", they said "Amen". When the people heard the prophets speak, they said "Amen" to express their sincere desire (Jer 28:1-3, 5, 6). Therefore, New Testament Christians also say "Amen" when they give thanks, praise, bless, give thanks, and pray for God's completion: in truth, may it be so (Rom 1:25; 9:5; 1 Cor 14:15-16; Gal 6:18; Mt 6:9-13; 2 Cor 1:20). 2 Cor 1:20). The use of the word amen is found in the Bible and the Qur'an. Amen was originally used in Judaism and was later adopted by Christianity. Christians often use the word amen as a summary and affirmation in prayer or praise. Islam does not use this word often, but every time the first chapter of the Qur'an is recited, it is concluded with an amen. (4) "Amen" means to wish that all prayers will be fulfilled according to one's wishes and that God will allow what is asked and grant blessings. In this interpretation, God becomes the protector of the world's desire to do what it wants, rather than the teacher who enables us to see life through to the truth. In this way God becomes the puppet who panders to the world, rather than the sage who guides us to see through the world and get rid of it. This is not what Jesus taught back then either! This is a deliberate attempt by the "Christian" people to appeal to the masses in order to get more people to believe in Christianity and thus strengthen their own church. (5) Watchman Nee: "Amen" means "truth, absolute, indeed"; this is Watchman Nee's nonsense.
(6) "Amen" means: to bear witness to the integrity and truthfulness of God's headship over all creation; it means "Christ". (7) Integrity is a core value of the perfect man, a commitment to consistency in thought and action, and objective evidence of trustworthiness. Those without integrity are hypocrites. Truthfulness is the consistency of the external will of the actor with the true will of his heart; conformity to the truth. Jesus proved that he was the Christ of "integrity and truth" by scolding the Jewish "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", so that Jesus could also be a "witness" to those of "integrity and truth". So Jesus can be a "witness" to those who are "honest and true". By breaking the lies of the Old and New Testaments, you have shown that you have "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in your mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and this is the Christian "witness" that you have learned. "This is a sign that you are an "honest and truthful" Christian and that Jesus has borne witness to your honesty and truthfulness. If you take the "singing of hymns and prayers" as Christian doctrine and do not know that "Catholicism is not true Christianity", let alone the original meaning of the "Book of Revelation", this means that you are You are not a "true" person, and you cannot be "honest".
(8) "God is the Head over all creation", in Buddhist terms, means "I am the only one in heaven and the world", and in Taoist terms, "In heaven and the world, only Tao is the only one; within the three worlds, man is the most precious Within the three worlds, man is the most precious." Without man, there would be no God and all things; without man, even if there were God and all things, no one would know about them; God is known to human society in order to exist, and without man there would be no God; God and all things are founded on man, so that man is "the head over all things created by God". (9) "Head over all things created by God" means that God existed before the creation of all things, before the creation of the heavens and the earth, and is the source of all things, the innate spirit, the immortal God (self-nature, dharma body) that every human being has. When one knows which "head" one is, one has the realm of "eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in one's mouth", as Christ did. With such a state, he becomes the Christ "who is the head over all God's creation" and can "walk with me in white" to eternal life in heaven. (10) "Head over all God's creation" means not to be intimidated by the "divine authority" of the "Old and New Testaments", not to engage in "sacrifices", and not to engage in "rituals". Don't be intimidated by the "divine authority" of the Old and New Testaments, don't engage in "sacrifices", don't "worship and praise God" excessively in the temple, and don't use "divine authority" to confuse people, for there is a Head "over all God's creation". There is a Head "over all things", and that is us. Therefore, do not kneel and kowtow at the sight of an "image of God or a cross" and tremble like a slave. Man cannot be the "Son of God, the Christ" if he does not have the general attitude of "being the Head over all God's creation". It is only when man has the general attitude of being "head over all God's creation" that he can become "the Son of God, the Christ". (11) Those who make Christians confess that "Jesus is my victim" and make them "repentant, prayerful, weeping, confessing criminals" are the very opposite of making man "head over all God's creation". "Who are they? Do I need to tell you? You wouldn't know it if you became a bastard, but it is "Satan the Devil" who is corrupting Christianity from within.

27-3:15, "3:15 I know your works, and you are neither cold nor hot; I do not want you to be either cold or hot": (1) You see others believing in Christianity and becoming "Christians" who practice the Bible, and this is your (1) You see that others have become "Christians" who practice the Bible. (1) You have become a "Christian" who practices the Bible when you see others believing in Christianity. Your "silence and obedience" has allowed the "devil Satan" to corrupt Christianity and to encourage their recklessness, and has contributed to their sinfulness, which is your "lack of heat". (2) If you are "cold", if you ignore Christianity and do not come to Christianity, the Church has not taught you the doctrine of Judaism as Christianity and has not misled you to "harm your life", and you have no opportunity to fulfil the sin of the Church. "I cannot wait for you to be cold". (3) If you are wise enough to realise that the "singing of hymns and prayers" is something that Jesus did not do, and you go and rebuke the Church for obliterating the "teaching of Christ" with the "teaching of the faithful", this is You have become a manifestation of the passionate new Christ, which Jesus "I would like you to be hot"; and what happened? Are you hot? You are not, which means you are a walking corpse with no body heat. (4) If you are wise enough to realise that "the Catholic Church lifts up the Virgin Mary", which Jesus did not do, and you go to the Catholic Church and denounce it for "slandering the teaching of Mary, a common woman" to obliterate "the teaching of Christ "This is a sign that you have become the new Christ of enthusiasm, that Jesus "I would like you to be hot"; and what happened? Are you hot? You are not, which means that you are a zombie with no body heat and already dead. (5) If you have the wisdom to realise that Russian Orthodox missionaries are "enlightening" missiles and that all sorts of "priests and ministers" have become demonic sons and daughters who have kidnapped Christianity for the sake of God, and if you expose these words and actions that are corrupting Christianity from within If you expose these words and deeds that corrupt Christianity from within, you become the new Christ of passion, which Jesus "I would like you to be hot"; and what happens? Did you get hot? You are not, which means that you are a devil's son and son of a devil who has been brainwashed by the devil, who has no body heat and whose soul is dead.
(6) You have shown "a two-edged sword, like a foot of bright brass, a rod of iron" against the incarnation of the devil within Christianity, who has obliterated the "indoctrination of Christ" with all kinds of "indoctrination of the faithful", and This is Jesus' way of saying "I would not like to see you cold". You are not cold, because you yourself are the devil incarnate, and you are not the new Christ with a "two-edged sword, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". (7) You have shown the "two-edged sword, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" to the devil incarnate within Christianity, who has obliterated the "teaching of Christ" with all kinds of "religious indoctrination", and you have attacked them with the "two-edged sword, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". attacking them, this is Jesus' "I cannot wait for you to get hot". You are not hot, because you yourself are the devil incarnate. You have only the fervour to obliterate "Christ's teaching", you have no zeal to defend it from the devil's defilement and misinterpretation. (8) "Neither are you cold nor hot" means that you have been brainwashed by the devil and have become a legal slave who has become a thief, a numb and insensitive animal.

27-3:16, "3:16 You are like warm water, neither cold nor hot; therefore I will spit you out of my mouth": (1) "You are like warm water, neither cold nor hot", which means you are numb, which means you do not "This is the image of the slave of the law that the devil desires and is the opposite of what makes a person a "two-edged sword, with feet like bright bronze and a rod of iron". You are not only unable to promote the "edification of Christ", but you can only obliterate Christianity, so you are like "a mouthful of spittle in my mouth", and I will spit you out of my mouth. (2) It is not only "Christianity", but also the disciples of other religions (Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Middle Ages). "If you don't have the realm of the heavenly gods, who "scold, beat and kill", your "Buddha nature" has disappeared and you have become a front for the sect, a traitor within the religion. If you do not have the spirit of the gods to subdue demons, you will become a slave of the Dharma who dies on the Dharma boat.
Watchman Nee: The word "spit out" here does not mean to say that they will sink forever, but to show how displeased the Lord was with their testimony after they believed in him. Therefore they will be forsaken and not allowed to be witnesses any more": (1) Do you see? He has been so brainwashed by the devil that he does not know that to "forsake them from their testimony" is to "sink forever". (2) The displeasure of this life with their testimony after their faith in Christ shows that they "will sink forever", for "a single mistake is a thousand things".
Watchman Nee: The believer is in the "mouth" of the Lord, and as the believer longs for the Lord, so the Lord longs for the believer. He looks forward to their love and holiness to cool his thirsty tongue. He looks forward to "seeing the effects of his labours, and is satisfied" (Isa. 5:3-11): (1) The demon-brainwashed man cannot know that the "Scriptures" he quotes are demonic heresies added by later generations. (2) "How the believer longs for the Lord" is wishful thinking on the part of the believer, for the Lord has His own "Christian teaching". If you believe in Christianity, but do not practise the "teaching of Christ" to become a Christ with a "two-edged sword, like feet of bright brass and a rod of iron", no matter how much the "believer longs for the Lord", it is the devil who is on a rampage. You can only make the Lord "spit you out of my mouth", much less "how the Lord also longs for believers". (3) It is the devil, not the Lord, who "desires their love and holiness to cool his thirsty tongue", for the Lord is making Christians into Christ with "a two-edged sword, like feet of bright brass and a rod of iron". (4) The Lord's desire to make Christians into Christ with a "two-edged sword, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" is not at all "the effect of seeing one's own labour".

Revelation 3 When the fire refines the gold (3:17-22)
27-3:17, "3:17 You say, "I am rich, and have become rich, and lack nothing. But you do not know that you are the distressed, wretched, poor, blind, and naked": (1) "I am rich, have become rich, and lack nothing", yet money cannot buy spiritual comfort, but rather one feels a lack of spiritual comfort, for money cannot buy health and eternal youth, nor does it exempt "It does not buy health and youth, nor does it save us from the suffering of the cycle of birth, old age, sickness and death. (2) The enlightenment of the truth, the ability to communicate directly with the divine in heaven, and the ability to use the miraculous means of "healing the sick and saving others" to prove that one will not fall into hell and be punished, is the true abundance of the heart (the state of "contentment and contentment"). "The "richness of money" does not exempt one from the punishment of hell, and one may even lose one's person because one is "unkind for the sake of wealth", in contrast to the "richness of the heart". (3) Although now "I am a rich man, I am a poor man, a blind man, a naked man. (3) Although now "I am rich, and have become rich, and lack nothing", it is temporary and not "eternal and immortal", and compared to being "Christ in heaven", it is "really the misery, the poverty, the blindness, the nakedness". Compared to being "the Christ in heaven", he is indeed "the poor, the wretched, the poor, the blind, the naked".
Watchman Nee: "There is no pride in those who follow the Lord, but we must learn humility before Him": (1) Remember, this is the tone of the devil, Satan! This is the devil's way of misleading and suppressing Christians, which is the opposite of making them "a Christ with a two-edged sword, like feet of bright brass and a rod of iron". (2) "Learn humility before the Lord" is what the devil wants, and the devil wants Christians to be "humble" slaves until death. The Lord wants Christians to be Christ like the Lord, not to "learn humility before the Lord". (3) If, as a Christian, you do not become a Christ with a "two-edged sword, like feet of bright brass, with a rod of iron", you are not "following the Lord", you are not a "follower of the Lord", you are You are a legalistic beast who has "followed the devil" as "following the Lord". (4) "We must learn humility before the Lord" is the devil's way of obliterating "Christ's indoctrination" with "the indoctrination of the faithful", for to be a "two-edged sword, like a bright bronze" is to be a "two-edged sword". (4) "We must learn humility before the Lord.
Watchman Nee: Sometimes I have heard some brothers say, "The blessing of God is among us. Be especially careful when you say this, for if you are not careful, it smacks of Laodicea. I warn you, do not speak proudly; only he who lives before God all the time will not see himself rich and will not be proud!" : (1) Remember, everyone, this is the tone of Satan the devil! This is the devil's way of misleading and suppressing Christians. "The "blessing of God" is not only "among us" but has never left us, and without it there would be no human society. (2) "Do not speak proudly" is not what Jesus said, that is, do not become a Christ with "a two-edged sword, like feet of bright brass and a rod of iron", but only like a slave, which the devil wants. (3) "Only those who live in the presence of God all the time" is not what Jesus said, it is the opposite of "Christianity that makes people God", that is, to behave like a respectful slave, which is what the devil wants. (4) Christianity is the Christ who makes men "proud and proud" of God with "a two-edged sword, like feet of bright brass and a rod of iron".
27-3:17, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "3:17 Some believers mistakenly think that having an abundance of material things is a sign of God's blessing. But no matter how much wealth you have or how much money you make, if you don't have a relationship with Christ, you still have nothing. How does your wealth affect your spiritual expectations? Do not focus your life on luxurious pleasures, but seek the true treasure in Christ": (1) Material abundance (material civilisation) is "part of" God's blessing. Without the "blessing of God" human society would not have developed and progressed and would not be the paradise on earth that it is today. (2) Religion is a "spiritual civilisation" and is the "other part" of God's blessing. (3) As a Christian, if you are not well versed in the Book of Revelation and cannot discover which of the Old and New Testaments are lies of the devil, "you have not entered into a relationship with Christ"; you have not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword, feet like bright brass, a rod of iron You have not become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", "you have not come into relationship with Christ"; not only are you "still nothing", you are also a slave of the devil, Satan; because "you have not come into relationship with Christ ", you have entered into a relationship with the devil. (4) If you are well versed in the Book of Revelation and discover which of the Old and New Testaments are the devil's lies, you will have received "the true treasure in Christ". Otherwise, you are a slave of the devil, Satan.

27-3:18, "3:18 I urge you to buy from me gold refined by fire, that you may be rich; and white garments to put on, that the shame of your nakedness may not be revealed; and eye ointment to anoint your eyes, that you may see": (1) "I urge you to buy from me gold refined by fire" (1) "I urge you to buy from me gold refined by fire": (2) "Pay enough in life for eternal "riches" in heaven! Don't think that you can get it without "buying" it, for what you can get without "buying" is often "worthless rubbish". (2) In order to buy "gold refined by fire", one must first have "eyes like a flame", otherwise one cannot buy "gold refined by fire". (3) The "gold refined by fire" of Jesus is in the Book of Revelation. If you have not practised the Book of Revelation, if you have not become a Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire", and if you cannot discover which lies of the devil are in the Old and New Testaments, you will not be able to You will not be able to "buy from me gold refined by fire", and I will not be able to "make you rich". (4) Christ, who became "a man with eyes like a flame of fire", discovered which lies of the devil were in the Old and New Testaments, exposed the sins of the Church with a "two-edged sword", and was vilified and suppressed by the Church, and did the same as Christ, which is "Buy from me gold refined by fire", and I will "make you rich".
(5) If you do not know what is "blackness, darkness, sin, hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", you do not know what is "white"; if you cannot expose "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders If you cannot expose the "counterfeit scribes and blind leaders", you will not be able to "buy white clothes" because you are "colour blind" and do not know what "white clothes" are. If you do not have "eyes like a flame" and do not know what "black and white clothes" are, you do not know what "naked shame" is, and your "naked shame is revealed". You do not know what is "the shame of nakedness", nor do you know "the shame of being exposed". (6) The "two-edged sword" is used to attack "the scribes who pretend to be good, the blind leaders", that is, "buy white clothes and put them on", so that "your naked shame will not be revealed". Otherwise, without "eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword", you cannot "buy white clothes and put them on", and you will not know what "nakedness and shame" are. You do not know what "naked shame" is, nor do you know that your "naked shame is revealed".
(7) You do not know what it is to be a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader" until you have become Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth"; you do not know what it is to be a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader"; you do not know what it is to be a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader". If you do not know what a "hypocritical scribe and blind guide" is, you are a sick person with "colour blindness" who needs to "buy eye-drops to cleanse your eyes". (8) You have read the Old Testament and found out which words of the "priests" are the demonic heresy of "Judaism". (8) You have read the Old Testament and found out which words of the "priests" are the demonic heresies of "Judaism" and which words of the "priests" are the lies of the devil that Jesus exposed back then, and then you have "bought eye ointment for your eyes" for the first time. You have read the New Testament and found out which words of the "disciples of Jesus" are demonic heresies edited by the "church", and you have found out which words of the "New Testament" are demonic. You have read the "New Testament" and found out which words in the "New Testament" are lies of the devil insulting Jesus, then you have "bought eye ointment for your eyes" for the second time, and you have reached the intermediate stage of "eyes like fire". You read the Book of Revelation and find that this is the "teaching of Jesus", and you find that the "teaching of the Church" is the opposite of the Book of Revelation. "You find that all the churches are demonic groups of demons who insult Jesus, and then you "buy eye candy and wipe your eyes" for the third time.
Watchman Nee: The Lord loves to see his people refined in the furnace of suffering, and to shine brightly on the day of his appearing. The Lord will let him regain again the rapture (which Peter spoke of) and the kingdom (which James spoke of) that he has lost." (1) "Refining his dross in the furnace of affliction", that is, the ability to overcome selfishness with reason in times of frustration and suffering, not selling out the moral ground for personal selfishness, which "the Lord likes to see". To be "in the furnace of affliction", not to cling to difficulties, not to feel tormented, not to give in to suffering, but to take pleasure in suffering and to see death as a return, is to have "refined his dross in the furnace of affliction", which "the Lord likes to see". This is what "the Lord likes to see". To be Christ with "eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" is "what the Lord likes to see". (2) The Lord will restore his servant to his heavenly nature as a demon-slaying god, and this is the reason for his coming into the world.
(2) "Watchman Nee: God wants them to walk before him all the time, and it is impossible to be naked before God." (1) There is a prerequisite for "walking before God all the time". The prerequisite is to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth". Christians cannot "walk before God" at all if they have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth". (2) The "church's indoctrination", such as the "singing of hymns and prayers", is a manifestation of Christians not "walking before God", but "under God's feet". The church is therefore a devilish group.

27-3:19, "3:19 Whomever I love, I rebuke and discipline, so be zealous and repent": (1) As a Christian, you do not feel that Jesus is "rebuke and discipline" you, you are not Jesus' "beloved". You are not "beloved" by Jesus, but you must be "beloved" by the devil. As a Christian, you cannot be "rebuked and disciplined" by Jesus if you do not know what Christ is like and what concepts and definitions govern Christ. If you take the "reproachful discipline" of "priests, churches and missionaries" to be the "reproachful discipline of Jesus", you are an irredeemable slave of the devil. (2) The fact that you feel that you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth" means that you still have your wisdom intact, and this is Jesus "chastising and disciplining" you, and you are "beloved" by Jesus. You are "beloved" by Jesus. You are ashamed of not being "Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth", and this is Jesus "chastising and disciplining" you, the one whom he "loves". You are "beloved" by Jesus. (3) Although you feel that you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth", you are not ashamed of Jesus because you dare not "offend" because you see that no one else does, and you choose to You chose to "go with the flow" and Jesus would not "rebuke and discipline" you because you became "beloved" by Satan. (4) Become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", and this is the zeal of the Christian. Repent if you have not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the rod of iron". (5) You do not know that you are a Christian who has accepted Christianity only when you have become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the shining sun, who hates the party of Nicolas and has received a rod of iron", nor do you know what kind of zeal you have to have or what you have to repent of. You do not know what kind of zeal or repentance you must have, but you must be a legal slave who confesses a thief as his father.
27-3:19, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "3:19 God will discipline this lukewarm church, and the purpose of his discipline is not to punish, but to turn people back to him. Are you lukewarm to God? God will discipline you in love and help you out of your lukewarm attitude. If you do not want to be disciplined by God, then draw near to him again through repentance, prayer, worship and Bible study": (1) God will not discipline this lukewarm church, but will "spit them out of my mouth". Spitting them out of my mouth" is the punishment for not practising "Christian discipline". (2) If you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", if you do not know what it means to be a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader", you will be unenthusiastic towards God, and will have your dull, unmalleable servant "spit out of my mouth". (3) If you do not have a sense of being "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", God will not discipline you with love and will not be able to help you out of your lukewarm attitude, for you are a legal slave who recognises a thief as his father. (4) If you do not want to be disciplined by God, you are a normal person who does not believe. If you "draw near to Him again through repentance, prayer, worship and the reading of the Scriptures", you are a legal slave who confesses to be a thief.

27-3:20, "3:20 Behold, I stand at the door and knock; if anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him, and I will sit with him, and he with me": (1) You have had the Bible for a long time, and you have read it several times, but you do not know that you have become "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like a (1) You have had the Bible for a long time, you have read it several times, but you do not know that to be "a Christ with eyes like fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron" is the only Christianity that is unique. (2) If you have become the "Lamb" of the Church "preacher, priest, father, pastor" and do not know that to be "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, and who has received a rod of iron "You are the minion of Satan. You cannot hear Jesus knocking at the door, nor can you open the door for him when he stands outside. (3) After reading the Book of Revelation, you know that to be "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" is the true and unique Christianity, and that anything different from it is the indoctrination of Satan. With this state of being, the new Christ who has entered the gates of Christianity is the new Christ who "hears my voice and opens the door" and who can "sit with Jesus". (4) Those who "sing hymns and prayers" are criminals who are very different from the "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". They all take "Satan's indoctrination" for "Christ's indoctrination" and cannot "sit with Jesus" in heaven at all, but can only "sit with the criminals who have confessed their sins in hell I.
Watchman Nee: What is this door? Many people take this verse of Scripture to preach the gospel. Evangelism is something that can be borrowed. It is okay to lend this verse to sinners, but not for long. This verse is addressed to the children of God, so it does not refer to the Lord knocking at the door of sinners' hearts. The Lord is the head and the beginning of the church, but instead he stands outside the door of the church!" (1) Anyone who does not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is not preaching the Gospel of Jesus, but is "preaching evil" under the guise of "preaching the Gospel". They are all demonic sons and daughters of Satan under the guise of "preaching the gospel". (2) The demonic sons and daughters of Satan regard all the world as "sinners", for man is a superior animal to Satan (the serpent spirit), the devil's beast, who has come into Christianity and transformed it into a "religion of sinners". "poor sinners who killed Jesus". (3) He stood outside the church because the church did not pass on his teachings, even though they were in his guise, and because the church took the "teachings of the church" for Christianity.
(2) "Watchman Nee: Whoever will open the door and receive the Lord will have intimate fellowship with Him in this life and the joy that comes from that fellowship; and in the next life he will sit with Him in the kingdom": (1) Knowing that to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron This is the Christian who opens the door to the Lord, who has intimate communion with Him, and who sits with Him in this life and in the next.
27-3:20, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "3:20 Worldly pleasures - money, security, material possessions - can be dangerous things, because their transient satisfaction causes us to lose sight of God's eternal satisfaction. If you find yourself feeling lukewarm towards the church, towards God, or towards the Bible, you are alienated from God. Open the door of your heart to God as often as you can, and you need not worry that he is knocking": (1) Singing hymns and prayers, worshipping, preaching the gospel, etc., "their transient satisfaction causes us to lose sight of God's eternal satisfaction", because you recognize the thief as your father. This is because you have made a thief your father. (2) If you find yourself feeling lukewarm towards the church, towards God, or towards the Bible, it means that you have seen through the substance of the demonic group, and it does not mean that you have become alienated from God, but close to it. (3) By keeping the door of your heart open to God, you will allow the devil's sons and daughters (priests and godfathers) in the guise of God to reveal their devilish, money-loving and lustful nature, and you will become a lamb crying out for tears. To become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the true "opening of the door of the heart to God", which the demonic group does not want to see.

27-3:21, "3:21 He who overcomes, I will give him to sit with me on my throne, just as I overcame and sat down with my Father on his throne": (1) You are "neither cold nor hot, you have not bought from me gold refined by fire, you have not bought white garments to put on, you have not bought eye ointment to wipe your eyes, you have not been chastised or disciplined, you have not been given the rod of iron. (1) You are "not hot and cold, you have not bought from Me gold refined by fire, you have not bought white garments to put on, you have not bought eye ointment to cleanse your eyes, you have not been chastised and disciplined, you have not opened the door when you heard My voice, you cannot sit with Me", you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in His mouth, with feet like bright brass, with a rod of iron". "You are a "defeated" legal slave who confesses to be a thief, and certainly cannot allow Jesus to "give him to sit with me on my throne". (2) Jesus exposed the Jewish priests who practised the "Old Testament" as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and that Jesus did not "sing hymns and prayers, worship, confess, and do whatever the church says". Jesus did not "sing hymns and prayers, worship, repent, and do whatever the church tells him", but he did so as if he were dying, so that he "overcame and sat on the throne of my Father". Christians, what about you? Do you have the words and actions of Jesus? You do not know which of the "Old Testament" are the demonic heresies that Jesus rebuked, and you do not know that you have not practised the "teaching of Christ", so that you are all "a failure, a thief for a father, a dog for a pig". "You are now "sinners who killed Jesus" and you can only serve your sentence in hell.
"[Watchman Nee: The circumstances, trials and temptations of today are but training for the kings of the world to come. The overcomer has a very high promise here, why? The Church Age ends here. Then the overcomer is here waiting for the return of the Lord Jesus, and therefore the throne is here": (1) This is all demonic heresy spoken by Satan the devil. The circumstances, trials and temptations of today are not training for the coming King, they are external conditions for the making of the new Christ in this life. (2) The Church Age does not end here, for where there is edification, there will be "churches". (3) "The overcomers are here waiting for the return of the Lord Jesus" is nonsense, for "the overcomers themselves are the return of the Lord Jesus". It is not the "overcomers" who are "here waiting for the coming of the Lord Jesus", but the Pharaohs who are confessing thieves as their fathers].

27-3:22, "3:22 Let everyone who has ears hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches": (1) This is the seventh time that this phrase is repeated, and it is another warning to those who "read without understanding". (2) The Book of Revelation is the core doctrine of Christianity, not for your eyes to see, but for you to hear and understand. You are not to look only at the surface meaning of the words, but to think with a broad mind and a sober and sensible mind about the profound meaning of the words. If you do not understand the meaning, go and ask a few more people to clarify it until you are satisfied. (3) If you do not understand the meaning and do not ask, you are all "blind men without eyes"; and if such shameless men as you preach the Scriptures, you are "blind leaders and hypocritical scribes". (4) The words of the Holy Spirit to the churches are the "core doctrine of Christianity", and whoever has ears should hear and understand what "Christian doctrine" is, and imprint it on their hearts, forming "Christian doctrine". "They should imprint them on their hearts, forming the "Seal of Christ". Only by using the "Seal of Christ" to break down the Jewish doctrine will one be a true Christian, a new Christ. Otherwise, they are deaf and blind minions of Satan.

Published by Li Huaizhu on 18 April 2017 Edited 8 June Edited 19 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei Province






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











