The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 7 The priests kidnapped David
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
7:1 The king dwelt in his own palace, and the LORD gave him peace, and he was not disturbed by his enemies on every side.
7:2 Then the king said to Nathan the prophet, "Behold, I am dwelling in a palace of cedar wood, and the ark of the covenant of God is against it in the veil."
7:3 Nathan said to the king, "You may do as you wish, for the LORD is with you."
7:4 That night the word of the LORD came to Nathan, saying.
7:5 "Go and tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD, "Shall you build a temple for me to live in?
7:6 I have not dwelt in a temple since I led the Israelites out of Egypt until this day, but I have always walked in the tabernacle and in the tent of meeting.
7:7 Where I have gone with Israel, have I ever sent to one of the tribes of Israel, the seraphim, whom I commanded to shepherd my people Israel, saying, 'Why did you not build me a temple of cedar wood?'
7:8 Now you shall tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD of hosts: I have called you from the sheepfold, that you may no longer follow the flock, and have made you king over my people Israel.
7:9 Wherever you go, I will always be with you, and cut off all your enemies. I will make you a great name, like those who are greatly known in the world.
7:10 And I will choose a place for my people Israel, and I will nurture them, so that they may live in their own place and not move again; and the sons of wickedness will not disturb them, as they did before
7:11 and not as it was when I appointed the shiksa to rule my people Israel. I will give you peace, and you will not be disturbed by any enemy. And I, the LORD, have promised you that I will establish a house for you.
7:12 When you have fulfilled your life, and have slept with your fathers, I will cause your descendant to succeed you, and I will strengthen his kingdom.
7:13 And he shall build a temple for my name, and I will strengthen his throne forever.
7:14 I will be his father, and he shall be my son; and if he sins, I will smite him with the rod of men, and chastise him with the scourge of men.
7:15 But still my lovingkindness will not leave him, as it left Saul, who was laid waste before you.
7:16 Your house and your kingdom will stand firm before me (note: "you" in the original) forever. And your kingdom position will be firm forever.'"
7:17 So Nathan told David according to all these words, according to this implication.
7:18 So King David went in and sat down before the LORD, saying, "O Lord LORD! Who am I? What is my house, that you have brought me to this state?
7:19 O Lord Jehovah! This is still small in your sight, and the house of your servant is promised to last forever. O Lord Jehovah! Is this not a common thing that happens to men?
7:20 O Lord Jehovah! What more can I say to you? For you know your servant.
7:21 You have done this great thing to make your servant known, because of your word of promise, and according to your mind.
7:22 O Lord Jehovah! You are great. There is no God like you, according to what we have heard in our ears; there is no God besides you.
7:23 What people on earth can be greater than your people Israel? You redeemed them from Egypt as your own people, and did great and fearful things before your redeemed people, expelling the nations and their gods, and revealing your great name.
7:24 You have established your people Israel as your people for ever and ever. You, the LORD, have also been their God.
7:25 O LORD God! Your word which you promised your servant and your servant's house, be steadfast for ever, and do as you have said.
7:26 Hallowed be your name forever, saying, 'The LORD of hosts is the God who rules Israel'. Then the house of your servant David will stand firm before you.
7:27 O LORD of hosts, God of Israel! Because you have revealed to your servant, saying, 'I will establish your house for you,' the servant has boldly prayed to you in this way.
7:28 O Lord, the LORD! You alone are God. Your word is true, and you have promised to give this blessing to your servant.
7:29 Now bless the house of the servant, that it may abide before you forever. O Lord Jehovah! This is what you have promised, and may you bless the house of your servant forever."

Expository section.
10-56, (1) "7:1 The king dwelt in his own palace, and the LORD gave him peace, and he was not disturbed by his enemies on every side", Q. Is this so? (2) "7:2 And the king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a palace of cedar wood, and the ark of the covenant of God is in the veil. 7:3 And Nathan said to the king, Do as you wish, for the LORD is with you", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) "The LORD has put him at ease", but he will also put him at ease. The purpose is to make "Jehovah" a demon that everyone fears. It was David's own authority, not God's, that "was not disturbed by the enemies around him". (2) "The two sons of Eli were killed, the ark of the covenant was taken away, and tens of thousands of Israelites were killed", why did the LORD not put Israel at ease? (3) The so-called "prophets" were demons who were possessed by the devil and were the embodiment of the demons who had kidnapped "Jehovah". This is why Jesus called them "hypocritical scribes and blind guides". (4) There are countless "metaphors" throughout the Bible, and if you see through the "metaphors" you are "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". This is the secret of the Divine Principle that Yahweh has left in the Bible.

10-57, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "7:2 God made it clear that a prophet would be present during the reign of every king of Israel, and his main task would be to persuade the people to obey God and to tell the king God's law and will", Q. : Is this the case? "Unfortunately most kings reject God's prophets and pass up the opportunity God gives them to listen and obey", Q: Is this true? (2) "In the past, the priests and teachers were also prophets, and Samuel, as a teacher and priest, was also a prophet, serving as a bridge between the age of teachers and the age of kings", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) Before there were kings, in the age of kings, and now, "prophets" are everywhere, because "the word comes from the devil", and if there is "Jehovah", there are demon-possessed "prophets". "Prophets" are demonic. "Prophets" are the embodiment of the devil and will compel people from the devil's point of view. The priests "persuaded the people to obey God", using coercion and bullying, and civil and military power to make the people the minions of the devil. The "LORD" did not "persuade the people to obey God", but to make them wise and build the world into a heaven on earth. The priests who "tell the king the law and the will of God" are compelling the faint in the name of God, for the "law of God" is not for the benefit of the majority of the common people, but for the authority of the "priests" themselves. (2) The "majority of kings" are not the "priests". (2) "Most kings reject the prophets of God and forgo the opportunity God gives them to listen and obey" because the "prophets of God" (priests and ministers) are notorious liars and demons. (3) The "teachers, priests and prophets" are today's "preachers, priests and pastors", all of whom are synonymous with the demons of Judaism at various times.

10-58, "7:4 That night the word of the LORD came to Nathan, saying, 7:5 Go and tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD: (1) Will you build me a temple to dwell in?7:6 I have not dwelt in a temple since I led the Israelites out of Egypt until this day, but I have always walked in the tent of meeting and in the tabernacle. (2) 7:7 Where I went with Israel, did I ever send to one of the tribes of Israel, the men I commanded to shepherd my people Israel, saying, 'Why did you not build me a temple of cedar wood?' (3) 7:8 Now you shall tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD of hosts: I have called you from the sheepfold, that you may no longer follow the flock, and have made you king over my people Israel. (4) 7:9 Wherever you go, I am with you always, to cut off all your enemies. I will make you a great name, like those who are greatly known in the world. (5) 7:10 And I will choose a place for my people Israel, and will cultivate them, and make them dwell in their own place, and not move again; and the sons of wickedness will not disturb them as before, and will not rule my people Israel as I did when I commanded the teachers of the faith. (6) 7:11 I will give you peace, and you will not be disturbed by all your enemies. And I, the LORD, have promised you that I will establish a house for you. (7) 7:12 When thou hast fulfilled thy days, and sleepest with thy fathers, then will I cause thy seed to succeed thee, and I will strengthen his kingdom. (8) 7:13 He shall build a temple for my name, and I will strengthen his throne forever. (9) 7:14 I will be his father, and he shall be my son; and if he sins, I will smite him with the rod of men, and chastise him with the scourge of men. (10) 7:15 But still my lovingkindness will not leave him, as it left Saul, who was laid waste before you. (11) 7:16 Your house and your kingdom will stand firm before me (note: "you" in the original) forever. And your kingdom will be firm for ever". Answer: (1) The priest "Nathan" was speaking the words of the devil, but under the guise of "Jehovah". It was all demonic brainwashing, demagoguery, and suppression of David. (2) "Never lived in the temple, but walked in the tent of meeting and in the tabernacle" is the devil's way of showing his desire to have a "temple". (3) "I commanded to shepherd my people Israel", viewing all Israel as sheep to be "shepherded". This is the devil slandering man, for the devil is a beast below man, and their beastly demons are desperate to be masters of man. Those who believe in "Jehovah" are the sheep of the "Jewish priests", lambs in the mouth of the wicked wolf, and slaves who have been slain by the wise life.

10-59. [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "7:5 David made plans and prepared materials so that his son Solomon could begin the building work as soon as he was crowned king". (2) "David accepted God's plan and obeyed it faithfully", Q: Is that so? (2) "David accepted God's plan and obeyed it faithfully".
10-60, "7:18 Then King David went in and sat down before the LORD and said, (1) O Lord GOD! Who am I? What is my house, that you have brought me to this state? (2) 7:19 O Lord Jehovah! This is small in your sight, and the house of your servant is promised to last forever. O Lord Jehovah! Is this not a common thing that happens to men? (3) 7:20 O Lord Jehovah! What more can I say to you? For you know your servant. (4) 7:21 You have done this great thing to make your servant known, because of your word of promise, and according to your mind. (5) 7:22 O Lord Jehovah! You are great. There is no God other than you, according to what we have heard in our ears. (6) 7:23 What people on earth can be greater than your people Israel? You redeemed them from Egypt to be your own people, and you did great and fearful things before your redeemed people, expelling the nations and their gods and revealing your great name. (7) 7:24 You have established your people Israel as your people for ever and ever. And you, Jehovah, have been their God. (8) 7:25 O LORD God! Your word which you promised your servant and your servant's house, be firm for ever and ever, and do as you have said. (9) 7:26 May people honour your name forever, saying, 'The LORD of hosts is the God who rules over Israel'. Then the house of your servant David will stand firm before you. (10) 7:27 O LORD of hosts, God of Israel! Because you have revealed to your servant, saying, 'I will establish your house for you', the servant has boldly prayed to you in this way. (11) 7:28 O Lord Jehovah! You alone are God. Your word is true, and you have promised to give this blessing to the servant. (12) 7:29 Now bless the house of your servant, that it may abide before you forever. O Lord Jehovah! This is what you have promised, that you may bless the house of your servant forever", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "These words of David" are entirely in the tone of the "priests", and they make the hearer lose himself completely. This means that David was a puppet kidnapped by the priests to promote the "teachings of Judaism". (2) The Jewish "priests" (preachers and priests) throughout the ages have been demons in disguise, not only kidnapping "Yahweh" but also staging "self-made" farces in the guise of kings in order to They not only kidnap "Jehovah", but also put on a farce in the guise of a king, in order to use the "celebrity effect and fascination" to get people to fall under the spell of the "priests".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on March 27, 2017 November 6, 2017 edit Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





