The True Exposition of Genesis A Postscript to Teach You to Read the Bible (Explanation of the Vocabulary of the True Exposition of Genesis) 1
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The first thing you need to do is to think in the opposite direction of what seems to be a commonplace. It is a way of thinking about the opposite side of a problem, exploring the opposite side of the problem in depth, building new ideas and creating new images. When everyone is thinking in a fixed direction, but you are thinking in the opposite direction, this is called "reverse thinking". People are used to thinking in the right direction and looking for solutions. In fact, for some problems, especially special problems, it may be easier to work backwards from the conclusion, to think backwards, from the solution to the known conditions, to think backwards.
(2) In the book of Genesis, Yahweh created "prophets of Yahweh" such as "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob", the original group of "Jewish priests". It is clear from the scriptures that they were in fact lying and deceitful demonic figures, the "antitype". The LORD had these demons demonstrate various "works" (magic, ritualistic words and deeds) so that we could point out their mistakes and learn from them, not to learn from them. It is in this way that Yahweh teaches us to "think backwards", so do not be afraid to criticise them just because they are "prophets of Yahweh". (3) If you dare to directly refute the "prophets of the LORD" in the Old Testament, you are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron You are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright bronze, and who has received a rod of iron. If you become the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and do not fall away during your lifetime, you will be like Jesus in the kingdom of heaven for eternity. (4) If you do not have a sense of "reverse thinking", you will understand the "Old Testament" scriptures and put them into practice with the normal "straightforward" thinking. "(5) It is not just Genesis, but also the Old Testament.
(5) Not only Genesis, but the entire Old Testament is a "reverse thinking" teaching of Yahweh, and the Jewish priests who practised the Old Testament were "This is why Jesus called the Jewish community "woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the blind, who are hypocrites". Jesus' exposure of Judaism as a demonic group caused panic in Judaism, and that is why they "crucified" Jesus. Lee Wai Chu 4 September 2017 08:40 pm
(6) After Christianity became a legal religion recognized by the Roman Emperor during Constantine the Great (272-337), and to this day, Christianity does not see the Old Testament as a scripture showing the face of the devil, nor does it carry on the realm of thought where Jesus scolded the Jews, all Christian groups "do not let Christians be Christ All Christian groups "do not allow Christians to be Christ", but rather make Christians shepherds of "priests", which shows that Christianity is a complete inheritance of Jewish doctrine, that Judaizers under the guise of Christianity are dominating Christianity, and that the "Christianity of Jesus" This shows that the "Christianity of Jesus" not only exists in name only, but has also become a tool for Judaism to abuse Jesus and promote Judaism. (7) The framework of the New Testament was provided by the disciples of Jesus, and every article in it was compiled by the "church group" because they were the official, legal order, and they alone were qualified to compile the Bible, so it can be asserted that there must be "lies" added by the "church group Therefore, it can be concluded that there must be "lies" added by the "church group". The "lies" added by the church group to the New Testament can only be discovered by understanding the book of Revelation and Genesis, and without understanding the book of Revelation and Genesis, one cannot identify the adulterated passages without having "eyes like a flame".

[Part 1: Words in Genesis].
1. God's "commandment to kill": "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you all the vegetables and seeds of the earth, and all the fruit of every tree with its kernels, for food": (1) This is God's "commandment". (2) This is God's "commandment not to eat meat". (3) This is God's "command and express provision" to "eat vegetarianism". (4) Those who do not take this statement to heart and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. (5) He who kills an animal for a sacrifice to God, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God who "does not eat meat, does not kill, and is a vegetarian". (6) The Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" is the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe the righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to make them learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish, to make them become a farce that "covers their ears and makes them go against the grain". "This is the behaviour and mentality of a vile and shameless devil. (7) God says: Behold! I have given you, "mankind", all the vegetables and seeds of the earth, and all the fruit of every tree with its kernels, for your food, and all your food is pure green food and nutritious "herbs and pills". If you keep the five precepts (killing, stealing, prostitution and alcohol), you will be able to return to heaven. (8) The "precepts" are religious rules that forbid certain misconduct by the faithful. The "cessation of killing" means that one is not allowed to kill or eat the flesh and blood of animals. The "commandment to abstain from killing" is the command to "abstain from killing and eating the flesh and blood of animals". (9) The Five Precepts: Firstly, "Do not kill or eat the flesh and blood of animals"; the "order to abstain from killing" is the order not to kill. Secondly, theft of property in any form is forbidden. Thirdly, no sexual relations with a person of the opposite sex other than the wife (husband). Fourthly, no lying. Fifthly, one is not allowed to drink alcohol.

2. "There is evening and there is morning": "There is evening and there is morning, the sixth day": (2) "Evening" is the "omega, the last, the end ", the yin, the moon, the darkness, the devil, sickness, death, the false, the bad, the devil's cave, hell. The "morning" is "Arafah, the first, the beginning", the yang, the sun, the light, Christ, health, life, the true, the good, heaven. (3) "Morning" is "Arafah, the first, the beginning", and "evening" is "Omerga, the last, the end The Morning and the Evening The "morning and the evening" are the same as each other, and they are the same as "Wuji creates Taiji, Taiji returns to Wuji, and out of nothing, something is created, and something and nothing are created". When God created man (Taiji), it was "the birth of Taiji out of nothing", and man (Taiji) should become Christ and return to the kingdom of Wuji. (4) "It is the sixth day" is the sixth lesson for Christians, the sixth truth that Christians should know. It is the sixth time that "there is a morning and there is an evening", and it is a reminder for Christians to know what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong". It is also a reminder that it is not Christ but the devil who keeps you from knowing what is "black and white, true and false, right and wrong", and who makes you "take false for true".

3. "Adam": "2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils anger, and he became a living soul called Adam": (1) Sixty thousand years ago, the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, indicating that the human flesh has the nature of the earth. nature. It was not just any dust of the earth, just as rare minerals (clay for pottery) are not found everywhere, but a specific place, a unique place, a unique dust, in order to create man. (2) The words "blew anger into his nostrils" indicate that the nostrils breathe and there is the breath of life. When the lungs breathe and provide oxygen to the body, it is the "golden light" that makes man a living spirit, and the light is the knowledge of God (perception, soul, body, and Magog) in man. (3) The word "Adam" originally means in Hebrew: red earth, of the earth. It is because God made him out of dust that the name was given to him. (4) In the Sutra of Universal Consciousness, the four great harmonies of my body, hair, hair, claws, teeth, flesh, sinews, bones, marrow, brain and dirt, all return to the earth. Spittle, pus and blood, fluid and saliva, phlegm, tears and essence, small and large conveniences, all belong to water. (36 degrees of body temperature) warmth to the fire, (lungs breathing and breath) moving and turning when the wind.
(5) The first man that Jehovah God made from the dust of the earth, named Adam, was a masculine man, because "Jehovah God" was the first pure yang that shone through the darkness. Without "Jehovah God", there would be no world. "Jehovah God is like the feminine mother in the birth of the universe and the masculine father in the breaking of the darkness; that is why Jesus called Jehovah God "the Father". This is why Jesus called "Jehovah God" the "Father". (6) In terms of the birth of the universe, "Jehovah God" is like the feminine mother, called: Wuji, Premillenial, Lifeless Mother, Old Mother, Old Mother, etc. In terms of shining through darkness, "Jehovah God" is like the feminine mother. In terms of shining through the darkness, Jehovah God is like the masculine father, called the Primordial, the Beginning, the First Heavenly Father, the Lifeless Old Father, the Old Dharma King, the Wudang Buddha, and so on. This is the reason for the two sides of the coin: the First Heavenly Father and the Old Mother. This is the reason for the two sides of the coin: the Wusheng Old Mother and the Wusheng Old Mother. The Wusheng Old Mother uses the loving image of an old mother to facilitate the approach of all beings. This is because "the Tao is hidden and nameless" is advocated by the Taoists and "Heavenly Father" himself takes the lead in practising it. This is because the "Tao of concealment and namelessness" is advocated by the Taoists and the "Heavenly Father" himself takes the lead in practising it, so that the Lifeless Mother becomes the supreme governing God of the universe. (7) In Chinese culture, the word "ya" means "second only to, or second to". The first place is called the champion and the second place is called the runner-up. The word "dang" means to take on an obligation, to assume responsibility. The "pawn" is the one who is supposed to meet in this life, the genesis (dharma, gog) from heaven. (8) The word "Adam" means that the Father (Jehovah God) created himself from dust in his own likeness and gave him his own God (Pharaoh, Gog) to be his second self, to take on his responsibilities and duties in building heaven on earth, and to act as a spokesman for his own image.
(9) Jehovah God made man out of "a rare dust suitable for the creation of man, found only in a special region of the earth", a man in the true sense of the word, different from the "ape-like", genetically similar to the "ape-like It is genetically similar to and different from the "ape-like" species, and cannot be evolved by the "ape-like" species. One should not infer that certain genes are similar just because they are similar. One or two different genes determine the "limits of evolution". (10) The first man made by Yahweh is called "Adam" in the Book of Genesis and "Fuxi" in the Long Hua Classic. The mission is similar, but not the same, because "Fuxi" is the first Eden called "Bison".

4. The first four Eden's: "2:10 And a river flowed out of Eden to nourish the garden, and from there it was divided into four courses": (1) "And a river flowed out of Eden", indicating that "Eden " is the source of the river, which means the source of life. (2) The source of the river, "the garden of nourishment", is not the vast area not far from where the source of the spring is located, which is nourished by the river formed by the source of the spring. The vast area that was nourished by the river that formed the source of the spring was the Garden of Eden. The Garden of Eden is used as a metaphor for the source of human life, the area where human civilisation was earlier. The Garden of Eden is not a place, but a place where the source of a river "nourishes the garden" and where human civilization has taken place is a Garden of Eden. (3) There were rivers from the Garden of Eden "there divided into four channels", not four great rivers flowing from one place, but four great rivers flowing out of the four Eden gardens that were nourished by each of the four rivers, the basins of the four rivers that gave birth to the four ancient civilizations. (6) "Bison (Yellow River), Kishon (Nile), Tigris and Euphrates", the basins of these four rivers, were the four original Eden gardens created by God.

5. "The tree of the knowledge of good and evil": "2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat, for in the day you eat of it you shall surely die": (1) To know the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, we must first know what good and evil are. If you do not know what "good and evil" are, you will not be able to "separate the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil". (2) You must not eat the fruit of evil, for it is poisonous, and you will surely be poisoned to death the day you eat it. (3) If you do not kill life or endanger other lives, if you do not lie to others, if you do not eat meat and if you are a vegetarian, you are planting a "good tree" and you will eat the "fruit of goodness". (4) If one kills life, endangers other lives, cheats, eats meat and is not a vegetarian, one is planting the "tree of evil" and will eat the "fruit of evil". (5) The "tree of the knowledge of good and evil" is not a tree planted in the Garden of Eden, but is established by man's own words and actions. The "fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil" is the result of man's own words and actions.

6. "The rib": "2:22 Then the LORD God formed a woman from the rib taken from the man and led her to the man": (1) This is a metaphor, not true. If you believe it, you are "blind without ears". (2) "The rib taken from a man creates a woman" means that men are the "backbone" of women and that women need men to advise them and act as counsellors. Women also have a hard and masculine side, do not underestimate women's weakness and bullying. (3) It shows that women need men's "ribs" to protect their weak internal organs and to lift their chests; in reality, they need men's broad-mindedness and courage to take on the role of a husband's chest. If a man does not have a broad-minded and courageous husband chest, that means the man does not have "ribs", not a real man, women will be dissatisfied with him. (4) is to make women dependent on men, the lack of a man's gift, you can not become a woman.

7. "Forbidden fruit": "3:3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God has said, You shall not eat of it, nor shall you touch it, lest you die": (1) shows that there is a central issue, which as a man is to be known first. (2) "You shall not eat, nor shall you touch, lest you die" indicates that this is "forbidden fruit". This is a warning that this is a "rule" that must not be transgressed, a "law" that must not be broken. (3) It shows that there are two kinds of actions and words that one may or may not do, and that one must not indulge in recklessness, but must know "what one may and may not do". (4) If you indulge yourself and eat what is "not to be eaten" or touch what is "not to be touched", you will not be "saved from death". This is the rule set by the Lord. (5) Confucius, The Analects of Confucius, Vol. 6, Yan Yuan, the 12th Confucius said, "Do not look, do not listen, do not speak, and do not move unless you are polite. This means: do not look at anything that is not according to ritual, do not listen to anything that is not according to ritual, do not say anything that is not according to ritual, and do not do anything that is not according to ritual.

8. The righteous "Cain": "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": (1) "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold", because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD", and also killed The brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" shows that Yahweh rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills a man who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh will be protected by Yahweh. (2) "So the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD", and also killed his brother who "offered the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". "This shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice them" to Yahweh are under Yahweh's focused protection. (3) There is no killing in heaven, it is the source of life, the place where life is nurtured, not a "slaughterhouse" at all! The angels in heaven "eat the wind and drink the dew" and do not eat at all, for they are themselves a breath of fresh air. Jehovah is the "energy group" that gives birth to the life of the universe. Jehovah does not eat at all and is not an "animal that likes to eat meat", let alone a "beast that has to eat animals all day long to fill its stomach He is not a "meat-loving animal" or a "beast that eats animals all day long to fill its stomach". Therefore, anyone who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Yahweh is a devil who slanders and insults Yahweh, who gave birth to life, with his words and deeds of "cruelty to life". (4) Anyone who kills a person who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to the LORD is the LORD's Christ and Judge on earth, and will receive the LORD's focused protection.

9. "The righteous": "7:1 And the LORD said unto Noah, Enter into the ark, thou and all thy house: for I have seen thee righteous before me in this generation": (1) "The way of the saying of the gossips" is the way of the heavens, which is yin and yang; the way of the earth, which is soft and strong; and the way of man, which is benevolence and righteousness. The way of man is called ren and righteousness. "Ren" means that people are dear to each other. Righteousness is also called appropriateness. To rule things so that each is appropriate. The righteousness and chivalry of a just and appropriate reason or action, in accordance with justice or the common good. (2) A "righteous man" is a good man, a chivalrous and upright man who does what is right and can benefit others. (3) A "righteous man" is one who observes the rules of the Lord in the Book of Genesis, who does not steal the "forbidden fruit", who does not eat meat, who is a vegetarian, who does not take anything for his own selfish reasons, and who does not kill anything. (4) A person who kills his brother in order not to kill in the world, who is like Cain, who cultivates his own land, who eats vegetarianism and does not eat meat, and who kills butchers to protect animals, is a person who is righteous, righteous and chivalrous, who is cynical about evil, who gives himself up for others, who is selfless and has a clear conscience, and who is a "righteous person ". (5) "4:24 If you kill Cain, you will be rewarded seven times over; if you kill Lamech, you will be rewarded seventy-seven times over", which means that "Cain and Lamech" are "righteous". (6) Jesus rebuked Judaism as "woe to the scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", and Jesus was the "righteous one". Christians who do not have the words and actions of Jesus are not true Christians, but are "unrighteous" and are demons who corrupt Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity. (7) The Lord said to Noah, "You and all your household are "righteous" and will enter the ark. (8) Those who become your disciples and receive your correction are your family, and you and your whole family are "righteous" and will enter the ark.

10. "Gopher wood": "6:14 You shall build an ark of gopher wood": (1) "Gopher wood", also known as the sacred tree, cedar, cedar, sacred wood, etc., is a cypress tree; it is (1) "Gopher wood" is also known as the sacred tree, cedar, cedar, sacred wood, etc.; this is the explanation given by the "blind leader". If you don't know what "gopher wood" is in English, you will misinterpret "gopher wood". (2) The English word for "gopher wood" is "gopher wood". gopher is an animal, a weasel, a gopher (genus Citellus, found on the prairies of North America). wood is an English word that can be used as a noun, a verb and an adjective, and can be translated as It can be used as a noun, verb and adjective, and can be translated as timber, woods, etc. Therefore, a hasty interpretation of "gopher wood" as "a sacred tree, cedar, incense cypress, sacred wood, etc., a cypress tree" is a direct misinterpretation of the original meaning. (3) "Gopher wood" is not a "sacred tree, cedar, incense cypress, sacred wood, etc., a cypress tree", but a "sacred gopher and wood" that lives under the earth (obscurely, microscopically). It is a wood species related to rats. (4) The gopher rat is the first of the twelve Chinese Earthly Branches, the Zi, which is water in the five elements and represents the kidney essence. wood wood, which is wood in the five elements, belongs to the five organs of the liver. The liver harbours the soul, and the soul of destiny in this life (the spirit of consciousness, the body of retribution and the magus) resides in the liver. The relationship between the five elements is "water produces wood, wood produces fire, fire produces earth, earth produces gold, and gold produces water". "In order to achieve this, people in this life need to go to a wise teacher and learn the method of "gathering essence and transforming qi", so as to prepare the groundwork for the flight of the primordial spirit (dharma body, goge) out of the body. This is the foundation for the spirit (Dharma body, Ge Ge) to fly out of the body. When Magog (the soul) has seen Gog (the spirit), he becomes a Christ of infinite power, like Jesus, and can be protected by Yahweh in times of natural and man-made disasters.
(5) The word "square" is a pictograph. The word "square" is a pictograph. It is derived from the word "boat", and the word "boat" is a pictograph of a parallel boat. The original meaning is: two boats in parallel; the general meaning is parallel. A quadrilateral with all four corners at 90 degrees right angles, or a three-dimensional shape with all six sides square, is a "square". (6) "routered wood for a boat", to hollow out the middle of a piece of wood to make a means of crossing a river. (7) The word "ark" refers to a tool for crossing the water, that is, a boat. The "ark" is used here as a metaphor for a sect, a method of practice, which is exclusively authorized by Yahweh to make men Christlike and to protect them from natural and human calamities.
(7) When Jesus practised the "inner breath" taught to him by Yahweh, Magog (the soul) met Gog (the spirit) and became the infinite Christ. Jesus read the book of Genesis and knew that he had this "Gopher wood" in it. When Jesus had his first disciple, that was when he officially began to "build an ark", for the "ark" was "the right way to make Christians into Christ". Jesus' "infallible teaching to make Christians Christ" (Christianity) is "an ark", and Jesus' Christianity, the "ark of Jesus", is the same as The Christianity of Jesus is the "ark of Jesus", the same as the "ark of Noah". In China it is called "the boat of the law that carries people to the other side to become Buddhas". (8) Jesus' understanding of the "gopher wood" is specifically stated in his book of Revelation, except that Jesus substituted "the wedding feast of the Lamb" for "an ark made of gopher wood". ". Jesus does not state that the "wedding feast of the Lamb" is the "ark of gopher wood", because Christian law does not allow for this, and it is the mission of Jesus that dictates this. (9) Through his own practice, Jesus realized the essence of the book of Genesis and received proof that he was the spokesman of the Lord.

11. "The flood": "6:17 Behold, I will cause a flood to overflow the earth and destroy the whole world": (1) A certain area "will cause a flood to overflow the earth", not (1) The area "that shall flood the earth" is not "all the earth", but generally the basin of the great river, which is also a densely populated city, with the greatest number of animals and clothing. (2) It is not Yahweh who "will cause a flood on the earth", but man himself who does not know how to quench his own lust, his own greedy desire, which is "a flood on the earth". (3) It is not true that "the world will be destroyed". You should not behave like a beast and think that it is true when you see these words. It is to "destroy the world" in a certain area. This category of "blind men without ears" is also one of the "beasts of burden", who have no value in living. They have no value and should be eliminated by natural selection in the evolution of mankind.

12. "The altar": "8:20 Noah built an altar for the LORD, and took all kinds of clean animals and birds and offered them on the altar as burnt offerings": (1) In layman's terms, "altar" is an ancient term for (1) In layman's terms, an "altar" was a high platform of earth and stone on which sacrifices and vows were held; it was a place where religious activities were conducted. (2) In fact, all "raised platforms made of earth and stone" are not real "altars", but are invisible, and are the natural "qi" of Christ (the Son of God) like Jesus. The true "altar" is invisible, and is the natural aura of Christ (the Son of God) like Jesus, the aura of righteousness that Christ had when he subdued the demons. (3) The Chinese character for "altar" is made up of the words "earth and clouds", meaning "coloured clouds on the earth of the heart", which is what Jesus said in the Book of Revelation This is what Jesus called in the Book of Revelation "the King on the heart", the Gog (the Gog, the Dharma, the God, the Christ who is not different from God). There is a Chinese Buddhist scripture called the Tanjing, which is a monograph on "how to make Magog (Magog, the living soul) see Gog and become the Christ", and there is not a single word in the scripture that makes one "build a high platform of earth and stone". The "altar" is therefore "the right way for Christians to become Christ" and "the right way for Magog to see Gog and become Christ".
(4) "Noah built an altar to the LORD" means that Noah became a "missionary" appointed by the LORD to spread the "infallible law that made Magog the Christ" in the days of Noah's life. Noah became a "missionary" appointed by Jehovah to spread the "infallible law of making Magog the Christ" in the days of Noah's life, making a group of people the living Christ. (5) The altar is used here as a metaphor for Noah's high, holy and majestic image of Yahweh's compassion for mankind as a result of his teaching of Yahweh. It is not really an altar. If you think that Noah really "built a high altar of earth and stone", you are imposing the idea of a beast on a man. You are an ordinary man who has not become Christ, and Noah is the Son of God who has become Christ. You are certainly in a different place from Noah, and your understanding of the same thing will be "vastly different". Noah's disciples, Christians from all walks of life who were "vegetarians, not eaters of meat, not liars, not evil-doers, not thieves, not drinkers", were "clean animals of every kind ". When Christians become Christ and fulfil their mission of preaching the law, they can return to the Lord in heaven like "birds of prey". The return to Jehovah's side in heaven with all kinds of Christ is the best comfort that "Noah the missionary" can give to Jehovah, the mother of the universe. (7) The "burnt offering", Noah used the fact that the disciples became Christ as a return to Jehovah, giving Jehovah the comfort of a cosmic mother for the success of his edification in the world.

13. "Burnt offering": (8) The "burnt offering" is not "the satisfaction of Christ as God", but "the best comfort to Jehovah, the mother of the universe, by becoming the Christ who smites the demons. (8) The "burnt offering" is not "the satisfaction of Christ's being God", but "the best consolation of being the Christ who smites the demons and gives the Lord, the mother of the universe". For over a thousand years, Christians have had difficulty in entering into the true meaning of the burnt offering because of the ambiguity of the concept of "Christ" and the lack of knowledge of what Christ is like, and have had to do the opposite of the true "burnt offering" according to the Jewish understanding. The concept of "Christ" is not vague at all, but is written in great detail in the Book of Revelation, and you cannot be Christ without the courage to die as Jesus did, nor can you have "the best comfort for the Lord, the mother of the universe" (the burnt offering). ).
(9) In Genesis 4, Abel gave "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the lamb" to the LORD as an offering, and was killed by his brother "Cain", because the LORD had said in "1:29, 3:23 "Abel was killed by his brother because he had broken the commandment to "kill". The LORD did not punish Cain, but allowed him to go away from the tomb where Abel's body was and to prosper in another place, as a token of appreciation for Cain's compliance with the LORD's commandment and for his courage. Cain was also allowed to flourish in another place, as a reward for Cain's compliance with Yahweh's rules and for his courage and righteousness. Thus, Noah, who made many people into Christ, would never have burnt "animals and birds" with fire to make a "burnt offering" to Yahweh, who "did not eat meat, did not eat, and gave birth to life".
(10) To "burn the whole beast with fire as a sacrifice" means to "sacrifice the whole beast and the fowl with fire" to Yahweh, which is not a "burnt offering" at all, but a demonic act of killing animals to slander Yahweh. This was not a "burnt offering" at all, but a demonic act of killing animals to slander and abuse Yahweh, who "does not eat meat and does not mutilate life". (11) In Leviticus 1-5, the third book of the Old Testament, the devil prescribes five kinds of sacrifices in the name of Yahweh: burnt offerings (burnt offerings), vegetarian offerings, peace offerings (gratuity offerings), sin offerings, and atonement offerings (atonement offerings). This is the reason why Jesus called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and why he overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". The reason why Jesus overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". (12) After the death of Jesus, the devilish groups took a frenzied revenge on Christianity by promoting the Old Testament as a "Christian classic" and using it to discredit the Christianity of Jesus. The Christian groups of today are in fact Judaism under the guise of Christianity.

14. Forbidden to eat meat: "9:3 Every living animal may be your food, and all these things I give you as vegetables": (1) This is a "counter-word" spoken by Yahweh, and not true. It was a deliberate "test" for "Noah and his sons", who of course knew that this was a "refrain" from Yahweh Noah and his son" knew that this was the Lord's word. "Noah and his sons" would not eat meat, because eating meat is cruelty to life and will be rewarded. (2) If we go back and look at what the LORD said, we will see that the LORD was speaking "backwards". "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel": this is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" to "forbid the eating of meat". This is God's "command and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". (2) "3:23 Then the LORD God sent him out of the garden of Eden to cultivate the soil from which he had come": this was the "express command" for Adam and Eve to eat crops. (3) "4:8 And Cain spoke with his brother Abel, and they were in the field, and Cain rose up and struck his brother Abel and killed him": for "Abel" took "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep "Cain" criticised Abel for "killing life" for the pleasure of Yahweh, and for not receiving Yahweh's pleasure and blessing, because "killing life The sacrifice was the opposite of what Yahweh had said in Genesis, and was contrary to Yahweh's teaching of loving life, and Abel should have changed his ways. "Abel disagreed with Cain, who saw that Abel was being unreasonable and showed himself The devil's demonic nature of "killing life" was so great that he killed Abel in order to prevent more lives from dying at his hands and to prevent Abel from committing more sins. "Abel" was killed. (4) "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": this was because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". This shows that the LORD rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of the Book of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills a man who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh will be protected by Yahweh.

15. Meat is life: "9:4 But meat with blood is its life, and you shall not eat it": (1) This means that "as long as meat does not have blood, it is lifeless, and you may eat it", which is a deliberate excuse for you to eat meat. "This is a "test" to see how far you have come in your wisdom. If you believe this, you will become a meat-eating devil. (2) "Flesh with blood, that is its life" is a deliberate misleading statement by the LORD to see how wise you are. Consider this: Is meat not life? Where does flesh come from? Flesh is born of blood, and blood and flesh are closely intertwined as one. "The blood is its life," and the flesh is its life. Therefore, meat "you shall not eat", for flesh and blood are one in close communion, not that meat is not its life. (3) Flesh is born of blood, and both flesh and blood are its life. You shall not eat flesh, for eating flesh is an act of cruelty to life, a practice of the devil. To be a "righteous man", you must not eat meat. Eating meat is an act of the "unrighteous" and they will be punished.

16. Jesus is the "valiant hunter": "10:9 He was a valiant hunter before the LORD, so the proverb says, like Nimrod who was a valiant hunter before the LORD": (1) In front of us ordinary people A "valiant hunter" is one who kills many animals for meat, a hunter who hunts for a living. What about before the LORD? Is a "valiant hunter" someone who kills many animals for meat? Not necessarily. Because ordinary people are not in the same realm as Yahweh, the yardstick for measuring things is not the same. (2) The LORD made man and animals and gave life to all things, and never ate meat to harm them. But the devil, who was a jackal, was making people sick and corrupting Yahweh's teaching under the guise of Yahweh. Jesus discovered that Judaism was corrupting Jehovah's teaching under the guise of Jehovah, and that it was the wolfish nature of Judaism that was harming people, so Jesus shouted out against the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". "He was a valiant hunter before the LORD, the first of the heroes of the world". (3) In Genesis 4, "Cain", who killed his brother, was also considered a "valiant hunter". This is how the LORD dealt with Cain, the "valiant hunter": "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him". Thus "Cain", who killed his brother, was "the first of the heroes of the world".
(4) "Nimrod's" father, "Gush", was the brother of "Canaan". "Nimrod was the late nephew of Kanan. "Ham was the grandfather of Nimrod, and Noah was the great-grandfather of Nimrod. (5) "Noah" was the founder of Noah's Ark and the first captain of Noah's Ark. "Shem was the second captain of Noah's Ark after Noah's retirement. "When Shem retired, his brother "Japheth" took over from his brother "Shem". He retired and his brother "Japheth" took over from his brother "Shem" and became the "third captain of Noah's ark". "When Japheth reached the age of retirement, Canaan became the fourth captain of Noah's Ark. (6) The Western world does not have the 7,000 year old Chinese Taoist "Yin and Yang Theory" and does not know the "Yin and Yang Theory" spoken by Yahweh in Genesis 1, ignoring the serpent's compulsion to Eve to "steal the forbidden fruit" in chapter 3. "He did not have the Chinese theory of the "birth of the devil from the Tao" (Christ with the devil), and did not have a deep understanding of the devil's destruction of Yahweh's teaching, let alone the fact that the devil had been destroying Yahweh's rules and teaching since the time of Noah. (7) "Noah's party" is a "rebel and hero of the world". (7) When the "captain of Noah's ark" was preaching to the masses about "vegetarianism, not eating meat, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, not drinking, doing righteousness, becoming Christ and living forever in heaven", the rogues whose hearts were possessed by the devil began to whisper their doubts and then harassed others to listen. Later, they harassed others to listen to the sermon, and later sang and danced at the "altar" where the sermon was given (the same way that hymns and prayers are sung in church today); there were also cases where people of weak will were drawn to worship the evil god Satan. This is a "normal" phenomenon encountered in Noah's Ark, for "Christ and Satan" are like "day and night "It has existed throughout the ages. It is the same cosmic rule of "day and night" that when someone preaches the truth of the LORD, there is a devil to corrupt.
(8) The devil had been destroying Yahweh's rules and teachings since the time of Noah, and in the time of Canaan, Noah's Ark faced a great challenge and an invisible crisis. The need for an eloquent general to eliminate the threat to Noah's Ark was urgent, for from Noah to Canaan were all peasant-born men of letters who could only give the world a hard talk about the teachings of Yahweh. They lacked the authority of a great general to deter the devil from his cunning ways, and this is when "Nimrod", the "rebel of Noah's family", appeared. "Nimrod is a change from the "honest peasant of the House of Noah" to a Christ figure with "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron". "Nimrod is a martial artist like a "champion fighter" who strikes back hard against the wolves (demonic rhetoric) that threaten Noah's Ark, ensuring that Jehovah's teaching is not corrupted by the demonic crowd. (9) So the proverb says: "He was a valiant hunter before the LORD". (9) So the proverb says, "Like Nimrod, who was a valiant hunter before the Lord, such a man can be the Christ who subdues the wolves and the devils. No one can become Christ without being a "valiant hunter". The "valiant hunter" is an alternative name for "Christ".

17. "Noah's ark" completes its mission: "10:32 These were the clans of Noah's three sons, each of whom set up a nation after their tribe. After the flood, they were divided into kingdoms on the earth": (1) The word "flood" is not the water of the lake and the sea, but a "metaphorical" word used to describe the freedom to do whatever one wants to do, the unrestrained and unrestrained. The "flood" is today's "liberalism, sexual liberation, freedom of expression", etc., and belongs to the selfish, narrow-minded, radical and excessive trend of thought advocated by the "liberals". (2) The cause of the "flood" was the ignorance of man, the tragedy of ignorance. Noah's Ark" is to promote the teachings of Jehovah in the crowd, to let people know "the good, the beautiful and the ugly", and to tell "liberals": "Your freedom cannot harm the freedom of others. Your freedom must not be based on compromising the freedom of others. The so-called "freedom" has limits and is only allowed within a certain framework, it is not unlimited. When the world has accepted the LORD's teaching and understood that "people from heaven should return to the kingdom of heaven", and become good people who are "contented, upright, good, righteous and self-sacrificing", then "Noah's Ark" will be built. Noah's Ark" has completed its "stage" and the "flood" has receded.
(3) Noah's Ark was the first systematic popularisation of Jehovah's teachings in the Western world outside of China. "Nimrod, the "valiant hunter and fifth captain of Noah's ark", sailed the ark to a large area abroad and achieved "This is why Jehovah said of Nimrod, "He is the first of the heroes of the world". (4) Jesus, the "valiant hunter", overthrew the pernicious Judaism and established Christianity, which "makes Christians into Christ". Christianity is the "ark of Jesus", the second systematic popularisation of Jehovah's teaching in the Western world outside China. (5) Just as Noah's Ark was slowly deposited in the long history of mankind, after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the "Jesus Ark" has completely completed its historical mission. After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the "Ark of Jesus" will have completely completed its historical mission and a new era of "New Nimrod" (new rebels and revolutionaries) will appear before the world, and a new "Noah's Ark" (the Ark of the Lamb) will go to the "Christian nations The new "Noah's Ark" (the Ark of the Lamb) will come to the "Christian nations" to spread the teachings of Jehovah in the new age. (5) There is an old Chinese saying, "The boat of the law is always in the way" (the ark is always there). For human civilization has reached a stage where new indoctrination adapted to the new age is needed to uplift the spirituality of mankind. (6) A religious "revolutionary" like Jesus, who overthrew a powerful church group, is a "valiant hunter, a hero of the world, a captain of the ark of the age", who will also appear before the world in due course.

18. "Noah's ark" was broken: "11:8 Then the LORD scattered them from there over all the earth, and they stopped working and did not build the city": (1) from the "days of Noah (1) From the "days of Noah" to the "days of Nimrod", people became tired of the slow and boring teaching of Yahweh, and at this time Satan's teaching was growing and improving, and when Satan's teaching was accepted by the ignorant people, those who were tired of Yahweh's teaching joined in. (2) They did not confront Nimrod head-on at first, but only resisted his indoctrination in private, and then became increasingly arrogant, for their numbers kept increasing. When Satan's indoctrination was sufficient to counteract Jehovah's, "their same faith, their same speech, their single accent" was gone, and the different faiths "confused their accents and made their speech incompatible with each other". (3) Many of the disciples of the Ark of Nimrod were under Satan's spell, and "they stopped working and did not build the city", and they left the Ark of Nimrod because of Satan's colourful They left the Ark of Nimrod because their curiosity was satisfied by the variety of Satan's "works" (man-made methods), which allowed them to indulge in "prayer, prayer, meditation", a practice that was the opposite of the "Magog", and in the "Gog". (4) Satan's indoctrination is not the same as that of the Ark of Nimrod. (4) The most attractive aspect of Satan's indoctrination is that it is not necessary to "do righteousness and self-sacrifice", because many people do not have the heart to "do righteousness and self-sacrifice", but are full of selfishness and selfishness, and can, in the name of the LORD "In short, Satan's indoctrination gives those who are not righteous the "delusion of cultivation", which is "so they stopped working and did not build the city". This is the reason why they left the "ark of Nimrod" to become disciples of Satan.