The Bible Old Testament 1 True Exposition of Genesis 31 Jacob the robber escapes
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis 31 Jacob deceives his wife (31:1-16)
1. "31:1 And Jacob heard the sons of Laban saying, "Jacob has taken all our father's possessions, and has received all this glory through our father's. " (1) Jacob took away from Laban all that was rightfully his by improper means. (2) And through Laban's flock he obtained the glory that was his own.

31:2 And Jacob saw that Laban's countenance was not what it used to be toward him.
3. "31:3 And the LORD said to Jacob, "Go back to the land of your fathers and your father to your kinsmen, and I will be with you." : (1) There is no criticism of Jacob, speaking entirely from the point of view of harbouring Jacob, which can only be the devil and not at all the righteous and unselfish LORD. (2) The LORD can only be with the upright and unselfish righteous, never with the strong-armed liar.

31:4 Then Jacob sent for Rachel and Leah to come to the sheep of the field.
5. "31:5 Say to them, "I see that your father's countenance toward me is not what it used to be; but the God of my father has always been with me." (1) Laban does not look as good to you as he used to because you have deceived him and you are a selfish and narrow-minded devil. (2) Jacob, show that the devil of your father has always been with you.

31:6 And you know that I have done my best to serve your father.
7. "31:7 Your father has deceived me and changed my wages ten times, yet God has not allowed him to harm me." : (1) Jacob reveals himself as the devil. (2) Though Laban did not give you Rachel, but Leah, it was not a total deception, for you did get his daughter after all. This was the only time you were deceived. (3) "Ten times I changed my wages" is a lie made out of nothing; it is a lie that you deliberately fabricated. Jacob, you escaped because you lied and cheated, and you are still in the habit today! (4) The Lord God will not allow you to harm Laban, for he is not only your maternal uncle, but he is also the benefactor who took you in and the father of your wife.

31:8 If he says, 'A little for your wages,' all that is born of the flock will have a little; if he says, 'A grain for your wages,' all that is born of the flock will have a grain.
9. "31:9 In this way God has taken your father's livestock and given it to me." : (1) That Jacob should dare to impose his own sins on Yahweh shows that he was a devil who slandered and insulted Yahweh. (2) Jacob concealed the truth from his wife, lied to her, used the LORD as a cover, and described his taking as the LORD "taking your father's livestock and giving it to me", transferring his own sin to the LORD, showing that he had extinguished his humanity and become a devil.

31:10 When the sheep matched, I lifted up my eyes in a dream and saw that all the rams that jumped the ewes were striped, dotted, and spotted.
31:11 And the angel of God called to me in that dream, saying, 'Jacob!' And I said, 'Here I am.'
31:12 And he said, 'Lift up your eyes and see, all the rams that jump the ewes are striped, dotted, and spotted; I have seen all that Laban has done to you.
13. "31:13 I am the God of Bethel, where you have poured oil on the pillars and made a wish to me. Now get up and leave the land and go back to your native land!" : (1) Jacob had become devilishly human. (2) So far he has deceived his father, brother, maternal uncle and wife, and is the same image of a lying, deceitful devil as his grandfather Abraham and father Isaac. They were all "prophets of the Lord", all prophets of Judaism.

31:14 Rachel and Leah answered Jacob, "Do we still have a share in our father's house? Is there any more of our inheritance?
31:15 Are we not treated by him as strangers? For he has sold us and swallowed up our value.
16. "31:16 Everything that God has taken from our father, that is ours and our children's. Now whatever God has commanded you, just do it!" : (1) Do you see? The two daughters of Laban were such people who did not know right from wrong, and they treated their deceived father in this way. (2) Are they still the descendants of Adam and Eve? Why is there no humanity left in them? (3) Do we all understand? This is Jehovah's way of saying that this is what the devil is like.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 31 Jacob the Fraud, who had fled (31:17-21)
31:17 And Jacob arose, and made his sons and his wife ride on camels
31:18 and took all his livestock and his possessions that he had gotten at Padan Aram, and went to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan
19. "31:19 At that time Laban went shearing sheep, and Rachel stole the idols from her father's house." (1) "Rachel was beautiful and handsome by birth", married and jealous of her sister, and now listened to the deceiver's word and not only did she not seek justice for her father, but also "stole the idols from her father's house" before she fled. This is why Isaac wanted Jacob to marry the woman of Badan Aram. (2) This is the bad nature of Abraham's family. (3) Jacob's wife was a thief who stole, and all the wives of the Jewish prophets were thieves who stole. Does everyone get the picture?

31:20 And Jacob stole behind the back of Laban the Aramean, and did not tell him
31:21 and fled with all that he had. He got up and crossed the great river and went towards Mount Gilead.

Genesis 31 The devil warns Laban (31:22-25)
31:22 On the third day, someone told Laban, "Jacob has fled."
31:23 And Laban led all his brethren in pursuit, and pursued them seven days, and caught up with them on Mount Gilead.
24. "31:24 And God came to Laban the Aramean by night and said to him in a dream, "Take care that you do not speak well with Jacob!" : (1) It was not Jehovah who came to Laban the Aramean by night, but the evil god Satan, the devil in Jacob. (2) "Take care that you do not speak well or ill of Jacob" means: do not speak well or ill, just act according to the doctrine of righteousness. There is no warning, intimidation or rebuke at all. It means that you do not know good from evil, and that you do not understand even if you are given good or evil words, which means that you are a devil-possessed lackey.
31:25 Laban caught up with Jacob. And Jacob pitched his tent on the mountain; and Laban and all his brothers pitched their tents on Mount Gilead.

Genesis 31 Laban rebukes Jacob, the "robber" (31:26-35)
31:26 Laban said to Jacob, "What have you done? You have stolen behind my back, and you have taken my daughters away as if they had been taken by the sword.
31:27 Why did you run away in secret, and steal away, and not tell me, that I might send you back with joy, singing, beating drums, and playing the lyre?
31:28 And you did not allow me to kiss my grandson and my daughter; what foolishness you did!
29: "31:29 I had power in my hand to harm you, but the God of your father said to me last night, "Be careful that you do not speak well with Jacob!" (1) "The God of your father said to me last night, "Take care that you do not speak well of Jacob", which means that you do not know what is good or bad, and you do not understand what is good or bad; it means that the God of your father is not the righteous and unselfish LORD, for the LORD is the representative of righteousness and unselfishness. The fact that your father's God is protecting you and disregarding morality shows that he is the opposite of Jehovah, "the one of Satan's time", which means that you are also a son of Satan. (2) The "robber", "I had the power in my hand to harm you", but I did not harm you, not because I was afraid of your father's devil, but because your mother was my sister.

31:30 Now though you wanted your father's house and had to go, why did you steal my idol?"
31, "31:31 And Jacob answered Laban, saying, Lest thou take thy daughter from me, therefore I flee." (1) Jacob, the deceitful "robber", was denying and arguing! (2) You were afraid that Laban would take away your fraudulent possessions. (2) You are afraid that Laban will take away what you have cheated him out of. By saying "lest you take your daughter from me", you are reminding Laban that "Jacob is your son-in-law", and you are playing the "affection card".

31:32 As for your idols, whoever you search out in your possession will not be allowed to live, but confess to all our brothers what is yours in my possession, and take it." It turned out that Jacob did not know that Rachel had stolen the idols.
31:33 When Laban had entered the tent of Jacob, Leah and the two ambassadors, and had not searched them out, he came out of Leah's tent and went into Rachel's tent.
31:34 Rachel had hidden the idol in the camel's pannier, and sat down on it. And Laban felt all over the tent, and did not touch it.
35, "31:35 And Rachel said to her father, "Now I am not able to rise up before you because of my inconvenience; ask my Lord not to be angry." In this way Laban searched for the idol and did not find it": (1) Rachel, the wife of Jacob, "the prophet of the Lord", was completely on the side of the devil and was determined to be a thief who stole from her father. (2) Rachel should have left her father, for she was born for Jacob, because she was as vile and shameless as Jacob. Rachel, who was beautiful and handsome, was a devil with a wicked heart. Therefore, do not judge people by their appearance, and do not believe in the appearance of beauty and handsomeness. All those who are beautiful and handsome are the embodiment of the devil.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 31 Jacob shows the ugliness and wickedness of the devil (31:36-42)
36. "31:36 Then Jacob rebuked Laban in anger, saying, "What transgression have I committed, and what sin have I committed, that you should pursue me with such fire?" (1) Jacob, you devil, if you have "no transgression or sin", why did you not go away openly and honestly? Why did you flee without a word? (2) Jacob the devil, if you have no "trespasses or sins", why are you being pursued with great speed?

37. "31:37 You have touched all my furniture, and what have you found? That it may be set before you and my brethren, that they may discern and discern among you and me." (1) Jacob, the devil, did not find the "idol of Laban", but the LORD was fulfilling your family's "crime of stealing". (2) If Laban had found the idol and you had been exposed in public, the daughter would have been guilty of stealing from her father, but the most you would have said would have been an apology and it would have been blurred out, and your family would not have been guilty of stealing. Got it? Beasts.

38. "31:38 In the twenty years that I have been in your house, none of your sheep or goats has fallen out of the womb. I have not eaten any of the rams in your flock." : (1) "Your ewes and goats have not given birth" is Laban's own blessing, and has almost nothing to do with you, the "servant of the sheep". Do you understand? Beast. (2) "I have not eaten the rams of your flock", because you are a "servant of the sheep" and you should not eat them, they are for Laban only. Do you understand? Bastard. Didn't your father and your grandfather teach you? Didn't they always shepherd the sheep? Your grooming is so bad. (3) An enraged Jacob not only refused to admit his fault, but also became angry, using his wrongdoing as an excuse to vent his anger. This is the "devil of wrongdoing, the devil of denial, and the devil of grievance" going on a rampage.

39. "31:39 I did not bring you anything that was torn by the beast, but I paid for it myself. Whether by day or by night, what was stolen from you, you claim from me." : (1) Because you were the servant responsible for "tending the sheep," if you had not been lazy, the "tearing by the beast" would not have happened. If you are lazy and you are torn by the beast, you should pay for it yourself. You are "exposing yourself", exposing your laziness, you see? Bastard. (2) Because you are the servant responsible for "tending the sheep", if you had not been lazy, the "stolen" situation would not have occurred. If you are lazy and a "stolen" situation occurs, you should pay for it yourself. If you don't pay for it, Laban should claim it from you. You are "exposing yourself", exposing your laziness, got it? Bastard.

40. "31:40 I have suffered the heat of the day and the frost of the night, and I have not been able to close my eyes to sleep, as I always have." : (1) Beast, who told you to come here? Why have you come here, you fool? Jacob, you are a liar being chased by your brother, you had no place to run to, so you ran here. (2) You "suffer the heat of the day and the frost of the night, you cannot sleep with your eyes closed, and you are always in this condition". If you had confessed your mistake and vowed never to lie again, you would not have "suffered the heat of the day and the frost of the night, and would not have slept with your eyes closed".

41. "31:41 These twenty years I have been in your house, serving you fourteen years for your two daughters, and six years for your flock, and you have changed my wages ten times." : (1) "Serving you for fourteen years for your two daughters", you asked for it yourself, not Laban asked you for it, how are you barbaric and unreasonable? How can you take what is not for granted? (2) For six years you have taken all the flocks that should have belonged to Laban and made them yours by unjust means; the thin ones were given to Laban and the fat ones to you, so that Jacob became exceedingly rich and gained many flocks, servants, camels and donkeys; that is why you "served Laban for six years for his flocks"! In reality it was six years of your deceiving Laban and six years of making yourself rich. (3) "You have changed my wages ten times", which is nonsense from Jacob, the devil.

42. "31:42 Had not the God whom Isaac my father feared, the God of Abraham, been with me, you would now have sent me away empty-handed. God saw my affliction and my toil, and rebuked you last night." (1) The God we love is the Lord, who is like "father and son and mother and son" to us. The God your father Isaac feared was not the LORD, who is like father and son and mother, but Satan and the devil. Do you understand? Stupid pig. (2) Jacob, you beast. The "God whom Isaac feared, the God of Abraham" did not "rebuke" Laban at all, but said, "Be careful that you do not speak well or ill of Jacob", which means: do not speak well or ill of him. Do not say anything good or bad, just act according to the doctrine of righteousness. There was no "rebuke" to Laban, but you mistook it for a "rebuke" to Laban. (3) "The God of your father said to me last night, "Take care that you do not speak good or evil to Jacob". This is a clear "rebuke" of Jacob as a foolish pig who does not understand human speech, not a "rebuke" of Laban at all. (4) "Do not speak well with Jacob", for Jacob was a foolish pig who did not understand human speech. If you want to "send Jacob away empty-handed", be careful and arrange for your daughter and your possessions to be taken back by proper hands.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 31: The Two Make a Covenant (31:43-55)
43. "31:43 And Laban answered Jacob, "This daughter is my daughter, and these children are my children, and these flocks are my flocks; all that are before your eyes are mine. My daughters and the children they bear, what can I do to them today?" (1) Laban became a kindly maternal uncle and father. (2) Jacob has become a vile and shameless robber.

31:44 Come on! You and I may make a covenant, a testimony between you and me."
31:45 Then Jacob took a stone and set it up as a pillar.
31:46 And he said to the brothers, "Gather stones in a heap." So they took the stones and piled them in a heap, and everyone ate and drank beside them.
31:47 And Laban called the heap of stones Ichal Sahadutha, but Jacob called the heap of stones Gared (note: both mean "heap of stones as evidence").
31:48 And Laban said, "Today this heap of stones is a proof between you and me." So the name of the place was called Gareth.
31:49 It is also called Mizpah, which means, "After we have parted from one another, may the LORD see between you and me.
50. "31:50 If you treat my daughter with affliction, and take another wife besides my daughter, though no one knows it, yet God is a witness between you and me." (1) "The God of your father said to me last night, "Take care that you do not speak well with Jacob", indicating that Jacob was a foolish pig who could not understand human speech, so that Jacob, you foolish pig, would not treat his daughter with bitterness in the future, so Laban let your family go. (2) Laban did not fear the "rebuke" of "the God of Jacob's father" at all, but rather he feared the situation of his two daughters around Jacob from the father's point of view. Jacob was not of Laban's age and stature and would not have known what it was like to be a father, which is why he "must not speak well or ill of Jacob".

31:51 Then Laban said, "Look at this heap of stones and this pillar that I have set up between you and me.
31:52 This heap of stones is a proof, and this pillar is a proof. I will not pass over this heap of stones to harm you; neither shall you pass over this heap of stones and pillars to harm me.
53. "31:53 May the God of Abraham and the God of Nahor, the God of their fathers, judge between you and me. And Jacob swore by the God whom Isaac his father feared." (1) "The God of Abraham and the God of Nahor" are both the same Jehovah. "The God of Abraham and the God of Nahor, the God of their fathers" are both the same Jehovah. (2) Whichever gods of the world are partakers of Yahweh, who is the common mother of all gods and goddesses and the common source of all life. (3) "And Jacob swore by the God whom Isaac his father feared", indicating that Jacob did not agree that "the God of Abraham and the God of Nahor" were the same Jehovah, indicating that Jacob was a selfish, narrow-minded, self-praising, poisonous and bigoted devil.

31:54 And he offered a sacrifice on the mountain, and invited all the brothers to come and eat. And when they had eaten, they lodged on the mountain.
31:55 And Laban rose up early in the morning, and kissed his grandson and his daughter, and blessed them, and went back to his own place.

(1) The book of Genesis gives a very detailed account of the situation of the Jewish prophets who were demons, and the Jewish people were not ashamed to say that these demons in Genesis were their proud "prophets and priests", which is why Jesus called the Jewish group "Woe to the scribes and blind leaders who are hypocrites". (2) What I find most strange is that Christian people are not hostile to Judaism and do not expose it, but still preach from the Old Testament, a classic of Judaism, without knowing that Jesus was killed by Judaism and without any sense of vindication for Jesus, which means that they have all become Judaizers under the guise of Christianity. (3) The first purpose of the vast amount of "Old Testament" that Jehovah has compiled into the Bible is to cover up the "infallible way for Christians to become Christ" as revealed in the Book of Revelation, and the second purpose is to test the wisdom of Christians by means of a "test". The second purpose was to test the wisdom of Christians by means of a "test question", which was intended to show what the devil is like by "thinking backwards". As a result, neither of Yahweh's aims were achieved, because no one reading the Bible sensed the "reverse thinking" approach that Yahweh was using and made the "antagonists" the direct target of study. Because they do not know the "reverse thinking" approach used by the LORD, Christians have become minions of Satan, and have even less wisdom to unravel the vast riddles of the Book of Revelation. (4) In this case, the "singing of hymns and prayers", because it gives vent to the confusion of ignorance, has become the most common "Christian doctrine", completely obliterating the Christianity that "makes Christians into Christ", and putting an end to the vast amount of Christianity. Christianity, which "makes Christians Christ", has turned vast numbers of Christians into Judaizers in the guise of Christianity, flocking to hell in droves].

Li Huaizhu Published on September 2, 2017 19:13 PM 3 Day 11:50 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






