The Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 16) Kings from the Land of the Rising Sun
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 16: The angels pour out on the ground the seven bowls of God's great wrath (16:1-2)
27-16:1, "16:1 And I heard a great voice coming out of the temple, saying to the seven angels, "Go, pour out on the ground the seven bowls of God's wrath": (1) The heavenly realms are divided into the east, west, south, north and middle heavens. "In the Middle Heaven there is the "Heavenly Palace", where the "Jade Emperor" resides, holding the 36 heavens and the 3,000 worlds; the 72 earths and the 4 continents; the saints, immortals, gods, Buddhas He is the supreme ruler of the universe, the sun, the moon, the stars and millions of living beings. Although there are gates of heaven in the east, west, south and north, only the "Southern Gate of Heaven" is open. All the saints, Buddhas, immortals and gods enter and exit through the "Southern Heavenly Gate", while the other three gates are closed to the mortal world. The "Southern Heaven" is the residence of the "Prime Minister - Wenheng Shengdi", who is in charge of the administration of heaven and earth; he is responsible for the administration of the various heavenly reports; the assignment and elevation of the gods; the examination of the saints, immortals, gods and Buddhas; and the investigation of good and evil. "The South Heaven is the gateway to the heavenly realm and the administrative area of the whole heavenly realm, and is dominated by the Prime Minister, the Holy Emperor Wenheng. Its administrative centre, the Southern Heavenly Jade Palace, is located on the seventh level of the Southern Heaven, and is responsible for the administration of the three realms and ten directions by the Jade Edict, holding the power of heaven, earth and man, and the authority of all religions. The Jade Palace of the Southern Heaven is under the jurisdiction of eight divisions and six provinces, each responsible for its own affairs. The eight departments are: the Department of Three Talents, the Department of Seven Administrations, the Department of Thunder and Lightning, the Department of Wind and Rain, the Department of Frost and Snow, the Department of Water and Fire, the Department of General and Commander, and the Department of Supervision. The six provinces are: the Government of Administration, the Province of Immortality, the Province of Divine Service, the Province of Universalism, the Province of Transformation and Education, and the Province of Documents. Under the "Pudu House", there are two other houses, one is the Zhenwen House. The second is the Luan House.
(2) "The great voice came out of the temple", this is not "God" in the "temple of the same life" (God's administrative temple) in the "Wuji Heaven", which is thirteen stories away. "This is the "Southern Heavenly Jade Palace" in the seventh level of the Southern Heaven; it is equivalent to the State Council. (3) The "seven bowls of God's wrath" are the seven categories of deceitful deceivers who do not allow Christians to become Christ, but instead make them Satan's minions who "sing hymns and prayers", using an "invisible sword that kills without blood". These deceivers use the "invisible sword that kills without blood" to commit the seven deadly sins of "slandering the Buddha and destroying the law, and harming the lives of people". (4) The "seven bowls of God's great wrath" are: although they have heard the "teaching of the Lamb", they refuse to accept the "Lamb, the unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions, the acknowledgement of the mother to the root, and the return to God". The "teachings of the Lamb" are not accepted, but they are still "foolish and loyal" within one of the five religions of the past, and are not ashamed of being "a frog in a well with a blind eye". They are not ashamed of being a "frog in a well with a blind eye", but they are still drunkenly thinking that they will "reach heaven", when in reality they are already serving a sentence in hell, and they do not realise it themselves, but make others around them follow their example, committing the mortal sin of "demagoguery and harming people's lives". These "spokesmen of Satan" are divided into seven categories, depending on the sins they have committed, and thus the "seven bowls". (5) "Poured out on the ground", i.e. a natural or man-made calamity has come upon the world.

27-16:2, "16:2 Then the first angel went and poured out the bowls on the ground, and there were evil and poisonous sores on those who had the mark of the beast and worshipped its image": (1) "The first angel went and poured out the bowls on the ground", either on land or on land far from the sea. or on the ground far from the sea. (2) Knowing that the "Last Judgement and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb" have already begun, one does not accept the "Lamb, the three religions in one, the five religions in one, the Mother to the Root, the same God" of the Baiyang religion, but remains in one of the past "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Yehoshua". "Such "walking corpses who do not listen to advice and animals who do not listen to people" are all "beasts with the mark of the beast They are the "mark of the beast". In the Chinese "Long Hua Zhen Jing", there is a term called "crippled spirits", which refers to such mentally handicapped people. (3) Those who do not practise God's "law of nothingness" (law of lawlessness as law of being) and who do not allow "Christians to become Christians", and all kinds of "Satanic indoctrination" (law of being), are The "worshippers of the image of the beast". Those who do not accept the "Lamb, the unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions, the return of the mother to her roots, and the return to God" are all "worshippers of the image of the beast". (4) Will there be "wicked and poisonous sores" on those who do not accept the Bais Yang religion of "the Lamb, the three religions in one, the five religions in one, the mother to the root, and the one to God", and when "the angel, pour out the bowl on the ground ", then we will know.

Revelation 16 Pouring out into the sea (16:3)
27-16:3, "16:3 And the second angel poured out his bowl into the sea, and the sea became blood, as the blood of a dead man, and all the living creatures of the sea died": (1) "The second angel poured out his bowl into the sea", to the extent that it was on the coast of the land by the sea, or not too far from the sea not too far from the sea. (2) "And the sea became blood, like the blood of a dead man": this is a typhoon or tsunami, and the sea was rushing towards the shore. (3) "The world of the people" is "the sea". "The sea becomes blood, like the blood of a dead man" is a metaphor for bloodshed, such as war, or a blood disease. (4) The "living creatures of the sea" are aquatic animals that are less than human beings, and are a metaphor for the unwise, treacherous, slippery, clever and ignorant people in the human world, all of whom have the characteristics of "fish". (5) Because of the absence of the "needle of the sea" (which became the indoctrination of Christ, the indoctrination of the Lamb), the demonic heresy of "singing hymns and prayers" has become the "mainstream doctrine", that is like a "violent wind and wave" in the sea of men, which will "kill all the living creatures of the sea".

Revelation 16: Poured out into the rivers and the waters (16:3-7)
27-16:4, "16:4 And the third angel poured out his bowl into the rivers and into the fountains of the waters, and the waters became blood": (1) The dam is the "water officer" who governs the waters and keeps them in order for the benefit of mankind. As a result of the "induction of man and heaven", the "rivers and the waters" were called upon to overflow and destroy the dams. (2) "And the waters became blood", indicating that the floods overflowed, devouring and destroying lives.
27-16:5, "16:5 I heard the angel over the waters saying, "O Holy One, who was and is, you judge righteously": (1) "The angel over the waters" is a representative of wisdom. (2) We know that the "holy ones who were and are", the great men and women of the past and the present, and the supreme saints of the past and the present, all fear the rules and respect the Divine Order, and everyone should "overcome selfishness, keep the rules and respect the Divine Order". Otherwise, if one disobeys the Mandate of Heaven, does not respect it, and does not accept the "correction of the Lamb", one will be punished by Heaven. (3) If you judge in this way, you are righteous. You are not righteous if you do what you want, if you die and do not listen, and if you rampage.

27-16:6, "16:6 They have shed the blood of the saints and prophets, and now you give them blood to drink, as they deserve": (1) The twelve disciples of Jesus in those days were saints; those who have inherited Jesus' "teaching of Christ" are saints; those who have become Those who have become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" are saints. He is not a saint if he has not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the shining sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron". Those who "sing hymns and prayers" are not only not saints, but are also Satanic demons who use "Satan's indoctrination" to obliterate "Christ's indoctrination". Those who promote the "singing of hymns and prayers" as "Christian doctrine" are "shedding the blood of saints and prophets". (2) Those who dare to question life, to study it from their own unique point of view, to understand the subtleties of life, to study its meaning, to think about how to live better than the average man, are also called "high men" or "prophets They were therefore called "high men" or "seers". The prophets are those who have become "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright bronze, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron". "The Jewish priests in the Old Testament were "false prophets" whose minds were dominated by Satan, the devil, and who spoke words that did not allow people to become Christ. "The words of the Jewish priests in the Old Testament were "shedding the blood of saints and prophets", for Jesus called them "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and afterwards They had Jesus "crucified" and killed. (3) Instead of following the teachings of Jesus and the Twelve in the "New Testament", they used the "Old Testament" Jewish teachings to obliterate the "New Testament", that is, "shedding the blood of the saints and prophets". The blood of the saints and prophets".
(4) Before the True Exposition of the Bible, there was no basis for "judgment" until the "Last Judgment, the Last Judgment", nor did we know what it meant to "shed the blood of the saints and prophets". With the True Exposition of the Bible, the "Last Judgment" has begun and we know what "Christ's indoctrination and Satan's indoctrination" are, and the time has come when "they have shed the blood of the saints and prophets, and now you give them blood to drink "The time has come. (5) None of these "church groups", "Catholic, Orthodox, Protestant", etc., promote the "indoctrination of Christ", but all promote the "indoctrination of Satan" under the guise of Christianity. "They are a group of demons who "shed the blood of the saints and prophets" and whose karmic retribution, "which they deserve", is at hand.

27-16:7, "16:7 And I heard a voice from the altar saying, "Yes, O Lord God, the Almighty! Your judgment is righteous! Sincerely!" (1) Only those who have the mindset of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother" are the "Almighty" and know what "righteousness and sincerity" are. (2) Those who do not know what "Christ's indoctrination and Satan's indoctrination" are, do not know what "righteousness and sincerity" are. (3) Christianity stands for its own religion and denigrates all denominations other than its own as "unholy", showing that Christian people are not only not "omnipotent", but also "frogs in the bottom of the well who are blind and arrogant". "They are all incarnations of the devil who promote "Satan's indoctrination" under the guise of Christianity. (4) Christianity stands for its own religion and stigmatizes all denominations other than its own as "unholy", showing that Christian people are not "righteous and sincere". (5) Christianity stands for its own religion and slanders all denominations other than its own as "unholy", which means that Christian people are not only not "Almighty", but also not "righteous and sincere". "Is there any need for such a "satanic group" to continue to exist? What are the consequences of their continued existence?

Revelation 16: Fall on the sun (16:8-9)
27-16:8, "16:8 And the fourth angel poured out a bowl on the sun, so that the sun might roast man with fire": (1) In Chinese medical theory, "wind, cold, heat, dampness, dryness and fire" are the six factors that cause illness, also called (1) According to the theory of Chinese medicine, "wind, cold, summer, dampness, dryness and fire" are the six factors that cause illness, also known as the "six evils and the six obscenities. When the body's positive energy is insufficient and its resistance weakens, wind, cold, heat, humidity, dryness and fire will take advantage of the deficiency and cause illness in the body. As these are the incorrect qi, they are also known as the "six evils". One, fire and heat are Yang evils that burn upwards, easily depleting Qi and injuring fluid. As fire is inflammatory, the evil of fire and heat is burnt and burned upwards, easily attacking the upper part of the body. Fire-heat easily injures the wind and moves the blood. Fire-heat easily disturbs the mind. (5) The fire evil tends to cause sores and carbuncles. (2) The enthusiasm for the Christian doctrine of "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity, volunteering", etc., and the "sincerity and enthusiasm" with which it is preached, are all manifestations of "fire-heat as a yang evil This is a manifestation of "fire and fervour as a yang evil". If someone advises them that this is not the way for Christians to be indoctrinated by Christ and not to do such things that have nothing to do with the New Testament, they do not listen to them and become angry, which is a sign of "hotness as a yang evil". This is the result of the "heat of the sun", "that the sun may bake men with fire".

27-16:9, "16:9 When men are roasted with great heat, they blaspheme the name of God, who has authority over these plagues, and do not repent and give glory to God": (1) they cannot think calmly about what "Christ's correction and Satan's correction" are, and do not know (1) they do not know that "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity, volunteering", etc., are not "Christian teaching", nor do they know that they are "Satanic teaching" that is obliterating "Christian teaching". "Satan's indoctrination" is a sign that "men are roasted in the heat of the day". (2) The inability to walk into Christianity and then walk out of Christianity in style, and the inability to analyse rationally and soberly what is not "Christian indoctrination" in Christianity, are all manifestations of a "man baked by the heat". (3) To promote the "Old Testament" without knowing the cause of Jesus' death and without being hostile to it; to promote Christianity without shame without being able to explain the Book of Revelation is also a sign of "a man baked by the heat". This is also a sign that "men are baked by the heat". (4) Other Christians go to the homes of the sick out of "compassion", shouting the name of God and healing them, only to be turned against them by the devil, which is a manifestation of "people being baked by the heat". (5) To promote the "church group" with falsehood is to be overzealous and to do evil with good intentions, profaning "the name of God who has authority over these plagues". (6) A "church group" that promotes falsehood as truth does not know that it has done the "opposite" and will not repent at all, nor will it be able to "give glory to God", but rather They cannot "give glory to God", but "give glory to Satan".

Revelation 16: Falling on the seat of the beast (16:10-11)
27-16:10, "16:10 And the fifth angel poured out his bowl on the seat of the beast, and the kingdom of the beast was darkened. And the man bit his own tongue because of the pain": (1) The "seat of the beast" is the "priesthood of the Nicolaitans", the "pope, the fathers, the priests, the priests", etc. "etc., which are privileged titles. All those who have the "priesthood" are the "Nicolaitans" whom Jesus hated, the demonic Satan who kidnapped "Jesus" and raped Christianity, the Satanic slaves who are possessed by the devil and controlled by his words and thoughts. They are all Satanic minions who are possessed by the devil and controlled by him in word and deed. (2) The fifth angel pours out his bowl on all those who have the "priesthood order". (3) The "kingdom of the beast" is a "church group" with a "priesthood". (4) Under the guise of Christianity, they claim to be "lawful Christianity", but they do not promote "the edification of Christians into Christ", nor do they make Christians into "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright Instead, Christians are told to practise "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity, volunteering", etc., which have nothing to do with the "Christian indoctrination to be Christ". "They deny "their own tongues" by their words and actions, that is, they "bite their own tongues" and they suffer the sores and pains that result from this.

27-16:11, "16:11 And because of the pain they suffered and the sores they had, they blasphemed God in heaven and did not repent of what they had done": (1) Under the guise of Christianity, they claim to be "legitimate Christianity" and do not promote (1) Under the guise of Christianity, it says that it is "legitimate Christianity" and does not promote "the edification of Christians into Christ", nor does it make Christians "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", but rather makes Christians practise "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity, volunteering". The "Satanic indoctrination" that has nothing to do with "the Christian's indoctrination to be Christ" is "blasphemy against the God of heaven". This is "blasphemy against the God of heaven". (2) The "priests and ministers" who have a "legitimate, clerical order" are shameless "animals" who are hated by Jesus. They are the "Nicolaitans" who revel in the glory of preaching to the "lambs" (Christians), and who put their own ideas into practice as "Christian doctrine" for Christians, not allowing them to become "Christians" at all. "Instead, Christians have become their slaves, doing whatever they can for their own "fame and fortune" and "not repenting of what they have done". (2) Christians have become the devil of greed.
(3) Christians who listened to the teachings of the "church group" did not go to heaven at all, because they did not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" during their lifetime, so they all flocked to hell, where the Christians The Christians in hell repented, and then asked "to go to the Christian church group to avenge their grievances", and the prison officers in hell granted permission, for if they did not, their "grievances would not cease", and an angel would release the "mad spirits" from hell. The angels would release the "mad spirits" from hell, and there would be all kinds of calamities in the world. (4) Jerusalem is only a devil's city, because there is no one to hand down the "Christianity that makes Christians Christians", but only the "Christian indoctrination" that makes Christians "Christians" for life. "Therefore, there is no need for Jerusalem to exist at all, and it will only suffer more from the "spirits of madness", which is the reason why "the Israelites are suffering from the tribulation".

Revelation 16: The Fall on the Euphrates (16:12-16)
27-16:12, "16:12 And the sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and its waters dried up, to prepare the way of the kings who came from the land of the rising sun": (1) In the Bible the Euphrates is called the River Berah. The first mention of the Euphrates in the Bible is in Genesis 2 - it is the fourth river to flow out of the Garden of Eden, after the Pishon, the Gihon and the Tigris. The Euphrates, which together with the Tigris to its east defines the Mesopotamian plain, originates in the mountains of Anatolia, flows through Syria and Iraq and finally joins the Tigris to form the Shatt al-Arab and empties into the Persian Gulf. The largest river in South-West Asia. Originating in the Armenian plateau of Turkey, it flows roughly southeast through southern Syria and Iraq, joining the Tigris to form the Shatt al-Arab, which empties into the Persian Gulf. The Euphrates is about 2800 km long. (2) A news article on the drying up of the Euphrates on 21 July 2009, accompanied by several pictures. The river has become noticeably narrower than it was a few years ago. It is feared that soon only half of it will be left and it is said to have dried up three quarters in only 10 years before 2009.
(3) The sun rises in the east, and the 'land of the rising sun' is the east of the world, the Far East, China. (4) The "kings from the land of the rising sun" are a group of Chinese from the East; they are not at all the Jesus of the West, nor are they Westerners. For the Chinese, unlike Christianity, are not frogs at the bottom of the well who are "mono-specialists, who stigmatize other religions, who ignore the existence of others", but kings of the law who have the idea of "three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to root, one God", who are well versed in many religions and find common ground. (5) "The kings from the land of the rising sun", who are disciples of the Lamb, are kings of the law who have mastered many religions and have found common ground. (6) "To prepare the way for the kings who come from the land of the rising sun", for the "Chinese Lamb" will spread the "Baiyang religion of the three religions in one, the five religions in one, the mother to the root, the one God "If there is no ravine in Iraq, there will be no obstacle for the "Chinese Lamb". (6) If the "great Euphrates" is really on the verge of drying up, then it is "ready for the way to the West", and the "Chinese lambs" will not be able to reach the West until the "White Sun" has been converted. The time is near when the "Chinese Lamb" will spread the "Baiyang religion" to the Christian West.
(7) The Belt and Road (B&R) is the abbreviation for the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road. (7) "One Belt and One Road" (English: The Belt and Road, abbreviated as B&R) is the abbreviation for "Silk Road Economic Belt" and "21st Century Maritime Silk Road. It will rely fully on the established bilateral and multilateral mechanisms between China and the countries concerned, and build on established and proven regional cooperation platforms. The "Belt and Road" aims to borrow the historical symbols of the ancient Silk Road, hold high the banner of peaceful development, actively develop economic partnerships with countries along the route, and work together to build a community of interests, destiny and responsibility with mutual political trust, economic integration and cultural tolerance. (8) On 28 March 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Commerce jointly released the Vision and Actions for Promoting the Construction of the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road.From 14 to 15 May 2017, the Belt and Road International Cooperation Summit Forum was held in Beijing, and in addition to 28 In addition to 28 heads of state and government, officials, scholars, entrepreneurs, financial institutions, media and other people from 110 countries and 89 heads and representatives from 61 international organisations confirmed their attendance at the Forum. Among them, Secretary-General Guterres of the United Nations, President Jim Yong Kim of the World Bank and Managing Director Lagarde of the International Monetary Fund will be invited to attend the Roundtable Summit. The total number of participants in the Summit will be more than 1,200.

27-16:13, "16:13 And I saw three unclean spirits, like frogs, coming out of the mouths of dragons and beasts and false prophets": (1) The "unclean spirits" are the associates of Satan, the devil, who are the opposite of Christ (the Son of God, the righteous God). (1) "unclean spirits" are the associates of Satan, the devil, who are the opposite of Christ (the Son of God, the righteous God) and are also called "demons". The "unclean spirits" attach themselves to the human body, take the "essence" of the person for their own use, dominate the person's mind, and make the person their "spokesman". The "spokesmen" were allowed to set up "church groups" (Nicolaitans) under the guise of "Christianity" and to "sell out Jesus" to gain fame and fortune. "The aim is to get closer to people, to create a sense of "people-friendliness", to make people let down their guard and gain trust, so that they can The aim is to get closer to people and to create a sense of "people-friendliness", so that people can let down their guard and gain trust, in order to "take by force" and loot in disguise. They instil "ecstasy" in Christians so that they may become false, lose their humanity, lose their wisdom, become sick and broke, become dead, become worse than animals, become drunk and fall into hell. (2) "Three unclean spirits" means that there are "three main categories" of Satan's associates, not just three.
(3) "Like frogs" is not "frogs". Because Satan has the ability to change his external appearance to hide his true nature, the metaphor is "from a tadpole with a tail in the water to an amphibious four-legged frog". (4) "Out of the mouth of the dragon" indicates that these "unclean spirits" are birds and insects that fly on clouds and mists and have wings to fly in the air. (5) "Out of the mouth of the beast" means that these "unclean spirits" are land animals, or aquatic animals in rivers, lakes and seas. (6) Whoever does not let a man become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is a "false prophet", no matter how much he pretends to be Jehovah. Only he who makes a man "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is a true "prophet". (7) "Out of the mouth of false prophets" means that this category of "unclean spirits" are "Jewish priests" or "priests and ministers" with "priesthood orders". The "priests and ministers" of the "priesthood" are the ghosts of various dead people.

27-16:14, "16:14 And they were spirits of demons, which did wonders, and went out to all the kings of the earth, that they might gather together for battle in the great day of God the Almighty": (1) The "unclean spirits" are the "three classes" and the "divine masculine". (1) The "unclean spirits" are the "three categories" of the feminine, the opposite of the divine masculine, and "they are the spirits of demons", the "feminine" that makes up the "Word". The "Way" of the Lord consists of yin and yang, "one yin and one yang is called the Way", the masculine being the divine sunlight that saves, and the feminine being the obscure demons and devils that harm. (2) The gods, like the Lord, give reasoning, open people's eyes to wisdom, and teach them to become Christ, who is "no different from God"; but they do not immediately give people inspiration, nor do they "perform wonders" to convince them. The gods will only teach those who have wisdom, not those who do not. (3) The "spirits of demons", who are different from the Lord, also give reasoning to people and do not allow them to open their eyes, to be wise, or to become Christ, who is "no different from God", but to become ignorant, brain-damaged people who are worse than animals and walking corpses. In order to better mislead people into slavery, "the spirits of demons perform wonders", which can immediately make people feel and thus achieve the goal of convincing them.
(4) The "kings of the world" established their own states, each with its own "religious sects and beliefs". "The "religious denominations and beliefs" of each country are the way for the Lord to "make man Christ" and return to heaven. The global village is only as rich as the diversity of the world. In order to make the global village rich and varied, the Lord created "all the kings, nations and religions of the world" with different languages and scripts. (5) "Spirits of demons" go out to the kings of the world and do wonders to corrupt the way of the Lord to "make man Christ" and return to heaven. Because the "man who becomes Christ" will be able to subdue demons and heal the sick and save people, they do everything possible to prevent the "man who becomes Christ" from being subdued. In order to better prevent "man from becoming Christ", they entered into religion and became "legitimate priests, ministers and priests", and they made their "Christian indoctrination" ( They have successfully achieved the goal of corrupting the righteousness from within by promoting these "Christian teachings" ("hymns and prayers" and other "works") as "Christian teachings" (works).
(6) Like Jesus, he called the Jewish Church "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", thus ending the "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era". The Christ of the "New Testament Age" is the "Great Day of God the Almighty", the one who has brought the teachings of "God the Almighty" to the world and "made men into Christ" to heaven. The denomination that transmits the idea of the person who "becomes Christ" (the Law of Nothingness) and returns to heaven is the "Great Day of the Almighty". "The "Great Day of God Almighty" is the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, or the "five masters of the five religions". (7) Those who slander and maim those who have returned to heaven to "become Christ" (the Law of Nothingness) are the "spirits of demons" who have gathered to fight on the Great Day of God Almighty. Because many people want to become "Christ and return to heaven", the "spirits of demons" have entered the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and created all sorts of "the law of nothingness" which is diametrically opposed to the teachings of the Lord. This is how the "spirits of demons" have entered the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, creating all kinds of "positive laws" that are diametrically opposed to the doctrine of the Lord (the law of nothingness), in order to obliterate the "non-dual positive law" of the "transformation of man into Christ" (the law of nothingness). This is the "spirit of demons" gathering to fight in the great day of God's Almighty.
(8) Because "Christ" does not learn from Christianity, and "Christ" has the power to subdue demons, he does not learn from Christianity and becomes like Jesus, who rebuked the "Jewish Church" as The "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders" have become Christ. Lead "Christians who want to be Christians" to "sing hymns and prayers" so that "Christians" will always be "Christians ", so that "Christians" forget "the original purpose of becoming Christ", so that "Christians" never become "Christians"! Christ"! This is how the "spirits of demons" corrupt Christianity from within, and this is how the "spirits of demons gather to fight in the great day of God the Almighty". (9) The reason why this is a "miracle" is that the rulers of the earth are not wise enough to discover that the pervasive "spirits of demons" are all around them, and that people are already in hell as minions of Satan, thinking that they are going to heaven. People think that they are technologically advanced, that they are great, that they are "celebrities, masters, professors", but in fact they are all wretches who are deceived and used by the "spirits of demons" who are less than human beings. (10) Such a situation exists not only in Christianity, but also in Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism, because the "spirits of demons" are "going out to all the kings of the world". (10) Such a situation exists not only in "Christianity" but also in "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", for "demonic spirits" go "out to all the kings of the earth", for "demonic spirits" are "viruses and germs" that spread on their own through the air to any corner of the earth.

27-16:15, "16:15 (Behold! I have come as a thief. Blessed is he who is vigilant, who guards his clothes, lest he walk naked, that men may see his shame!") : (1) Behold! You Christians, you don't even have the idea of becoming Christ anymore, you don't even know that "the indoctrination of becoming Christ is Christianity", you are so deceived by the "spirits of demons" of the animal world. (2) "Thieves" are not to be seen in the open, but are sneaky, unknown "lowlifes, scum of the earth". "I have come as a thief" because my words about "making Christians into Christ" (scolding the Jewish Church) have not been listened to, and Christians have not exposed the "Old Testament" Jewish Christians do not have the courage or the idea to expose the "Old Testament" Jewish doctrine of "making oneself Christ", so I, Jesus, am a man who is disregarded and vilified by Christians, and I am as lowly as a thief in your eyes. The "priests and ministers of the Church" who deceive you into hell are, on the contrary, the Christ, the Lord, who makes you respectful and fearful; these are the "strange things" that you "Christians" are doing. These are the "strange things" that you "Christians" are doing. (3) When you came to Christianity and became "Christians", you were given the "garment" of "Christianity". But have you learned from me, Jesus? I, Jesus, never sang "hymns", do you know that? Doing what Jesus did not do is not "Christian" at all. It means that you are all "naked", that you are all walking around with no sense of shame, with no sense of right and wrong, with no sense of truth! (4) "That men may see his shame" does not mean that they may see his "shame", but that he knows what "shame and shame" are, that he knows that the difference between man and beast is that man knows "If a man has no "shame" and does not know "shame", he is worse than a beast.
(5) To realise that Jesus was "crucified" because he rebuked the Jewish Church, and that Christians should carry on the legacy of Jesus. If they do not do so, they will be ashamed of Jesus and will not be qualified to be "Christians", blessed are those who are "alert, who have kept their clothes on, who have not walked naked" and who know "shame" in this way. Woe to those who do not have such awareness and consciousness, who are fools without "shame", who do not know "shame"! Woe to them! For they are the kind of people Jesus rebuked, the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (6) To realise that "Christian words and deeds" such as "singing hymns and prayers, charity" are things that Jesus did not do, and that Christians who do things that Jesus did not do are "throwing off their clothes and walking naked" without realising it. "Christians who do things that Jesus did not do are "throwing off their clothes and walking naked" without realizing it, and are fools who have lost their wisdom by drinking "ecstasy" and have no "shame". For they are the kind of people Jesus rebuked, "hypocritical scribes and blind guides".

27-16:16, "16:16 Then the three demons called all the kings together in one place, which in Hebrew is called Hamidjidoton": (1) The "kings" of the world ("Buddhists, Taoists, Confucians, and Jews"), although they were not the same as the "kings of the world" ("Buddhists, Taoists, Confucians, and Jews"), were not the same. (1) The "kings" of the world (the "Buddhists, Taoists, Confucians and Jews"), although they use different languages and texts to transmit their teachings, all have the same meaning, to make their followers "sons of God" like Jesus, "prophets" of the nations, so it is not So it is not that "the three demons told the kings to gather in one place", but that "the kings" were "gathered in one place", and that they had been appointed by the Lord to preach the law to the nations of the earth. The "assembled in one place" is a metaphor for the "kings" distributing among the nations to preach the "non-dual law of clarity" (the way for Christians to become Christ, the law of inaction) to bring people back to heaven. (2) The "demonic" side of the three main types of animal paths is corrupting the same "method of making Christians into Christ, the law of nothingness" of the "kings" in all parts of the world, i.e. (2) "Gathering the kings together in one place" and becoming the "righteous and righteous side" which is the opposite of their "demonic" side. (3) The "Chinese Lamb" has discovered the common denominator of the "kings" (the lords of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism) and the common denominator of the "demons" of the three major animal paths. Therefore, it is possible to interpret the classics of a certain religion using the common points of the "kings" (the five sects of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam), and to make the prophecies of a certain religion very simple to interpret. "It is also possible to use the common denominator of the "kings" (the five masters of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam) to attack the "demons" who corrupt a particular religion. (4) After the death of Master Hui Neng in 713, the world's Dharma movement entered the "Last Dharma Age", the "Age of Demons" (the Age of Magic), in which demons were the dominant force, because "the righteous Dharma and magic "This is the reason why "the spirits of the demons go out to all the kings of the world".
(5) "The three demons then called the kings together in one place", and the "kings" (the lords of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism) formed "the white sun of the Chinese lamb". So the "Chinese Lamb" could easily interpret and judge a particular religion in each country. So today the "Age of Demons" (the Age of Magic) has been brought to an end by the "Baiyang Cults" of the "Chinese Lamb, the unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions, the return of the mother to her roots, and the return to God". The "marriage feast of the Lamb" has begun in full force throughout the world. (6) "In Hebrew it is called Hamidji Dodon", in Chinese it means "the alarm bell rings long; remember all". Remember: "The Chinese Lamb" interprets the Book of Revelation and "unveils the seven seals", representing Yahweh's implementation of the "marriage supper of the Lamb", and anyone who does not approve will be swept into hell.
(7) "Hammageddon", not Mount Megiddo. (8) Some think that the Hebrew word John had in mind was "Har-mo'edth", which in Isaiah 14 refers to the holy mountain where the throne of God is located. In Isa 14:13, the king of Babylon (Satan) wants to seat himself on "ar-mo'edth" and seize power over the universe. Others have explained that another spelling might be "Har-migdo" or Mount Zion. All these "interpretations" are Satan's wild guesses, designed to conceal the truth.

Revelation 16: Falling into the air (16:17-21)
27-16:17, "16:17 And the seventh angel poured out his bowl into the air, and a great voice came out from the throne of the temple, saying, "It is finished!" (1) "The seventh angel poured out his bowl in the air" is a calamity from heaven, not just a natural disaster such as rain or hail; the "great hail" refers to all kinds of guided weapons, cannonballs, and bombs. (2) "Became" means that the "Baiyang religion of the Chinese Lamb" was recognised by the state and became the state religion. Baiyang Ridings. (3) The centre of the world is China, which is leading the world and leading the world trend. Anyone who refuses to follow it is a rebel who has disobeyed the Mandate of Heaven. If they do not acknowledge the advent of the Baiyang era and remain loyal to one of the religions of Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism, they will not be able to live in the Baiyang era and will be "exterminated by heaven and earth". This means that if you do not recognise Baiyang Buddha as the leader of Baiyang, if you do not convert to Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of Heaven, and if Baiyang Buddha does not recognise you as a "practitioner", you are a devil's son and a devil's grandson who practises blindly and recognises a thief as his father. When you are "full of evil", you will be killed. (4) Just as men in the Chinese Qing Dynasty (1636-1912) had to "shave half their heads and keep their braids", if you did not do so, your head would be chopped off and you would not be able to live in the Qing Dynasty, which is the "law of death".

27-16:18, "16:18 And there were flashes of lightning, and voices, and thunderbolts, and great earthquakes, such as were not so great and so mighty since there were men on the earth": (1) "Flashes of lightning, and voices, and thunderbolts, and great earthquakes" are not just natural phenomena of thunder and lightning. natural phenomena, but also in times of gunfire wars. (2) "Since there have been people on the earth", mankind has never had such advanced high technology as we have today, war weapons are so advanced that killing has become so convenient that it is possible to knock out a country from thousands or even tens of thousands of kilometres away, so it is "normal to have such big and powerful earthquakes " is quite normal.
27-16:19, "16:19 Then the great city was split into three parts, and all the cities of the nations fell down. God also remembered the great city of Babylon, and would deliver to him the cup of the wine of his own fierce anger": (1) "And the great city was rent in three parts": Jerusalem is the holy place of all three Abrahamic religions (or "three revealed religions"), Judaism, Christianity and Islam, at the same time. To the east of Jerusalem is the Muslim quarter of Islam, including the famous Temple Quarter, whose holy sites include the Dome of the Rock on Mount Moli (Islam) and the Temple on the Rock (Islam), the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Wailing Wall (Judaism). In the north-west is the Christian quarter with the Christian Church of the Holy Sepulchre. The south-west is the Armenian quarter. To the south is the Jewish quarter. Mount Zion, to the south-west of the city, is another important Jewish holy site. The Mount of Olives to the east of the city contains Christian and Jewish holy places. (2) "Jerusalem" is divided between three groups of people of different faiths, and is in fact a place ruled by "three unclean spirits", all of whom do not follow the teachings of the Patriarch, and are incompatible with his teaching "Love your neighbor as yourself and your enemy". All three denominations have not followed the teachings of the Lord and are the opposite of His teaching: "Love your enemies as yourself", which means that they are all apostate slaves of the Lord and slaves of Satan. This is the reason why "the great city was broken into three parts". (3) "The spirits of the devils did wonders and went out to all the kings of the earth", so that "all the cities of the nations fell down". (4) The "great city of Babylon" had disappeared long before Jesus, so this is a metaphor for a seemingly powerful empire.
(5) The world was ignorant and did not know that wine was a chronic poison for the devil to corrupt the world. It was handed to them by the "spirits of demons". (6) A big city that does not accept the "white sun" and is full of "killing, stealing, adultery and wine" will be easily overturned and destroyed, even if it has an impregnable appearance like the "great city of Babylon". 27-16:20.

27-16:20, "16:20 All the islands of the sea fled and the mountains disappeared": This means that the "islands of the sea and the mountains" were greatly changed and their original appearance disappeared. This is a metaphor for the terrible natural and man-made disasters.
27-16:21, "16:21 And great hailstones fell from heaven on the people, each weighing about one tarenta (note: one tarenta weighs about ninety pounds). For the plague of this hail was so great that men blasphemed against God": (1) The Greek "one tarente" was equal to fifty-six pounds in English, and the Jewish "one tarente" was equal to one hundred and fourteen pounds in English. In the British and American system, one pound is 0.45359237 kilograms. Thus, the "hail" of "one tarantella" was a variety of guided weapons, bombs and shells. (2) It is not "because of the greatness of the plague of this hail that men blaspheme God", but because "men blaspheme God", disobey God's teaching and disobey heaven's command, and therefore suffer "the plague of this hail". The hailstorm.

Edited 21 June 2017 21:33 25 18:49 27 July 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









