The True Commentary on the Christian Book of Revelation: on the "Preface to the Devotional Version of the Bible"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Note: (1) In inverted commas below are the explanatory notes of the "International Bible Society" on the "Spiritual Bible". Those outside inverted commas are my comments on them.
(2) The teachings that predate Jesus are the words and actions of the Jewish "priests" of all ages, the teachings of the "Old Testament" part of the Bible, called "Judaism". "Judaism" is "priestly indoctrination", that is, the indoctrination of the "priests" who spoke in the name of God under the guise and in the name of God.
(3) Jesus was killed by the "Judaizers" because Jesus saw through the "priests" (the Pope) as the devil's spokesman and his words and actions made the "Judaizers" (the "priests") the devil's spokesman. Jesus was killed because he saw that the "priests" (the pope) were the devil's spokesmen and that Jesus' words and actions were intolerable to the "Jewish religion" (the "priestly" order). The pretext for Jesus' death was a tragedy derived from the teachings of "Judaism". According to the doctrine of "Judaism", "killing an animal to sacrifice to God and to please God, in order to cancel out one's sins". Then the killing of Jesus would have saved the whole human race from its sins, for Jesus was the Christ, the only begotten Son of God.
The death of Jesus did not awaken Westerners to the demonic ideas in the teachings of "Judaism", and to this day they still accept the Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to bribe God for their sins". If you listen to Hymn 211, "The Fountain of Blood", you will know that Westerners believe that "killing Jesus saves the whole human race from sin, that Jesus died for the sins of mankind, that Jesus died in my place", and that they do not know that this is The "Judaism that killed Jesus" is dominating "Christianity"! Why don't Westerners know that they have succeeded in obliterating the "teachings of Jesus" with their numerous "hymns and prayers" (the indoctrination of priests and ministers)? Is this a disgrace to Western civilization?
(4) The Christian Bible is composed of two parts, the Old Testament and the New Testament. The Tanakh is the Jewish classic, the Old Testament part of the Christian Bible. The New Testament is the record of the words and deeds of Jesus Christ and his disciples and the events of early Christianity, the cleansing of mankind, the apostolic letters and the prophecies of the end of the world. The New Testament is the classic of Christianity itself, comprising the "Gospels", which record the words and deeds of Jesus, the "Acts of the Apostles", which describe the early church, the "Epistles" of the apostles and the Book of Revelation.
The vast majority of Jewish teachings in the "Old Testament" are demonic heresies that were overthrown by Jesus and were used in a sense to confirm that the "New Testament" (Christianity) was the true "divine indoctrination "The "Old Testament" was used to prove the difference between the "New Testament" (Christianity) and the "Old Testament" (Judaism), although They share a common God, Yahweh, the saviour prophesied in the Jewish Bible, the Tanakh.
(5) Jesus was crucified by Judaism for being a revolutionary who overthrew the demonic doctrines of the Old Testament, and therefore it is the words and deeds of Jesus, who overthrew the demonic doctrines of the Old Testament, that are the true "Christianity Therefore, it is the words and deeds of Jesus that overthrow the demonic doctrines of the "Old Testament" and are the true "Christianity" and the direct line of Jesus that will take him to heaven. If you do not know the cause of Jesus' death, if you do not feel that the "Old Testament" is mostly demonic and demonic in the guise of God, you will promote the demonic heresies of the "Old Testament" as "Christian doctrine". and you become a "Judaizer" who is actually using "Judaism" to overthrow "Christianity" under the guise of "Christianity". "Judaizers".
(6) Those who fear life and death, who ask for God's blessing, who ask God to forgive sins, who kneel and pray, should not believe in "Christianity", for only those who, like Jesus, realise the truth and become revolutionaries who overthrow the demonic heresies of the Old Testament and are ultimately crucified (as if they were dying), are the sons of God. It is only by becoming a revolutionary like Jesus, who overthrew the demonic heresies of the "Old Testament" and was finally crucified (as if to die), that one is the Son of God, the Christ, the "Christian" of Jesus, who will rise on the third day after his death, and who will enter the kingdom of heaven along the path Jesus took.
(7) In the whole of "Christianity", there is no "Christian" who has broken the demonic heresies of the "Old Testament" as Jesus did. This means that "Christianity was sealed by Jehovah after the death of Jesus" and that "Christianity" cannot lead people to heaven. This is the "legal luck" of Christianity. This is the "legal luck" of Christianity. Under the guise of "Christianity", the Judaizers are re-promoting the "Old Testament" and using the "singing of hymns and prayers" to obliterate "the teachings of Jesus". This is the "law and condition" of Christianity.
(8) The Buddha overthrew the Brahminical teachings in India and established the opposite "Buddhism of non-action, of seeing the nature of Buddha", which is what Master Hui Neng said: "Only the law of seeing the nature of Buddha is preached, and the evil sects are broken in the world". Jesus and the Buddha are the same. Jesus overthrew the Old Covenant (priestly indoctrination) and established the New Covenant, Christianity, by his own words and deeds. In fact, this is what Master Hui Neng said: "The only way to break the evil is to preach the law of seeing. Jesus died as a martyr and rose again on the third day, not as a physical resurrection, but as a "spiritual immortality and eternal life", which is the Taoist saying that "the mind dies and the spirit lives".

1. "God gave the Scriptures to reveal Himself to us, so that we might know how to enter into a relationship with Him and how to live in this world in His way": (1) The whole of Christianity has only one word for "God", which is found everywhere, but there is no clear The absence of a clear concept and definition of "good and evil gods" leads to "Christians" not having a sense of "good and evil gods", which allows the pervasive "evil gods" to be easily dismissed as "evil". This allows the pervasive "evil gods" to be easily dismissed as "righteous gods" and the demonic heresies of "evil gods" to become "divine indoctrination". The "God-given Bible" also reveals the "evil gods" as killing and eating flesh and blood, as being jealous and cynical, as being maverick, as suppressing the virtuous, as perverting justice, as being vile in word and deed, as being cruel and mean, and as being insidious and cunning.
(2) The "Old Testament" of the Bible was written and given by the "priests" of all ages. To be precise, it is the "priestly scriptures" given by the "priests" under the guise of God, and the words all show the "priests" as demons who are dictators, rather than The words of the "priesthood" show a demonic image of a dictator rather than a righteous God who is "merciful, just and righteous". Reading the Old Testament, we find that the "scriptures" given by the "priests" show a "God" who It is not the image of a "righteous God" who "does not kill" and who is "merciful and just".
(3) The "gods" under the domination of the "priests" were able to "kill animals to bribe the gods to offset their sins". "(3) The "priests" were able to "bribe the gods by killing animals to offset their sins". "This is a disgrace to human civilization. What the "priests" want to reveal to us is the image of the "evil god" himself as a demon whose "small grievances will be rewarded with great power", so that we can understand how to establish a relationship with him. (4) In a nutshell, the "evil gods" have to reveal to us the demonic image of the "evil gods" themselves, who "will repay the smallest grievances", so that we can understand how to establish a relationship with him as "slave master and slave" and how to live in the world in the way of the "priests".
(4) In short, the "Old Testament" of the Bible does not show the true indoctrination of "Jehovah, the righteous God", but the "priests The "Old Testament" of the Bible does not show the true "Jehovah, the righteous God", but the "priests, the evil gods" under the guise of "Jehovah, the righteous God". It was because Jesus opposed the "priestly, evil gods" indoctrination of the "priests" under the guise of "Jehovah, the righteous God" that he was The "priests" were hostile and crucified.
According to the indoctrination logic of "killing animals to bribe God to cancel out your own sins", killing Jesus, the Christ, would cancel out the sins of the whole human race, which is the real cause of Jesus' death. In fact, killing anyone does not "cancel out one's own sins", but also "adds to them the sin of killing and the sin of murder". It is a sad fact of Western civilization that such indoctrination has become "divine indoctrination" rather than "evil indoctrination".

2. "In other words, the concern is with practical godly living": (1) The Bible The Old Testament is "concerned with the fact that the priests (priests, ministers) are to be "gods" and to be treated as "gods". "and to be treated as "gods"; if they did not "god" the king, they slandered, scandalised and abused him under the guise of "gods"; if you did not believe, you would have to be a god. If you don't believe this, read 1 Samuel and you will know.
(2) The "practical godly life" is not required by the "righteous God, Jehovah", but by the priests (priests, ministers) under the guise of "God". It is the teaching of the "godly" priests (priest, pastor) that if they are not "godly" the priests (priest, pastor) will be abandoned by the "righteous God, Jehovah" and chastised. The "righteous God, Jehovah" is scandalised by the priests (priest, pastor) into a poisonous and mean-spirited image of the devil.

3. "However, very often we fail to live a stable and good spiritual life, so that we do not truly understand the mind of God": (1) Without knowing what "good and evil gods" are, we cannot "live a stable and good spiritual life, nor can we truly understand the mind of God": (2) Without knowing what "good and evil gods" are, we cannot "live a stable and good spiritual life, nor can we truly understand the mind of God. (1) If one does not know what "good and evil gods" are, one cannot "lead a stable and good spiritual life, nor can one truly understand the mind of the right God".
(2) If one does not know what "the teaching of Jesus and the teaching of the priests" are, and if one cannot reveal the true nature of the "priests" as demons, one cannot "lead a stable and good spiritual life, nor can one truly understand the mind of the righteous God. (3) Not being able to become like Jesus
(3) If you cannot become like Jesus and have words and actions that the "priests" cannot tolerate, you cannot "lead a stable and good spiritual life and truly know the mind of God".
(4) If you cannot reveal the demonic image of the "priests" (priests and ministers) who "eat meat and drink wine", you will not be able to "lead a stable and good spiritual life, nor will you be able to truly understand the mind of God". (5) To live a stable and good spiritual life under the guise of God.
(5) Under the guise of God, people cannot distinguish between the "good and evil gods" and spread the teaching of the "evil gods and demons" as the teaching of the "good God, Jehovah", using If you use "hymns and prayers" to erase the "teachings of Jesus", you are living a stable and good spiritual life created by the "priests" (priests and ministers), and you will truly understand the mind of God (the priests). The "priests" (priests) are the ones who are living a stable and good spiritual life, so that you really know the heart of God (priests).

4. "We have found that if people can continue to develop an intimate relationship with God from his Word and experience the application of life in their spiritual reading, they will be more hungry for God's Word and will not give up their spiritual life": (1) The "priests" (priests) find that people have a good understanding of God's Word. priests, pastors) find that people are able to build a constant intimacy with God from His Word because they take the "demonic image" of the "priest" in word and deed as "God Jehovah "The "priest" who killed and ate meat was not alerted to the fact that he was the embodiment of a demon who "kidnapped Jehovah" and created disinformation.
(2) Not knowing what "good and evil gods" are, not knowing what "Jesus' indoctrination and priestly indoctrination" are, and experiencing the application of life in spiritual reading, but in reality it is all "priestly indoctrination" under the guise of God (2) The application of the "teaching of Jesus and the teaching of the priests" in the spiritual reading is in reality the "teaching of the priests" in the guise of God.
(3) By promoting the "priestly indoctrination" that Jesus opposed as "Christianity", people will be more hungry for the Word of God, because the "priests" (priests, pastors) are "bullying" under the guise of God. (4) The use of "praise" as a means of "praise" and "praise" as a means of "worship".
(4) The use of "hymns and prayers" to obliterate the "teachings of Jesus" is something that only the devil does. The "singing of hymns and prayers" as a "spiritual life" and "not giving up" is a demonic image, the image of a "Christian" slave. The image of the "Christian" slave.

5. "It is in this process that the life of man is shaped, built up and lived more like Jesus Christ": (1) "Jesus Christ" hates "priests" who use the guise of God to (1) "Jesus Christ" hates it when "priests" use the guise of God to satisfy their own selfish desires and, as a result, get themselves killed. How many of you "Christians" hate the words and actions of the "priests"? Do you say that there is one of you "Christians" who "lives more like Jesus Christ"?
(2) "Jesus Christ" did not "sing hymns and prayers", but you are "singing hymns and prayers". (2) "Jesus Christ" did not "sing hymns and prayers", but you are "singing hymns and prayers", and you take "priestly edification" for "Jesus' edification" without knowing it. Do you say that you "Christians" have a person who "lives more like Jesus Christ"? Therefore, no Christian who "sings hymns and prayers" can "follow Jesus into heaven", because that is not the "edification of Jesus", but It is the "indoctrination of priests and ministers".
(3) If "God" does not save "His only Son Jesus", will God save you? God will never save you.
(4) Jesus' martyrdom is a warning to the world: do not listen to the "priests" (priests and ministers), do not rely on God; God will not save Jesus, nor will he save you; be wise and save yourself; God makes people wise for themselves, not asking God to decide everything for you.
(5) Who can die like Jesus to stand for the truth in order to be "raised on the third day"; if you did not say or do what Jesus did in life, and you did not make the "priests" (priest, pastor) intolerant, you did not "If you did not live more like Jesus Christ, you will not be raised on the third day and you will not follow Jesus into heaven.

6. "The purpose of the Spiritual Bible is to encourage readers to develop an intimate relationship with God through the Bible, so that you will know how to tap into its message and put it into practice in your life": (1) "Develop an intimate relationship with God through the Bible". This bypasses "Jesus", who spoke and acted against the "priests", so that "Christians" would not also speak and act against the "priests" as Jesus did. so that "Christians" would not be hostile to the "priests" and so that "Christians" would not have "feelings of resistance to God", and so "have an intimate relationship with God through the Scriptures". Do you see? The devil is not a fool, he is a top psychologist, a man of letters who makes people "not know right from wrong and take falsehood for truth".
(2) In order that the "Christians" may not share Jesus' hostile "priestly" speech and behaviour, the "priests" (priests, ministers) have people "sing hymns and prayers", selling "priestly edification" to "Christians" as "Jesus' edification". The "Christians who believe in Jesus" look at them and see that they are all "praising Christ" and take them for "Jesus' edification" without a second thought. This is also the case with Taoism and Buddhism. The "tricks and tricks" of the demon king to disguise the truth and corrupt the righteousness of the law are the same.
(3) "Christians who believe in Jesus" do not know what is "the teaching of Jesus and the teaching of the priests", nor do they know that the "Old Testament" is all opposed by Jesus, and that in the Under the increased deification of "God" in the "spiritual interpretation", "priestly indoctrination" is taken to mean "Jesus' indoctrination "This is how "Christians who believe in Jesus" know how to tap into the message and put it into practice in their lives, as evidenced by their "fear of God's lust and blind faith in priests". They have become minions of the "evil gods".

7. "This Bible is not just a Bible study, it has a unique mission ------ to prepare readers to put into practice the teachings of the Bible for you and me to use in our devotions and meditations": (1) "The Devotional Bible is not just a Bible study, it has a unique mission ------ to prepare readers to put into practice the teachings of the Bible for you and me to use in our devotions and meditations". It has a unique mission. Instead of criticising the "priests" from Jesus' point of view for being arbitrary and domineering under the guise of God, it magnifies the words and actions of all "priests" in order to give a sense of "God's majesty". The purpose of this is to make people feel "the majesty of God".
(2) Through the "devotional version of the Bible" we see the full resurrection of the "priests" criticised by Jesus, as well as the slander and rejection of Jesus. The "devotional Bible" has a unique mission, which is to preach "priestly indoctrination" under the guise of "Christianity" and to make "Christians" into "priests". It has a unique mission to promote "priestly indoctrination" under the "guise of Christianity" and to fool "Christians" into "priests".
(3) The "biblical teaching" is a haphazard group of demons who have no sense of "killing and eating meat and drinking wine is a sin", nor do they distinguish between what in the "Bible" is the devil's They do not have the wisdom to distinguish between what is demonic and what is Jehovah's teaching in the Bible. The so-called "biblical teaching" is nothing more than a trick and farce to fool "Christians" into "priests" under the guise of the "Bible". The so-called "Bible teaching" is nothing more than a trick and farce to fool "Christians" into "priests" under the guise of the "Bible".
(4) "To prepare the reader to practise the teaching of the Bible" is in fact to prepare the reader to practise the teaching of the Bible that "one is reduced to a sinner at the feet of the priests (priest, pastor)", not at all to become a priest like Jesus against the "priestly It is not at all a teaching against the "priestly" realm as Jesus did. In "Christianity", all "Christians" are "sinners who fall short of the glory of God". In other words, if one is a normal person without "Christianity" and a "poor sinner" with "Christianity", this is not the devil's way of "brainwashing and suppressing" normal people. Is this not the devil's way of "brainwashing and suppressing" normal people?
(5) When one "uses" the "devotional version of the Bible" in devotions and meditations, one becomes a "priest", instead of a "Jesus" who opposes the words and actions of the "priests". The "Jesus people" are not "priests" who oppose the words and actions of the "priests". Reading the Bible and not opposing the words and actions of the priests means that you do not have the wisdom to distinguish between right and wrong, that you do not stand for the truth as Jesus did, that you have been convinced by the obscenities of the priests, and that you are afraid of the "priests". You are afraid of "God's vengeance", you are afraid of obeying the "priests", and you are far from the heaven Jesus went to, because you are already in hell and being tortured.

8. "International Bible Society © 2000 All Rights Reserved; Back to Christian Evangelism; Giving Support; Download the Devotional Bible": (1) A Christian Bible is like the Buddhist "Qianlong Tripitaka" or the Taoist "Taoist Tripitaka". (1) A Christian Bible is in fact like the Buddhist "Qianlong Great Collection of Scriptures" and like the Taoist "Taoist Collection of Scriptures", both of which are "a great mishmash of righteousness and magic, true scriptures and false scriptures". The reader cannot tell which of these are "teachings of the right God" and which are "teachings of the evil God", and can only harm himself by blackmailing others.
(2) Those who cannot criticise the "Old Testament indoctrination" (Judaism) from the perspective of Jesus have not truly accepted the "indoctrination of Jesus" and cannot be considered "Christians" at all. They cannot follow Jesus to heaven, nor can they be "raised on the third day", but can only be tortured in hell.
(3) The International Bible Society is the same international organization as the World Buddhist Association. In Buddhism, as long as one believes in the Buddha, as long as one burns incense and kowtows to the statue of the Buddha, reads Buddhist scriptures, recites the Buddha's name, recites mantras and prayers, gives blessings and initiations, and does not break the harmony of monks, regardless of the sect, everyone is a "Buddhist"; " Buddhists", we all refer to each other with respect as "senior brothers". In fact, the eight schools of Buddhism are all demonic groups that have come from within to corrupt the Buddha's "non-dual teachings of clarity of mind and nature", because the entire "World Buddhist Association" does not practise the "Vajra Sutra, the Tantras and the Heart Sutra". The Vajra Sutra, the Tantras, the Heart Sutra and the Dharma Sutra.
What is true of Buddhism is also true of Christianity. As long as we "read the Bible", we are all "brothers and sisters" and we are all "Christians". As long as we "sing hymns and prayers", we are all "brothers and sisters", we are all "Christians". The "singing of hymns and prayers", which we do not even know, is not the "edification of Jesus" at all, but the "singing of hymns and prayers" is used to erase the "edification of Jesus". The "edification of Jesus".
(4) The "gospel" is not only preached by "Jehovah", but also by demons. If the devil preached the "devil's gospel" openly and honestly, no one would believe it, and the devil would not be that stupid. The devil will use the "devil's gospel" as the "gospel of Jesus" under the guise of God, and if you do not have this "vigilance", you will be a slave in the devil's cave.
(5) If you do not have the wisdom to distinguish between the "devil's gospel" and the "gospel of Jesus", you will certainly "give your support" to the devil's group.
(6) These are my experiences after studying "Christianity", and I would like to give them to those who are ready to "download the devotional version of the Bible" as a wake-up call.

Li Huaizhu 22 March 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









