The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 16 David's Humiliation
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Part of the original text: David is cursed by "Shepherd" and "Absalom" has an affair with David's concubine
16:1 When David had just passed the top of the mountain, he saw Zebah, the servant of Mephibosheth, coming to meet him with two donkeys prepared and carrying on them two hundred loaves of flour, one hundred grape cakes, one hundred summer fruit cakes, and a leather bag of wine.
16:2 The king asked Sheba, "What do you mean by bringing these?" Sheba said, "The donkeys are for the king's household to ride; the flour loaves and the summer fruitcakes are for the young men; and the wine is for the weary in the wilderness to drink."
16:3 The king asked, "Where are the sons of your master?" Sheba answered the king, "He is still in Jerusalem, for he said, 'The Israelites will return my father's kingdom to me today.'"
16:4 The king said to Sheba, "Everything that belongs to Mephibosheth has been returned to you." Sheba said, "I bow down to my Lord and my king, and may I be gracious in your sight."
16:5 When King David came to Baadolim, he saw a man coming out, the son of Keilah of the tribe of Saul, whose name was Shechem. As he went along, he cursed and
16:6 and took stones to cut down King David and the king's servants; and all the people and the warriors were on the king's right and left.
16:7 Shechem cursed, saying, "Go, go, you bad man who sheds human blood!
16:8 You shed the blood of Saul's family and succeeded him as king, and the LORD laid this sin on you and gave the kingdom to your son Absalom. Now you have brought this on yourself, for you are a shedder of human blood."
16:9 Abishai son of Zeruiah said to the king, "Shall this dead dog curse my lord and my king? Let me go over and cut off his head, please."
16:10 The king said, "What have I to do with you, son of Zeruiah? He cursed because the LORD commanded him, saying, 'You shall curse David.' In this way, who dares to say why you are doing this?"
16:11 Then David said to Abishai and to all his servants, "My own son seeks my life, how much more this Benjaminite? Let him curse! For this is what the LORD has commanded him.
16:12 Or perhaps the LORD has seen my distress, and has been gracious to me for this day that I have been cursed by this man."
16:13 So David and those who were following him went on ahead. Shechem walked on the hill opposite David, cursing as he walked, and cutting him with stones and lifting him up with dirt.
16:14 And the king and all the people who were following him came to a place when they were weary and tired, and rested there.
16:15 And Absalom and all Israel came to Jerusalem, and Ahithophel came with him.
16:16 David's friend, Toshea the Achaean, went to meet Absalom and said to him, "Long live the king! Long live the king!"
16:17 And Absalom asked Hoshea, "Is this the kindness you show your friends? Why did you not go with your friend?"
16:18 Then Hoshea said to Absalom, "Otherwise, I will return to the LORD and to this people, whom he has chosen, and to all Israel, and will dwell with him.
16:19 Moreover, whom shall I serve? Is it not the son of the former king? As I served your father, so will I serve you."
16:20 Then Absalom said to Ahithophel, "Have you any idea how we can do this?"
16:21 Ahithophel said to Absalom, "Be close to the concubines whom your father has left to guard the palace. All Israel has heard that your father hates you, and the hand of anyone who submits to you is stronger."
16:22 So they set up a tent for Absalom on the flat roof of the palace. And Absalom was close to his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel.
16:23 At that time Ahithophel's ideas were like the words of a man asking God, the same ideas he had given to David in the past and to Absalom today.

Expository section.
10-121. (1) "16:1 And David had just passed over the top of the hill, when he saw Zerubbabel, the servant of Mephibosheth, coming to meet him with two donkeys prepared, carrying on them two hundred loaves of bread of flour, one hundred loaves of grapes, one hundred summer fruit loaves, and a leather bag of wine", and asked, "Is this so? (2) "16:2 And the king asked Sheba, saying, What do you mean by bringing these?" Sheba said, "The donkeys are for the king's household to ride; the flour loaves and the summer fruit loaves are for the young men; the wine is for the weary in the wilderness. 16:3 The king asked, "Where is your master's son?" Sheba answered the king, "He is still in Jerusalem, for he said, "The Israelites will return my father's kingdom to me today"; Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-122, (1) "16:4 And the king said to Sheba, All that belongs to Mephibosheth is yours. And Sheba said, I bow down to my Lord and my King, and may I be gracious in your sight", Q: Is that so? (2) "16:5 When King David came to Baudolim, he saw a man come out, the son of Keilah of the tribe of Saul, whose name was Shechem. He cursed as he went along, 16:6 and took stones to cut down King David and the king's servants; and all the people and the warriors were on the king's right and left", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-123, (1) "16:7 And Shechem cursed and said, Go, go, you bad man, who sheds the blood of men! 16:8 You shed the blood of all Saul's house, and succeeded him as king; and the LORD laid this sin on you, and gave this kingdom to your son Absalom. 16:9 Abishai the son of Zeruiah said to the king, "Shall this dead dog curse my lord and my king? Allow me to go over and cut off his head", Q: Is that so? (2) "16:10 And the king said, What have I to do with you, son of Zeruiah? He cursed because the LORD commanded him, saying, 'You shall curse David.' 16:11 And David said to Abishai and to all his servants, "My own son seeks my life, how much more this Benjaminite? Let him curse! 16:12 Or perhaps the LORD has seen me in trouble, and has been gracious to me for this day that I have been cursed by this man," and asked, "Is this so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-124, (1) "16:13 Then David and those who were following him went on ahead. And Shechem walked on the slope of the hill opposite David, cursing as he walked, and cutting him with stones and raising him with earth", Q: Is that so? (2) "16:15 And Absalom and all Israel came to Jerusalem, and Ahithophel came with him. 16:16 And Hoshea the Achaean, David's friend, went to Absalom, and said to him, Long live the king! 16:17 And Absalom asked Hoshea, saying, "Is this your kindness to your friend? Why did you not go with your friend?" And he asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-125, (1) "16:18 And Hoshea said to Absalom, "Otherwise, I will submit to the LORD, and to this people, and to all Israel, whom he has chosen, and will dwell with him. 16:19 Moreover, whom shall I serve? Is it not the son of the former king? As I served your father, so I will serve you. 16:20 Then Absalom said to Ahithophel, "Have you any idea what we should do?" and asked, "Is that so? (2) "16:21 And Ahithophel said to Absalom, "Be close to the concubines whom your father has left to guard the palace. And all Israel heard that your father hated you, and the hand of every man who submits to you is stronger", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-126, (1) "16:22 Then they set up a tent for Absalom on the flat roof of the palace. And Absalom was close to his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel", Q: Is that so? (2) "16:23 At that time Ahithophel's ideas were like the words of a man asking God, the same ideas he had given to David in the past and to Absalom today", Q. Is that so? What God is in "Ahithophel"? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) It is the evil god Satan, all bad ideas.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 30 March 2017 Edited on 6 November Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





