The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 36 "Esau" is far from "Israel"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 36 "Esau" is far from "Israel"
(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image of the heavens above, nor of the earth beneath, nor of anything under the earth that is in the water. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a god who abhors evil. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. These are acts that the LORD has expressly forbidden, acts that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be done".
Genesis 36: The descendants of Esau (36:1-19)
36:1 Esau is Edom, and his descendants are recorded as follows.
36:2 And Esau took as his wife a woman of Canaan, Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah, the granddaughter of Zerubbabel the Hivite
36:3 And he married Bashkah, the daughter of Ishmael, the sister of Nebaioth.
36:4 And Adah gave Esau Eliphaz; and Paschal begat Reuel.
36:5 And Aholibamah begat Jeusheba, and Jalam, and Korah. These were all Esau's sons, born in the land of Canaan.
6. "36:6 And Esau took his wife and his children and all his household, and his cattle and his flocks and his herds and all his goods, which he had acquired in the land of Canaan, and went away from Jacob his brother." (1) This shows that Esau had heard of the many scandals that followed the return of his brother Jacob, so Esau decided to turn away from Jacob (Israel), the notorious devil. (2) "34:27 And the sons of Jacob, because their sister was defiled, came to the slain, and took the city captive, 34:28 and took their flocks, and their herds, and their asses, and all that was in the fields of the city. 34:29 And they took all their goods, and their children, and their women, and all that was in their houses, and took them captive." With all that had happened, Esau could not have been unaware of what kind of man his brother Jacob was today, and after the shock, Esau must have thought. This is one of the reasons why Esau "went away and left his brother Jacob". (3) Knowing that Jacob had "taken the city captive", Esau would have been on guard against Jacob and would have sent someone to ask for information about Jacob, which was Esau's instinctive reaction as a "veteran hunter". This was Esau's instinctive reaction as a "veteran hunter". When Esau learned that "35:22 While Israel was living in the land, Lupin went and slept with his father's concubine Pella, and Israel heard him", Esau's idea of "going elsewhere, away from his brother Jacob" was reinforced.
7. "36:7 For the two had so much property and so many animals that they could not live together in the place where they were staying." (1) "Their possessions and herds were too large" is only one of the reasons why they "could not live together". (2) Jacob's resentment against his brother and his father was so great that Esau tried to kill him, causing Jacob to flee for 20 years, and this was the second reason why they could not live together. (3) "34:27 Jacob's sons came to the slain man and took the city captive because their sister had been defiled", which is the third reason why they could not live together. (4) "35:22 And while Israel was living in the land, Lupin went and slept with his father's concubine Pella, and Israel heard it", the fourth reason for "not being able to live together".
36:8 So Esau dwelt in Mount Seir; Esau was Edom.
36:9 Esau was the first of the Edomites in Mount Seir, and his descendants are recorded below.
36:10 And the names of the sons of Esau were as follows: Eliphaz, Esau's wife Adah, begat Eliphaz; and Reuel, Esau's wife Paschal, begat Reuel.
36:11 And the sons of Eliphaz were Timan, and Achor, and Zebul, and Gatham, and Kinas.
36:12 Timnah was the concubine of Esau's son Eliphaz, and she bore Amalek to Eliphaz. These were the descendants of Esau's wife, Adah.
36:13 The sons of Reuel were Nahor, Shelah, Shammah, and Mishael. These were the sons of Baashzebub, Esau's wife.
36:14 And Aholibamah, Esau's wife, was the granddaughter of Zerubbabel, the daughter of Annas, and she bore to Esau Jehoshaphat, Aram, and Korah.
36:15 Of the children of Esau, the following are recorded: of the children of Eliphaz, Esau's eldest son, the chief of the tribe of Timan, the chief of the tribe of Achor, the chief of the tribe of Zerubbabel, the chief of the tribe of Kinas, the chief of the tribe of Kolah, and the chief of the tribe of the tribe of the Sephardim.
36:16 the chief of Korah, the chief of Gatham, and the chief of Amalek. These were the patriarchs who came out of Eliphaz in the land of Edom, and they were all the sons of Adah.
36:17 And among the children of Reuel the son of Esau were the patriarchs of Nahor, the patriarchs of Shelah, the patriarchs of Shammah, and the patriarchs of Mishael. These were the patriarchs who came out of Reuel in the land of Edom, and they were all the descendants of Esau's wife, Paschal.
36:18 And among the children of Aholibamah, Esau's wife, were the patriarchs of Jeusheba, the patriarchs of Aram, and the patriarchs of Korah. These were the patriarchs from among the children of Aholippamah, the daughter of Annas, Esau's wife.
36:19 All the above patriarchs were descendants of Esau; Esau was Edom.
Genesis 36 The descendants of Seir (36:20-30)
36:20 The descendants of Seir the Horeite, the original inhabitants of the land, are recorded below: namely, Roam, Sobah, Zerubbabel, Annas
36:21 Tishon, Ichabod, and Dishon. These were the patriarchs who came out of the sons of Seir the Horeite in the land of Edom.
36:22 And the sons of Roam were Horeb and Hyman; and the sisters of Roam were Timnah.
36:23 And the sons of Sobah were Alvin, Manahel, Ephratah, Shebaoth, and Anan.
36:24 And the sons of Zerubbabel were Aiah and Annas. And it was this Anak who was in the wilderness at the time when the donkeys of his father, the priest, were let loose on the hot springs.
36:25 And the sons of Anah were Dishon; and the daughters of Anah were Aholibamah.
36:26 And the sons of Tishon were Hindam, and Iban, and Ilan, and Kiran.
36:27 And the sons of Ichabod were Peshon, Zaphan, and Achan.
36:28 And the sons of Tishon were Uth, and Aram.
36:29 The patriarchs who came out of the Horebites are recorded below: the patriarchs of Lotham, the patriarchs of Sobah, the patriarchs of Sebem, the patriarchs of Annas
36:30 the patriarchs of Tishon, the patriarchs of Ichabod, and the patriarchs of Dishon. These were the patriarchs from the Horebites, all of whom were patriarchs according to their clans in the land of Seir.
Genesis 36 The kings of Edom (36:31-43)
36:31 And the kings of the land of Edom, before the Israelites were ruled by kings, are recorded as follows.
36:32 Bilhah son of Beor reigned in Edom, and the name of his capital was Jehoshaphat.
36:33 And when Bilhah died, Joppah the son of Shelah the Persian succeeded him as king.
36:34 And when Joppa died, Tarsan, a man of the land of Timan, succeeded him as king.
36:35 And when Toshan died, Hadad the son of Bildad succeeded him as king. This Hadad was the one who had defeated the Midianites in the land of Moab, and the name of his capital was Arvind.
36:36 And when Hadad died, Sanad, the Mashregahite, succeeded him as king.
36:37 And when Sanra died, Saul the Rehoboamite, who was by the great river, succeeded him as king.
36:38 And Saul died. And Baalhanan son of Agebo succeeded him as king.
36:39 When Baalhanan son of Agebo died, Hadad succeeded him as king. His capital was called Baal, and his wife's name was Mishnah, the granddaughter of Mizahar, the daughter of Matrei.
36:40 从以扫所出的族长，按著他们的宗族、住处、名字记在下面：就是亭纳族长、亚勒瓦族长、耶帖族长、
36:41 阿何利巴玛族长、以拉族长、比嫩族长、
36:42 the patriarch of Kinas, the patriarch of Timan, the patriarch of Mibisah
36:43 the patriarch of Makkedah, and the patriarch of Elam. These are the chiefs of the Edomites in the land of their inheritance, according to their dwelling places, all of whom are descendants of Esau, the patriarch of the Edomites.
(1) In Genesis the Lord formed "prophets of the Lord" such as "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob", the first "priests of Judaism". "The Scriptures make it clear that they were in fact lying and deceitful demons, the "antitype". The LORD had these demons demonstrate various "works" (magic, ritualistic words and deeds) in order that we might point out their errors and learn from them, not to learn from them. It is in this way that Yahweh teaches us to "think backwards", so do not be afraid to criticise them just because they are "prophets of Yahweh". (2) If you dare to directly refute the "prophets of the LORD" in the Old Testament, you are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron You are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright bronze, and who has received a rod of iron. If you become the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and do not fall away during your lifetime, you will be like Jesus and live forever in heaven. (3) If you do not have a sense of "reverse thinking", you will understand the "Old Testament" scriptures and put them into practice with the normal "straightforward" thinking. "(4) It is not just Genesis, but also the Old Testament.
(4) Not only Genesis, but the entire Old Testament is a "reverse thinking" teaching of Yahweh, and the Jewish priests who practised the Old Testament were "This is why Jesus called the Jewish community "woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the blind, who are hypocrites". Jesus' exposure of Judaism as a demonic group caused panic in Judaism, and that is why they "crucified" Jesus. Lee Wai Chu on 4 September 2017 08:40 pm]
Li Huaizhu Published on Sep 9, 2017 19:25 PM 9 Sep 21:16 Edited from Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article