The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 19 David's Return to Jerusalem
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
19:1 Someone told Joab, "The king wept and mourned over Absalom."
19:2 The people heard that the king was sorrowful for his son, but their joy in victory turned to mourning.
19:3 On that day the people went into the city in secret, like a people who are ashamed of their defeat and flee.
19:4 And the king covered his face and cried with a loud voice, saying, "O my son Absalom! O Absalom my son, my son!"
19:5 Joab went in to the king and said, "You have put all your servants to shame today. They have saved your life today and the lives of your sons and daughters and wives.
19:6 But you love those who hate you and hate those who love you. You are clearly not thinking today of your generals and your servants. I have seen today that if Absalom lives, and we all die, it pleases you.
19:7 Now go out and comfort the heart of your servant. I swear by the LORD: If you do not go out, no one will be with you this night; and the evil will be greater than what has happened to you from your youth until now!"
19:8 Then the king arose and sat at the gate of the city. When all the people heard that the king was sitting at the gate of the city, they all came to the king.
19:9 The Israelites had fled and gone back to their houses. All the tribes of Israel murmured and said, "The king has saved us from the hand of our enemies and from the hand of the Philistines. Now he has fled from Absalom.
19:10 We anointed Absalom to rule over us, and he was killed in battle. Why do you not now ask the king to return without a word?"
19:11 King David sent to the priests Zadok and Abiathar, saying, "Say to the elders of Judah, 'The people of Israel have had words to ask the king to return to the palace. Why are you lagging behind them?
19:12 You are my brothers, my flesh and blood; why are you behind the men to ask the king to return?'
19:13 Say also to Amasa, 'Are you not my flesh and blood? If I do not make you marshal for Joab, may God punish me severely.'"
19:14 Thus the hearts of all Judah were redeemed, as the heart of one man. So they sent to the king, saying, "Ask the king and all the king's servants to return."
19:15 So the king returned, and came to the Jordan. The men of Judah came to Gilgal to meet the king and invite him to cross the Jordan.
19:16 Shechem, the son of Kira the Benjamite of Baudhurim, hurried down with the men of Judah to meet King David.
19:17 And there followed Shechem a thousand Benjamites, and Sheba the servant of the house of Saul, and fifteen of his sons, and twenty of his servants, and they all went over the Jordan to meet the king.
19:18 And a ferry went over to ferry the king's household to be used by the king. When the king was about to cross the Jordan, Shepherd, the son of Keilah, fell down before the king and said to him
19:19 He said to the king, "My lord and my king's servants did disobedient things when they went out of Jerusalem. Now let my lord not condemn the servant for this, nor remember it, nor take it to heart.
19:20 The servant knows that he has sinned; therefore, of all the house of Joseph, today I am the first to come down to meet my lord and my king."
19:21 Abishai son of Zeruiah said, "Should not Shechem be put to death, since he has cursed the LORD's anointed?"
19:22 David said, "What have I to do with you, son of Zeruiah, that you should oppose me today? Shall I not heal a man today in Israel? Do I not know that today I am king over Israel?"
19:23 Then the king said to Shechem, "You shall not die." And the king swore to him.
19:24 Mephibosheth, Saul's grandson, also went down to meet the king. He had not trimmed his feet, nor shaved his beard, nor washed his clothes since the day the king went away, until he returned in peace.
19:25 And when he came to Jerusalem to meet the king, the king asked him, "Mephibosheth, why have you not gone with me?"
19:26 He answered, "My lord and my king, the servant is lame. On that day I wanted to prepare a donkey to ride with the king, but my servant deceived me.
19:27 and slandered me before my lord and my king. But my lord and my king are like the messengers of God; do what you think is good!
19:28 For all my father's house was counted dead before my lord and my king; but the king made his servant eat with the people at the king's table. Can I now reason with the king about my grievances?"
19:29 And the king said to him, "Why do you mention your case again? I say that you share the land equally with Sheba."
19:30 Mephibosheth said to the king, "As my lord and my king have returned to the palace in peace, let Sheba take it all."
19:31 Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rechilim to see the king across the Jordan, and he crossed the Jordan with him.
19:32 Basilai was old, eighty years old. He brought food to the king while he was staying at Mahanaim, and he was a very rich man.
19:33 The king said to Basilei, "Come with me, and I will feed your old age there in Jerusalem."
19:34 And Barzillai said to the king, "How many more years can I have on earth, that I may go with the king to Jerusalem?
19:35 Is the servant now eighty years old, and can he still taste food and drink, and discern beauty and evil? Can he still hear the voice of men and women singing? Why should the servant be a burden to my lord and my king?
19:36 Why should the king grant me such grace, if the servant only sends the king across the Jordan?
19:37 Grant that I may return, that I may die in my own city, and be buried beside the sepulchre of my parents. Here is the king's servant Kingham; let him go over with my lord and my king, and do with him as he pleases."
19:38 The king said, "Kingham may go with me, and I will do to him as your heart desires. Whatever you ask of me, I will do it for you."
19:39 So the people crossed the Jordan, and the king went over. The king kissed Barzillai on the mouth and blessed him. And Barzillai went back to his land.
19:40 The king went over, and when he came to Gilgal, Kingham also went over with him. All the people of Judah and half the people of Israel also sent the king over.
19:41 And all Israel came to the king and said to him, "Why did our brothers Judah send the king and the king's household and those who followed him across the Jordan in secret?"
19:42 The men of Judah answered the Israelites, "Because the king is kinsman to us. Why are you angry because of this? What have we eaten of the king? What has the king rewarded us with?"
19:43 The Israelites answered the men of Judah, "By the tribe we have a tenth part with the king, and in David we have a greater part than you. Why do you despise us and invite the king back without first consulting us?" But the words of the men of Judah were harder than the words of the Israelites.

Expository section.
10-140, "19:2 When the people heard that the king was grieved for his son, their joy of victory was turned into sorrow. 19:3 On that day the people went into the city in secret, like a people ashamed of their defeat and flight. 19:4 The king covered his face and cried out with a loud voice, saying, O my son Absalom! O Absalom my son, my son!" And he asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"19:5 Joab went in to the king and said, "You have put all your servants to shame today. They have saved your life today, and the lives of your sons and your daughters and your wives. 19:6 But you love those who hate you, and hate those who love you. You are clearly not thinking today of your generals and your servants. 19:7 Now go out and comfort the heart of your servant, if Absalom lives and we all die. I swear by the LORD: If you do not go out, no one will be with you this night; and the evil will be greater than what has happened to you from your youth until now!" Ask, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-141, (1) "19:8 Then the king arose and sat at the gate of the city. And when all the people heard that the king was sitting at the gate of the city, they all came to the king", Q: Is that so? (2) "19:9 And all the tribes of Israel murmured, saying, The king has delivered us from the hand of our enemies, and from the hand of the Philistines. 19:10 We anointed Absalom to rule over us, and he was killed in battle. Why do you not now ask the king to return without a word?" Ask, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-142, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "19:8-11 Following the moral principles laid down in the Scriptures will help you not to be influenced by the preferences and opinions of the crowd": (1) "Priests and ministers (1) "Priests and ministers" are demons who are constantly feeding "Christians" with "ecstasy"! The words and actions of Christ in the "New Testament" are the "Christian Bible". (2) Here is the "Old Testament", the "Jewish Bible", which is mostly "written by the devil in the guise of God" and is mostly demonic heresy overthrown by Jesus. (3) The "priests and ministers" deliberately do not distinguish between "the Old Testament and the New Testament, Judaism and Christianity" in order to promote Judaism under the guise of Christianity.
10-143, "19:11 King David sent to the priests Zadok and Abiathar, saying, "Say to the elders of Judah, 'The people of Israel have spoken and asked the king to return to the palace. 19:12 You are my brethren, my flesh and blood, why do you invite the king back after the men?19:13 Say also to Amasa, "Are you not my flesh and blood? If I do not make you marshal for Joab always, may God punish me severely". Answer: Yes.
"19:16 And Shechem the son of Kira the Benjamite of Baudhurim went down in haste with the men of Judah to meet King David.19:17 And there followed Shechem a thousand Benjamites, and Sheba the servant of the house of Saul, and fifteen of his sons, and twenty of his servants, and they all went over the Jordan to meet the king.19:18 And a ferry went over to ferry the king's household to the king's use. When the king was about to cross the Jordan, Shepherd the son of Keilah fell down before the king, 19:19 and said to him, "My lord and my king's servants did disobedient things when they went out of Jerusalem. 19:20 The servant knows that he has sinned, so I am the first of all Joseph's family to come down today to meet my lord and my king". Answer: Yes.

10-144, "19:21 And Abishai the son of Zeruiah said, Shall not Shechem be put to death, since he has cursed the Lord's anointed? 19:22 And David said, What have I to do with you, son of Zeruiah, that you should oppose me this day? Shall not a man be put to death today in Israel? 19:23 Then the king said to Shechem, "You shall not die. And the king swore to him", and asked, Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"19:24 Mephibosheth also, Saul's grandson, went down to meet the king. He had not trimmed his feet, nor shaved his beard, nor washed his clothes since the days of the king's departure, until he returned in peace", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"19:31 And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Lochielim to see the king across the Jordan, and he crossed it with him. 19:32 And Barzillai was old, eighty years old. When the king was staying at Mahanaim, he brought food to the king, and he was a very rich man", asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes.
10-145, "19:41 And all Israel came to the king, and said to him, Why did our brethren Judah send the king and the king's household secretly, and those who followed him across the Jordan?" Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
"19:42 And all Judah answered the Israelites, saying, "Because the king is kinsman to us. Why are you angry because of this? What have we eaten of the king? What has the king rewarded us with?19:43 The Israelites answered the men of Judah, saying, "We are ten times more kin to the king by the tribes, and in David we are more kin than you. Why do you despise us, and invite the king to return, without first consulting us? But the words of the men of Judah are harder than the words of the men of Israel", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

10-146, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"] "19:21-39 When David returned to Jerusalem, he was generous and merciful; he did not kill Shechem, and when he saw Mephibosheth again he returned half of his inheritance and rewarded Barzillai for his faithfulness. His example set a standard of fairness in ruling, but this will only be fully realized when the Lord Christ comes and rules the nation in righteousness": (1) Do you see? The "priests and ministers" see the merciful king, but they want to use Christ to discredit the king's justice, and to highlight their group as "saviours above the king". (2) The demons, "priests and ministers", who claim to be "Christ the Lord", do not say or do anything to overthrow the "Old Testament", but treat the "Old Testament" as "Christ". They are all "wolves in sheep's clothing".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 30 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





