The Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 5 Lies that will harm the ages
(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original Part: The Devil's Lies
5:1 The Philistines carried the ark of the covenant of God from Shechem to Ashtoreth.
5:2 The Philistines carried the ark of the covenant of God into the temple of Dagon and put it beside Dagon.
5:3 The next morning the men of Ashdod arose, and saw Dagon fall down before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and lie down with his face on the ground; and they left Dagon where it was.
5:4 And they rose up early the next morning, and saw Dagon fall down before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, with his face on the ground; and the head of Dagon and both his hands were broken off on the threshold, and only the stump of Dagon remained.
5:5 Therefore the priests of Dagon and all who entered the temple of Dagon in Ashdod did not set foot on the threshold of the temple of Dagon until this day.
5:6 And the hand of the LORD was heavy upon the men of Ashdod, and corrupted them, and caused them to have hemorrhoids. So it is with all the four realms of Ashdod and Ashdod.
5:7 When the Ashtonites saw this light, they said, "The ark of the covenant of the God of Israel must not be left with us, for his hand is heavy on us and on Dagon our God."
5:8 So they sent for all the Philistine leaders and asked them, "What shall we do with the ark of the covenant of the God of Israel?" They answered, "We can carry the ark of the covenant of the God of Israel to Gath." So the ark of the covenant of the God of Israel was brought there.
5:9 When it had arrived, the hand of the LORD struck the city, so that the people of the city were greatly alarmed and had hemorrhoids, both small and large.
5:10 So they brought the ark of the covenant of God to Ekron. When the ark of the covenant of God arrived, the men of Eglon cried out and said, "They have brought the ark of the covenant of the God of Israel to us to harm us and all our people."
5:11 So they sent for the chiefs of the Philistines, saying, "May you return the ark of the covenant of the God of Israel to its place, lest it harm us and all our people." It turned out that the hand of God had struck the city so hard that some of the people in the city died of panic
5:12 Those who had not died had hemorrhoids. The whole city cried out, and the voice went up to heaven.

The expository part: this is the test of becoming Christ
5:2, "The Philistines carried the ark of the covenant of God into the temple of Dagon and placed it beside Dagon." (1) Dagon, the chief god of the Philistines, was portrayed as a mermaid and was said to be the son of the god Ile and father of the god Baal. Dagon, the fallen angel who appears in the narrative poem Paradise Lost by Milton. According to Milton, he was the predecessor of the pagan gods worshipped by the Philistines. This Philistine god, Dagon, was originally the ancient Semitic god of agriculture. After being worshipped by the Philistines, the divinity of the sea god was gradually strengthened, and Milton describes the pagan god as half man, half fish. (2) Dagon, the Mesopotamian god of abundance, is more or less related to the word "corn". This is probably the father of Baal, a half-man, half-fish god. Not only was he the god of rice but he was also the inventor of the yak, transmitting to mankind the knowledge of the use of the land for food production. There were many temples of Dagon in Philistine 2,000 years ago, worshipped before Baal, and it is thought to have been the same period as the super-ancient supreme deity of the Semitic people, Ilejo, which ceased to be worshipped until the time of the Hasmoneans who ruled Palestine at the time of Jesus, and may also have been marked by Christianity as being related to the god of evil. It is first described as a demon in Paradise Lost. Milton's pen then becomes a great demon half man, half fish living in the sea. (3) "Dagon" was the ancient Semitic god of farming, which the Jews did not believe in because they were nomadic and did not basically farm. (4) "The Philistines carried the ark of the covenant into the temple of Dagon", indicating the victory of the advanced agrarian society over the Jews, a primitive and backward nomadic people.
(5) The phrase "placed it next to Dagon" is not at all "an attempt to have the ark of the covenant of God worshipped with Dagon", but rather an indication of the victory of "Dagon" over "Jehovah". (6) Putting the "ark of the covenant next to Dagon" was not "an attempt to have the ark of the covenant of God worshipped with Dagon. (6) To say that the "ark of the covenant was placed next to Dagon" as "the ark of the covenant of God was to be worshipped with Dagon" is the nonsense of a shameless beast. The Israelites, who believed in the Lord, were defeated by the Philistines, so how could the Philistines "want the ark of the covenant of God to be worshipped with Dagon"? How could the Philistines "want the ark of the covenant of God to be worshipped with Dagon"? It was impossible.

9-15, "5:4 And they saw Dagon fall down before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and his face was on the ground, and the head of Dagon and both his hands were broken on the threshold, and only the remains of Dagon remained": (1) The idol of Dagon was lying before the ark of the covenant, could it be that "the LORD" had really appeared? (1) Was the idol of Dagon lying before the ark of the covenant a true manifestation of the Lord? No. The Bible is full of such lies, the purpose of which is to deify "Jehovah" and put people in awe so that the "priests" will have authority. (2) If the "ark of the covenant of the LORD" had really been revealed, the Israelites would not have been defeated and the Philistines would not have carried the ark of the covenant into the temple of Dagon. (3) These are the "questions" that test us. Do you understand?
9-16. "The priests of Dagon and all who entered the temple of Dagon at Ashdod did not set foot on the threshold of the temple of Dagon until this day": (1) No. The writer's purpose was out of a desire to put the fear of God into people, and thus to have everyone keep the rules. (2) This is a farce of the Jews (Jewish and Christian) staging a slander against other gods as "unholy".

9-17, "5:6 The hand of the LORD was heavy on the people of Ashton, corrupting them and causing them to have hemorrhoids. So it was with Ashdod and with the four realms of Ashdod": (1) No. Only a demon-possessed "priest" would dare to tell such a lie, all for the purpose of deifying "Yahweh" and putting people in awe so that the "priest" would have authority. (2) If the hand of the LORD had really been heavy on the Ashtonites, there would not have been a situation where the Philistines carried the Ark of the Covenant into the temple of Dagon. Do you understand? These are the "questions" that test our wisdom. If you are not overwhelmed by the "test" and do not believe the truth, then you are "Christ with eyes like a flame". If you believe it, you are a slave to the devil's misguidance. (3) Whenever foreigners have invaded our country throughout history, the invaders have been fought off by the power of the people. What God has done for mankind is to send gods and immortals down to earth to improve humanistic culture to drive knowledge and technological progress, in the expectation that people will have the wisdom to become wise and virtuous on top of the earth.
9-18, "5:9 And after it had been transported to (Gath), the hand of the LORD struck the city, so that the people of the city were greatly alarmed, and all of them, small and great, had hemorrhoids", Q: Is this true? Answer: No. God does not interfere easily in the strife of men, unless there are ten evils and great defeats that plague all men and will be condemned by heaven.
9-19, "And the hand of God struck the city with a heavy blow, and some of the people in the city (of Eglon) died of panic; and those who had not died were stricken with hemorrhoids. And the whole city cried out, and the voice went up to heaven": (1) No. The Bible is full of such demonic heresies, all designed to deify "Jehovah" and put people in awe so that the "priests" would have authority. (2) These are all "tests" of our wisdom. If you are not overwhelmed by them and do not believe in them, you are "Christ with eyes like a flame". If you believe it, you are a slave misled by the devil.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 March 2017 Edited 2 November 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





