The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 26 Isaac's deception and rebuke
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 26 Isaac dwells in Kirar (25:1-5)
1. "26:1 And there was a famine in the land in the days of Abraham; and there was a famine in those days. Then Isaac went to Kirar, to Abimelech king of the Philistines": (1) "Abimelech king of the Philistines", a place where Abraham had been a host, and where Abraham had staged the "lies and deceptions "(2) Isaac went to the well of Abimelech, the king of the Philistines, where Abraham had lived, and where he had staged a farce of "lies and deceit", and where the expulsion of Hagar's mother and son had caused public outrage. (2) When Isaac went there, would he have avoided his father's farce? Read on.

26:2 The LORD appeared to Isaac and said, "Do not go down to Egypt, but dwell in the land that I have shown you.
26:3 I will be with you and bless you as you dwell in this land, for I will give all these lands to you and to your descendants. I will strengthen the oath that I swore to your father Abraham.
26:4 I will multiply your descendants as many as the stars of heaven; and I will give all these lands to your descendants, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed through your descendants.
5. "26:5 For Abraham obeyed my words and kept my commands and my statutes and my laws": (1) Why did Isaac not ask the LORD, since "Abraham obeyed my words and kept my commands and my statutes and my laws "Why was there a famine at this time? So that he had to go to Gelael to escape the famine. I don't think Abraham taught him to be "diligent in learning". (2) "Abraham obeyed my words and kept my commands and my ordinances and my statutes and my laws", this phrase is a "refrain", saying "Abraham did not obey my words and did not keep my commands and my Isaac, do not learn from your father, but correct your father's faults. If you do not know your father's shortcomings and cannot correct them, you have not obeyed my words and have not kept my commands and my ordinances and my statutes and my laws. (3) Isaac, do you know that Abraham often deceived people with lies? Do you know that if you lie and deceive people, you are not obeying the LORD, nor are you able to keep His commands and His ordinances, statutes and laws? If you don't know, you are "Satan's man for a while" and you will be punished by the righteous.
(4) The LORD first said, "I will be with you and bless you as you dwell in this land, for I will give it all to you and to your descendants. I will strengthen the oath I swore to your father Abraham", and Isaac was convinced and did not ask why there was a "famine at this time", for he had only one "master", Abraham. (5) And the LORD said, "I will multiply your descendants as many as the stars of heaven; and I will give all these lands to your descendants, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed through your descendants", and Isaac was so full of expectation that he was knocked out by these "blank cheques" from the LORD. Isaac would have been so full of expectation that he would have been smashed by these "empty promises" from the Lord. He would not ask why there was a "famine at this time", because he only had one "master", Abraham. (6) They do not believe in the religion of others, they do not study the teachings of others, they only believe in their own, that they are right and that the rest are wrong. "As a result, they become "frogs in a well" and minions of the devil, who think they have become "prophets of the Lord".

Genesis 26: The Expulsion of Isaac (25:6-25)
26:6 And Isaac dwelt in Kirar.
7. "26:7 When the men of that place asked about his wife, he said, "That is my sister. So he was afraid to say, It is my wife. And he thought in his heart: I am afraid that the men of this place will kill me for Rebekah's sake, because she is handsome": (1) The farce that his father Abraham had played out here so many years ago was actually played out again in Isaac, showing that Isaac had inherited Abraham's bad nature of lying and cheating, which is in the family genes. (2) Such a state of mind is called a "demon", that is, a demon in his heart that dominates his thinking, making him suspicious, thinking badly of himself, making unnecessary misjudgments and thus playing out an ugly farce.

26:8 He stayed there for a long time. One day Abimelech, king of the Philistines, looked out of the window and saw Isaac playing with his wife Rebekah.
9. "26:9 And Abimelech summoned Isaac, and said to him, She is indeed your wife; how say you that she is your sister? Isaac said, "I thought in my heart, lest I should die because of her": (1) "I thought in my heart, lest I should die because of her" shows that you have a demon in your heart, that you are dark in your heart, that you lack the aura of righteousness and cannot be open and honest. (2) Isaac, showing that you are partial and narrow-minded, showing that you are suspicious of others, hostile to others, and insecure because you have no confidence in yourself. (3) Isaac, lying is an act of speech only for the devil. Didn't your father ever tell you that? (4) Isaac, do you think the LORD would "stand firm on his oath" with a man like you who lies and deceives the public? No! You are a lying devil, Isaac. (5) Isaac, do you say that the LORD is with those who lie and deceive the people? No! Isaac, you are a lying, deceitful devil. (6) Do you say that the LORD blesses those who lie and deceive the people? No! Isaac, you are a lying, deceitful devil.

10. "26:10 And Abimelech said, "What is this that you have done to us? And one of the people came near to sleeping with your wife, and trapped us in sin": (1) Abimelech said, "What is this that you have done to us? How have you deceived people with lies? How are you a dishonest man? (2) When all my subjects heard what you said, they took your wife for your sister, and it came to pass that some of them slept with your wife. If anyone sleeps with your wife, doesn't that trap us in sin?
11. "26:11 Then Abimelech spoke to the people, saying, "Whoever touches this man, or his wife, he shall surely be put to death": (1) "Whoever touches this man, or his wife, he shall surely be put to death", and no one shall "Whoever does not keep away from them, I will put him to death, because they are a family of devils, and his father Abraham, who had played such a farce with us, has played the same farce with his father since he came to us. (3) More than that, you will follow this man or his wife "after they are in your possession", and we will become a "lying and deceitful house", and the LORD will destroy us. will destroy us. Whoever does not turn away from them, I will put him to death, and you will remember that.

12. "26:12 Isaac ploughed the land, and that year he had a hundredfold harvest. The LORD blessed him": (1) Such a "test" would have been understood by farmers who had tilled the land and believed by city dwellers who had not. In Isaac's day there were no "good seeds, well irrigation or fertilizers" and it was impossible to achieve "a hundredfold harvest". China is now at its best in terms of agricultural infrastructure, with "good quality seeds, well irrigation and sufficient fertiliser", an acre of land with 15 kg of wheat seeds can yield 500 to 600 kg of wheat, which is at most 40 times the harvest, and it is impossible to achieve "a hundred times the harvest It is impossible to achieve "a hundred times the harvest". (2) "A hundredfold harvest. The LORD blessed him" is a similar "test question" that comes up inadvertently to create an "idol of the LORD". If you are not alert to this, you do not know what "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire" is, and you are "blind without ears".

26:13 And he prospered, and increased day by day, and became a great rich man.
14. "26:14 And he had flocks and herds and many servants, and the Philistines were jealous of him": (1) This is another of the LORD's "tests". (2) Isaac came here to escape the famine, and a man like him who was escaping the famine had "flocks and herds of cattle and many servants", but what about the local people? They could not have been richer than he was. (3) Therefore, the Philistines were not jealous of his wealth at all, but were disgusted by his "lies and deceptions".

15. "26:15 In the days when his father Abraham was alive, all the wells that his father's servants dug were filled with earth by the Philistines": (1) For Abraham was notorious here. (2) "The wells which his father's servants dug" were "all stuffed and filled with earth by the Philistines", indicating that the Philistines detested Abraham, the devil, because here Abraham "lied and deceived and expelled his wife " and was disliked by the righteous people here.

16. "26:16 Abimelech said to Isaac, "Depart from us, for you are much stronger than we are": (1) If you take Abimelech's words at face value, it means that you are "a blind man without ears ". (2) Isaac's family had been nomadic for generations and had no stable home, so how could his family be strong? Isaac, the "prophet of the Lord", was expelled by strong, normal people because he was a loner who was not strong. (3) The family was really strong because they had many people living together and had become a large city with a large land area. (4) Isaac's family did not marry any of the families, but stayed in a small circle of his own tribe, which led to him not feeling safe anywhere, and having to lie to people to gain temporary "security", and then being discriminated against and expelled by the locals when their lies were exposed. This is the tragedy of worshipping Jehovah as an "idol". (5) The Egyptians and Philistines were already in the "age of kings", while "the family of Isaac, the descendants of Adam and Eve" were still in the age of "nomadic tribes". "swore a firm oath"? It was backwardness and ignorance caused by the "idolatry" of Yahweh.

26:17 So Isaac left there and pitched his tent in the valley of Kirar and lived there.
18. "26:18 When the wells which his father Abraham had dug in the days of his life had been blocked by the Philistines after Abraham's death, Isaac dug them up again, and called them by the name of his father, as his father had called them": (1) This shows that he could not get out of the "curse of Abraham (1) He could not get out of the "curse of Abraham", he could not innovate and develop, let alone abandon the darkness to the light. (2) Nor would he think about the reasons for his expulsion. He would only be able to go around in his father's legacy and continue to worship Yahweh as an "idol", acting as a servant to Yahweh's "idols".

26:19 And Isaac's servant dug a well in the valley, and he got a well of living water.
20. "26:20 The shepherds of Gelael competed with the shepherds of Isaac, saying, "This water is ours." And Isaac called the name of the well Esai, because they contended with him (Note: "Esai" means "contention")": (1) "Contend" The reason for this is that you lied and cheated when you first arrived here and left a bad impression on the people here, and your well was taken from you as a retribution for lying and cheating. (2) Lying and deceiving is punishable by retribution. This is how the LORD warns liars who want to lie and cheat, and this is how the LORD teaches the world "not to lie and cheat".

21. "26:21 And Isaac's servants dug another well, and they contended over it, and Isaac called the name of the well Zetinah (note: meaning "for the enemy")": (1) Here your father used to lie and deceive, and you are deceiving again in the same way as your father You have deceived the good people here again in the same way as your father did, and you have corrupted the simplicity and harmony of this place. You are like a "stinking shit" that stinks up the place. You are the enemy who has come here to destroy the "simplicity and harmony", you are the "enemy" of the decent and good people here (truth and beauty) with your "lies" (falsehood and ugliness), and you are the "enemy" of the locals. You are being punished by the locals for being "enemies", and the LORD is making the righteous punish you. (2) You, Abrahams, are not a mainstream family. You use "lies" to corrupt the "simplicity, harmony, integrity and goodness" of a place, and everywhere you go you bring people devilish indoctrination which is the opposite of Yahweh's indoctrination. You are a small group of demons.

22. "26:22 When Isaac left there, he dug another well, and they did not compete about it, and he named it Rehoboth (note: meaning "broad"). He said, "Now the LORD has given us a broad land, and we will prosper in it": (1) And did he see? He had been utterly foolish. (2) "They don't fight over the wells anymore" because the shepherds of Gelael don't need so many wells anymore, because you go where there is no one. (3) Devil, you came here because the LORD gave you a "broad land" and as a result of your "lies and deceptions" you lost your "broad land", so you were quarantined and then You were expelled. (4) The prosperity of property does not last, but only by breaking up the sense of small families and establishing a nation can true prosperity be achieved. Isaac, you cannot walk under the "spell of Judaism", you can only misinterpret the definition of "prosperity".

26:23 From there Isaac went up to Beersheba.
24. "26:24 And the LORD appeared to him that night, saying, "I am the God of your father Abraham; do not be afraid! For I am with you to bless you, and to multiply your descendants for the sake of my servant Abraham": (1) Such "ecstasy" from the LORD only made Isaac a nervous lackey, because he never learned from others and did not know that the LORD was not a god of any one man at all He did not know that Yahweh was not the God of any one man, let alone the "God of Abraham". (2) The LORD is with all things, and without all things there would be no LORD, and without us even if the LORD existed, no one would know. (3) The LORD will not only bless Isaac, but also all things. Isaac did not think it was wrong to lie and deceive and the LORD would not bless him and would punish him, but the LORD did not state this directly, but was testing the wisdom of man, and this is how the human realm is graded. (4) "And make your descendants numerous for the sake of my servant Abraham" is a "test" that Isaac could not have understood, for to position man's relationship with Yahweh as "master and servant "It is the devil's indoctrination. The relationship between man and Yahweh is "father and son or mother and son", not "master and servant" at all. (5) The time when "Abraham's descendants are many" is the time when the earth will be filled with "deceivers who lie and deceive", which will be a disaster and tragedy for mankind. I am afraid that no one would like to see "the multitude of Abraham's descendants". I am afraid that no one would like to see "the multitude of Abraham's descendants". The only one who would like to see "the multitude of Abraham's descendants" would be "Satan's men for a while".

25. "26:25 So Isaac built an altar there, called on the name of the Lord, and pitched his tent. Then his servants dug a well there": (1) "there built an altar and called on the name of the LORD", indicating that Isaac inherited the same sacrificial methods that Abraham had done during his lifetime and became a Jewish priest, "a deceiver who deceives with lies " became "a prophet of the LORD". (2) "built an altar to call on the name of the LORD", which is worshipping the LORD as an "idol", which the LORD opposes, and is the devil's way of smearing and insulting the LORD in order to obliterate his edification, and to promote the edification of Satan in the guise of the LORD. Satan's indoctrination.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 26 Isaac and Abimelech make a covenant (25:26-33)
26:26 And Abimelech came to Isaac from Kirar, with his friend Adoshah and his captain of the army, Phocah.
27. "26:27 And Isaac said to them, Why have you come to me, if you hate me and have sent me away?" : (1) Isaac, it is not because you are so much stronger than they are that they hate you and expel you; it is because you are weak, and they do not bully you but dare to deceive with lies. (2) The fact that they have come to you means that this is not your place. You have come to escape the famine, you are a nomad, you have no place, Isaac do you understand?

28. "26:28 And they said, We have seen plainly that the LORD is with you, and they said, Why don't we both swear by one another and make a covenant with one another": (1) Their words, "We have seen plainly that the LORD is with you" are (1) Their words, "We have seen that the LORD is with you", were a "counter-word" to test Isaac's wisdom, to sober him up, but he took them seriously, a tragedy only for a "frog in a well". (2) They said, "We see clearly that the LORD is "not" with you, for you have proved that the devil is with you by your lies and deceptions, and we expel you because the LORD has told us to punish you for being a liar and a cheat. (3) "Why don't we both swear to each other and make a covenant with each other" is a very polite way of putting it, a way of looking after Isaac's face, but in reality it is a request to Isaac that "you must make a promise not to lie and cheat again".

29. "26:29 So that you will not harm us, as we have not harmed you, but will treat you generously and send you away in peace. You are blessed by the LORD": (1) We covenanted that you would give us "a promise not to lie and cheat again", so that you would not endanger our simple and good people with "lies", and would not let our people become deceitful demons, just as we have not harmed them. (2) You have come to us as a man of the cloth. (2) You came to us to escape the famine, and we did not lie to you when we gave you birth and wealth, but we treated you generously. (3) Even though you deceived us, we did not hold you guilty and sent you away from us in peace and let you go with your possessions, and this is blessed by the LORD. You should have learned your lesson and promised not to lie and cheat again, but you have no sense of how to correct your mistakes, and your mind has been broken since your father's time, and you do not realise it. (4) You should have found our good points and strengths when you travelled to us, but you didn't. You only see "Jehovah" as an "idol", which is the greatest sorrow of you Jews.

26:30 So Isaac made a feast for them, and they ate and drank.
26:31 They rose up early in the morning and swore to one another. Isaac sent them away, and they left him in peace and went away.
26:32 On that day Isaac's servants came and told him about the well that had been dug, saying, "We have got water."
26:33 So he called the name of the well Sheba, and therefore the city was called Beersheba, to this day.

True Commentary on Genesis 26 Isaac takes two wives (25:26-33)
26:34 And when Esau was forty years old, he took Judith, the daughter of Billy the Hittite, and Bashkah, the daughter of Elon the Hittite, to be his wives.
35. "26:35 They were always troubling Isaac and Rebekah": (1) because "Isaac and Rebekah had only themselves in their hearts" and always felt that their own Jewish faith and culture was right and that the culture of the rest of the race was bad The result of this selfish and narrow-minded demonic thinking was that the two women of the Hittites "always troubled Isaac and Rebekah". (2) The Jews' disregard for the existence of a culture stronger than theirs, and their blind "self-praise and destruction" of others, are all signs of the devil's cruelty. Israel's small state today is the inevitable result of their selfishness and narrow-mindedness.

(1) Isaac, who made Jehovah an "idol worshipper", went to Gelael to escape the famine, where he was isolated by the Philistines for lying and deceiving. (2) This shows that the "farce of Abraham" did not end, and that Isaac would carry on the "farce of Abraham".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 31 Aug 2017 18:28pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






