The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 38 Judah and his children slept together and had a son
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. These are acts that the LORD has expressly forbidden, acts that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be done".
Genesis 38 Judah loses two sons (38:1-23)
38:1 Then Judah left his brothers and went down to the house of an Adullamite named Hirah.
38:2 And Judah saw there a daughter named Shua, a Canaanite, and took her as his wife, and lay with her.
38:3 And she conceived and bore a son, and Judah called his name Joel.
38:4 And she conceived and bore a son, and his mother called his name Onan.
38:5 And she conceived again, and bore a son, and called his name Shelah. And Judah was in Kadesh when she bore Shelah.
38:6 And Judah took a wife for his firstborn son Ur, and called her name Shema.
7. "38:7 And Joel the firstborn son of Judah was evil in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD caused him to die." (1) Such judgments with the word "Jehovah" in them are basically "tests" to see if we have the wisdom to know right from wrong. (2) What did "Judah's firstborn son Joel" do that made him "evil in the sight of the LORD"? There is nothing written to indicate that "Judah's eldest son, Joel" had done anything evil, nor that "the LORD caused him to die". (3) To say "Jehovah" in everything, to say "Jehovah told him what to do", is to lead normal people down an evil path, and if you believe it, you will be led into a ditch. (4) There are many reasons why people die, both their own and family reasons. It is the good or bad things done by the person's past life and family that determine the family's life expectancy, not on Jehovah, nor on whether the dead person did bad things in life.
8. "38:8 And Judah said to Onan, "Be in the same room with your brother's wife, and do to her what you would have done as a brother, and have a son and a queen for your brother." (1) "Judah", who had sold his brother Joseph, was giving his son "Onan" Jewish "ecstasy". (2) "Onan" had a child with his brother's wife, not as a "son for his brother", but as a descendant of "Onan" himself. "Why did Judah not understand this? Who educated Judah? It was Jacob, "the prophet of the Lord". (3) "Onan" had a child with his brother's wife, and Judah said that he had "given birth to a son for your brother". This is the devil's way of instilling in normal people "the ecstasy of right and wrong, of falsehood and truth, of the reversal of right and wrong".
9. "38:9 Onan knew that the birth of a son was not for himself, so when he had intercourse, he left it on the ground, lest he should set a queen for his brother." (1) The devil was instilling in normal people the "ecstasy of right and wrong, of falsehood and truth, and of the reversal of right and wrong", so that "Onan" could not tell right from wrong. (2) This is what "Yeshua" is all about. (2) This is the farce of the "prophets of the LORD" whose families have confused right and wrong, showing that the "LORD" they saw was a demonic change, not the real LORD at all. (3) Jehovah makes people wise and makes them "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire". The devil makes people lose their wisdom, lose their humanity, and show their demonic nature and ignorance.
10. "38:10 And what Onan did was evil in the sight of the LORD, and the LORD caused him to die." (1) "Onan" was in bed with his brother's wife and had a child without knowing that it was his own, and believed "Judah" when he said, "Give your brother a son and a queen". He has lost the right to be a human being and is not qualified to live in the world. (2) In order "not to leave his brother a queen", Onan left his brother's wife on the ground when they were in bed together. This shows that "Onan" had no humanity left in him, and that he was a cruel, mean and heartless devil.
38:11 Judah said in his heart, "I fear that Shelah will die, like his two brothers," and he said to his wife, Tamar, "Go and be a widow in your father's house until my son Shelah grows up." And Shema went back and lived in her father's house.
12. "38:12 After a long time, when the daughter of Shua, Judah's wife, died, Judah was comforted, and he went up to Timnah with his friend Hirah the Adullamite to his shearers." : (1) "The daughter of Shua, Judah's wife, was dead", Judah could not have been comforted. (2) Judah was comforted when the daughter of Shua, Judah's wife, died, after a long time.
38:13 And it was told hermah, "Your father-in-law has gone up to Timnah to shear the wool."
38:14 When shema saw that Shelah had grown up and had not yet taken her as a wife, she took off her widow's garment, covered her face with a handkerchief, and covered her body, and sat at the gate of the city of Enarim, on the road to Timnah.
15. "38:15 When Judah saw her, he thought she was a prostitute, because she had her face covered." (1) Because "she had her face covered", Judas did not ask, but rashly thought it was a prostitute, indicating that "Judas" was ready to "prostitute". (1) Judas was ready to "prostitute" himself. (2) It shows that Judas did not have the strength to endure his sexual desires, and that a "Jewish priest" like his father Jacob did not have a sense of "cultivation".
38:16 Then Judas turned to her and said, "Come! Let me sleep with you." He did not know that it was his son's wife. Shema said, "What will you give me if you want to sleep with me?"
38:17 Judah said, "I will take a goat lamb from the flock and send it to you." Shema said, "Will you give me a pawn before it is sent?"
38:18 He said, "What shall I give you?" And Tamar said, "Your seal, your belt and the staff in your hand."
19. "38:19 Then Judah gave it to her, and slept with her, and she conceived from Judah. And she arose and went away, and removed her covering, and remained clothed as a widow." (1) "Judah" did not know that the woman he thought was a prostitute was "Tamar", but "Tamar" knew "Judah Shema" knew "Judas" and would therefore give him "your seal, your belt and the staff in your hand" as a "pawn". (2) "And shema got up and went away, and took off her handkerchief, and put on her widow's garments", which shows that "shema" was wise.
38:20 And Judah asked his friend the Adullamites to send a lamb, that he might take the head from the woman's hand, but he could not find her.
38:21 So he asked the men of the place, "Where is the prostitute by the way of Enarim?" They said, "There is no prostitute here."
38:22 He went back to Judah and said, "I did not find her, and the men of the place said, 'There is no prostitute here.'"
23, "38:23 Judah said, "I sent this lamb, and you could not find her; let her have it, lest we be put to shame." : (1) There is a "play on words" by Yahweh here, do you see it? (2) "Judah" sent the lamb away, but he could not find the woman who slept with him, so he let her take the "seal and the band and the staff", indicating that "Judah" had been shamed for (2) He was not able to find a woman to sleep with him, but let her take "the seal and the sash and the staff". (3) Letting her take away the "seal and the sash and the staff" did not "save us from shame".
Genesis 38: Shema has two sons (38:24-30)
38:24 After about three months, it was told to Judah, "Your son, Tamar, has become a prostitute and has conceived through adultery." Judah said, "Pull her out and burn her!"
38:25 When Tamar was drawn out, she sent to her father-in-law and said to him, "From whomever these things belong, I conceived them. Identify, please, whose seal and band and staff are these?"
26. "38:26 And Judah confessed, saying, She is more righteous than I, because I did not give her to Shelah my son. And from this time Judah slept no more with her." (1) Judah's confession that the seal and the band and the staff were his indicates that Tamar was conceived from Judah. (2) Shema was widowed in her father's house, and after a long time, when Shelah had grown up, she did not wait for Judah to send her a man to marry her. Judah" did not keep his word, but "Tamar" did. (3) From then on Judah no longer slept with her because Judah had conceived with her in adultery. "(3) Judas would no longer sleep with hermah, for Judas had become notorious for having conceived with hermah, his daughter.
38:27 But when she was about to give birth, she had a twin birth in her womb.
38:28 When it was time to give birth, one of the children stretched out a hand, and the midwife took a red thread and tied it to his hand, saying, "This is the firstborn."
38:29 Then the child withdrew his hand, and his brother was born. The midwife said, "Why did you rush to come?" So she named him Phares.
38:30 Then his brother also, who had a red thread in his hand, was born, and he called his name Shelah.
[Chapter 38 Commentary: This article is about Jacob's son, Judah, who was a prostitute, and it shows that Jacob, the "prophet of the LORD", was basically void of parenting because he himself was a liar and a cheat.
Posted by Li Huaiju on September 10, 2017 at 10:25 pm 10 days 17:32 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article