The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 24 David was a puppet kidnapped by the Jewish priests
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
24:1 And the LORD was angry with Israel, and he agitated David, so that he commanded men to count the Israelites and the men of Judah.
24:2 Then David commanded Joab, the marshal who followed him, saying, "Go through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, and count the people, so that I may know their number."
24:3 Joab said to the king, "However many the people are, may the LORD your God multiply them a hundredfold, so that my lord and my king may see them with their own eyes. Why should it please my lord and my king to do this?"
24:4 But the king's command prevailed over Joab and the captains of the army. So Joab and the captains of the army went out from the king's presence and counted the people of Israel.
24:5 And they crossed the Jordan, and encamped on the right hand of Aroer, on the right hand of the middle city of the valley of Gad, opposite Jasher.
24:6 And they came to Gilead and to the land of Heshur, where he had stopped. and came to Dan-jahan, and went round to Sidon.
24:7 and came to the safeguard of Tyre, and to the cities of the Hivites and the Canaanites. and to Beersheba, which is south of Judah.
24:8 And when they had gone through all the land, after nine months and twenty days, they returned to Jerusalem.
24:9 Joab told the king the total number of the people: 800,000 warriors with swords in Israel; 500,000 in Judah.
24:10 When David had counted the people, he censured himself and prayed to the LORD, saying, "I have sinned greatly in doing this. O LORD, put away the iniquity of your servant, for what I have done is very foolish."
24:11 When David arose in the morning, the word of the LORD came to Gad the prophet, David's foresight, saying.
24:12 "Go and tell David, 'Thus says the LORD: I have three plagues; choose one of them as you like, so that I may come down to you.'"
24:13 So Gad came to David and said to him, "What would you like to have seven years of famine in the country? Is it to flee before your enemies and be chased for three months? Or three days of pestilence in your kingdom? Now you shall speculate and think, so that I may answer him who sent me."
24:14 David said to Gad, "I am in great trouble. I would fall into the hand of the LORD, for he is rich in mercy, and I would not fall into the hand of man."
24:15 So the LORD sent a plague on the Israelites, and from the morning until the appointed time, from Dan until Beersheba, seventy thousand people died among the people.
24:16 When the angel stretched out his hand against Jerusalem to destroy the city, the LORD regretted it, and stopped sending the plague, and commanded the angel who destroyed the people, saying, "It is enough; stop!" At that time the angel of the LORD was at the harvest field of Araunah the Jebusite.
24:17 When David saw the angel of destruction, he prayed to the LORD, saying, "I have sinned and done evil; but what has this flock done? May your hand strike me and my father's house."
24:18 On that day Gad came to David and said to him, "Go up and build for the LORD an altar in the harvest field of Araunah the Jebusite (note: "Araunah" in 1 Chronicles 21:20 as "Alonan," passim). an altar."
24:19 So David went up, as Gad had said in the name of the LORD.
24:20 When Araunah looked on, and saw the king and his servants coming, he met them and went out, and fell on his face to the ground, and bowed down to the king
24:21 saying, "Why has my lord and my king come to my servant?" David said, "I will buy you this sheaf, and build an altar to the LORD, that the pestilence of the people may be stopped."
24:22 Then Araunah said to David, "My lord and my king, take whatever it pleases you to use, and offer it as a sacrifice. Behold! Here are oxen for a burnt offering, and implements for beating grain and a yoke for setting oxen, to be burned for firewood.
24:23 All these things I, Araunah, offer to you, O king." And he said to the king, "May the LORD your God be pleased with you."
24:24 The king said to Araunah, "Otherwise, I will buy it from you for what it is worth, and I will not offer it as a burnt offering to the LORD my God for what I have received for nothing." So David bought the sheaf and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver.
24:25 There David built an altar for the LORD and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD listened to what the nation asked, and the plague was stopped among the Israelites.

Explanatory section.
1. "24:1 And the LORD was angry with Israel, and he agitated David, so that he commanded the men to count the Israelites and the Judeans": (1) This is a demonic and evil saying of the "priests", which is not true at all. (2) It was David's own idea to count the nation, as every king had done; and every family had done it.
1. [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "24:1 We often ask, "Did God cause David to sin? God certainly does not cause people to sin, but he allows sinners to reveal their inner sinfulness by their actions. On the other hand, David's sin was also God's judgment on Israel. 1 Chronicles 21:1 says that it was Satan who provoked David to do so. The Israelites believed that God was the ruler of everything and that Satan's actions were ultimately accountable to God. It could be said that Satan was the direct agent of David's sin, but God allowed Satan to do it, and God was the one who was ultimately responsible for it as far as Israel was concerned": (1) "caused David to sin", a "priestly" demonic act out of (1) "caused David to sin", which the "priest" demon slandered out of jealousy. The "God" who "caused David to sin and permitted the sinner to reveal his inner sinfulness by his own actions" is not the "righteous God Jehovah", but the "evil God Satan". Satan, the evil god". (2) The false accusation of "David's sin" was not a judgment on Israel by the "righteous God, Jehovah", but by the "evil God, Satan". The "evil god Satan" did not provoke David to do so, but the "priests" wanted David to do so. (3) The "evil god Satan" was not the direct agent of David's sin, but the "priests" who were jealous of David were the direct agents in slandering "David's sin". (2) The "righteous god Jehovah" did not allow the "evil god Satan" to do so, but it was the "priests" who said so under the guise of the "righteous god Jehovah". "The "priests" (preachers) deceived Israel, and Israel believed without wisdom, which was the sorrow of Israel. (4) Man's thoughts and deeds are not subject to any restriction in the world, either good or bad as he pleases. God Himself is good and does everything to exhort people to good, while attacking evil with good. It is all man's business, so why should God be responsible for it.

2. "24:2 Then David commanded Joab, the marshal, who followed him, saying, Go and count the people through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan to Beersheba, that I may know their number. 24:3 And Joab said to the king, However many the people may be, may the LORD your God increase them a hundredfold, that my lord and my king may see them with his own eyes. Why should it please my lord and my king to do this?" : (1) Made up, nonsense. (2) What kind of "marshal" are you if you don't know how many soldiers you have? Are you a "priest" if you don't understand such a thing? Only a "priest" would have the brains of a pig who is worse than a beast.
2. [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "What is wrong with counting the people in 24:1-3? In the book of Numbers, God commanded Moses to count the people of Israel in preparation for the conquest of the land of Canaan (Num. 1:2; 26:2). The counting of the people was generally seen as a prelude to conscription for battle, but now that the whole land was at peace, there was no longer any need for conscription. The boundaries of Israel had been extended and they were the strongest nation of their time; David's sin was to take credit for himself and to count the people so that he might boast of the strength of his vast country. In doing so, he put his faith in the multitude of his soldiers. Even Joab saw that it was wrong to count the people, but David did not listen to his advice. We are guilty of the same sin if we rely on money, possessions, or military strength": (1) "Counting the people" is a small thing that every normal king should do. (2) The "evil god Satan" commanded Moses to count the people of Israel in preparation for the conquest of the land of Canaan, indicating that "Moses the priest" was a warlike, life-threatening demon. Moses the priest was the "pope" before the emergence of kings, and Israel was a "secular" political system. (3) The "Pope" could count the people of Israel at the behest of the "evil god Satan", but the "King David" could not count the people of Israel, for this was beyond his authority. This is beyond the right of the "Pope" and is unacceptable to the "Pope". Therefore, in the eyes of the "pope" (the priests), "David's sin was to be proud of himself and to count the people, so that he might boast of the greatness of his country and the strength of his army". Did you see that? The "pope" (priests) were a group of people who "allowed the state to set fire to the people, but not the people to light a lamp". Therefore, the "popes" (priests) who came before and after them held a grudge against the king and slandered him. (4) When "King David" counted the people of Israel, he put his faith in the multitude of his soldiers, so that the king would not come to the "priests" to "ask God to bless them". The "pope" (priests) would be lonely and without majesty. (5) The ability of the "evil god Satan" to protect does not depend on the number of soldiers, but on the degree of reverence and respect for the "evil god Satan", which every wise king would not believe. (6) "Joab" did not see that the people were wrong in the counting of the points, but that they were scandalised by the "priestly" text. (7) "If we rely on money, or property, or military power, we will commit the same sins" is the "ecstasy" that "Satan" gave to Pharaoh. This is the "enchantment" given by Satan to the Pharaohs, and this is the helpless rant of the "pope" (priests) against the disregard of the people for their "hypocritical deceivers". (8) If "we would commit the same sin if we relied on money, or property, or military power", then the "popes" (priests) would commit the same sin if they relied on God and threatened to intimidate us under the guise of God.

24:4-8, "24:4 But the king's command prevailed over Joab and the captains of the army. So Joab and all the captains of the army went out from the king's presence and counted the people of Israel.24:5 They crossed the Jordan and encamped on the right hand of Aroer, on the right hand of the city in the valley of Gad, opposite Jasher.24:6 And they came to Gilead and to the land of Tarshish. 24:6 and to Dan-jahan, and round about to Sidon, 24:7 and to the safeguard of Tyre, and to the cities of the Hivites and Canaanites. 24:8 And they went through all the land, and returned to Jerusalem after nine months and twenty days": (1) There was no such thing, it was a lie of the Jewish priests. There are many such lies. (2) "Joab" took two months to complete the "census".

24:9-10, "24:9 Joab told the king the total number of the people: 800,000 warriors with swords in Israel; 500,000 in Judah. 24:10 When David had counted the people, he blamed himself and prayed to the LORD, saying, "I have sinned greatly in doing this. O LORD, take away the iniquity of your servant, for I have done very foolishly": (1) No such thing. It was the "priests (Jewish preachers)" who were scandalising and insulting the wise and mighty David. (2) Only by making the king, who had all the power of "party, government and army", fall at the feet of the "priests" and become a slave who prayed, "Take away the sins of my servant, for I have done very foolishly. Only then did the "priest" have the majesty of a "pope" over the king.

24:11-13, "24:11 When David arose in the morning, the word of the LORD came to Gad the prophet, David's foresight, saying, 24:12 Go and tell David, 'Thus says the LORD, "I have three plagues, choose one of them, that I may send it to you. 24:13 So Gad came to David and said to him, "Would you like there be seven years of famine in the kingdom? To flee before your enemies and be chased for three months? Is it a pestilence in your country for three days? Now think about it, so that I may answer him who sent me": (1) This is not what "Jehovah" told "Gad" to say. That is not true at all. There is no such thing. (2) This is a trick that every "priest" plays to blackmail the king. This is the reason for the presence of the devil "Gad" in it. (3) The priests of the Old Testament were all devils who were in league with the "prophet Gad", and they were all devils who bewitched kings under the guise of Yahweh.

24:12-14, [Explanation of the "devotional version:] "24:12-14 David and the people of Israel sinned (24:1), and David was proud, but the Bible does not say why God was angry with the Israelites. Perhaps because they supported Absalom (15-18) and Sheba's rebellion (20), or perhaps they were like David, who placed the security of the nation on military might and economic affluence rather than on God. He punished them all through David, who was the representative of a whole people guilty of pride": (1) "David sinned with the people of Israel" because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king over Israel without the "priestly ") and let the "kingship" replace the "unity of church and state" of the priests, so that in the eyes of "the priests and Satan" "David and the people of Israel have sinned". (2) The "priests" would not tolerate the fact that "every king" would place the security of his nation on military power and economic prosperity rather than on God. (3) The "priests and Satan" punished their whole nation through David because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king of Israel without the approval of the "priests") and let the "kingship The "kingly system" replaced the "unity of church and state" of the priests. (4) David "became" a representative of the pride of the whole nation because David replaced the "priests" with his own personality as the leader of Israel.

24:12-14, [Explanation of the "Devotional Version":] "24:12-14 The three choices God gave David were all punishments. He had already told the people of Israel that if they did not keep his law, punishment would come - disease (Deut 28:20-22), famine (Deut 28:23-24), and war (Deut 28:25-26). David wisely chose the punishment that came directly from God. He knew that in the midst of war, the enemy was fierce and cruel, but God was merciful. It is far better for you to turn to God and receive his punishment when you have sinned greatly than to fall into the hands of men": (1) The three choices of punishment given to David were faced by every king and were not given by any god at all. (2) The "righteous God Jehovah" did not have the "great mercy" of the priests, not even a little "mercy", for the "righteous God Jehovah "will not save his Christ Jesus, nor will he have "mercy" on anyone (of the Christian faithful). Therefore, all those who long for the "righteous God Jehovah" to have "mercy" are irredeemably insane. (3) When you commit a great sin, turn to the "evil god Satan" and be punished by him, you will be worse off than dead, because the "evil god Satan" will torment your family for generations. It would be better to "fall into the hands of men".

24:14-15, "24:14 David said to Gad, "I am in great distress. 24:15 Then the LORD sent a plague on Israel, and from the morning until the appointed time, from Dan to Beersheba, seventy thousand people died among the people": (1) Why was David guilty of "the LORD sending a plague on Israel"? "? Why was David left alone with the disease? Why did such a "Jehovah" do this to the innocent in such an unreasonable manner? Is this "Jehovah"? (2) Answer: This is to blame him for the plague of the unpredictable and to talk nonsense. There is no such thing. It is the "evil god Satan" who is "killing and silencing". (3) This is not the "righteous God, Jehovah", but the "evil God, Satan", who is spilling the beans on the innocent in such an unreasonable manner.
16. "24:16 When the angel stretched out his hand against Jerusalem to destroy the city, the LORD regretted it, and did not send the plague, but commanded the angel who was destroying the people, saying, "Enough, stop! At that time the angel of the LORD was in the harvest field of Araunah the Jebusite": (1) Why did the "LORD" "regret"? Was he not able to control the fire in his work? Does this not mean that he is not an all-powerful God? (2) Answer: This is a farce made up by the "evil god Satan" to confuse people.

17. "24:17 When David saw the angel of destruction, he prayed to the LORD, saying, "I have sinned and done evil; but what have these sheep done? May your hand strike me and my father's house": (1) David did not see the angel of destruction, nor did he pray to the LORD. (2) This was a lie made up by the "priests".
24:18-19, "24:18 Then Gad came to David that day and said to him, "Go up to the harvest field of Araunah the Jebusite. 24:19 So David went up, as Gad had said in the name of the LORD": (1) There was no such thing. This was the devil kidnapping David to spread "horrific" demonic heresies so that people would fear and be afraid of them, the demons of Judaism. This is why Jesus called them "Woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the blind, who are hypocrites". (2) The wise and powerful David hated "Gad" and all the "priests" (Jewish missionaries), which is why the "priests" insulted David with their words.

24:20-21, "24:20 When Araunah looked on, and saw the king and his servants coming, he greeted them and went out, and fell on his face to the ground and worshipped the king, 24:21 saying, "Why has my lord and my king come to my servant?" David said, "I will buy this harvest field of yours and build an altar to the Lord to stop the pestilence among the people": (1) There is no such thing. "Araunah" was a demon-possessed Jewish priest. (2) This was a lie by the Jewish priests to deify themselves by "death" to the people. It was only when Yahweh revealed Himself to punish people that they would have majesty and be feared, for they were the spokesmen of Yahweh.
24:22-23, "24:22 And Araunah said to David, "My lord and my king, take whatever it pleases you to use, and offer it as a sacrifice. Behold! Here are oxen for a burnt offering, and implements for beating grain and a yoke for setting oxen for firewood. 24:23 All these things I, Araunah, offer to you, O king. And he said to the king, "May the LORD your God be pleased with you": (1) There is no such thing. "Araunah" was a Jewish priest possessed by the devil. (2) The true nature of the Jewish priests as demons is revealed. (3) "Here is a bull for a burnt offering", which is what the devil wants, and the devil is pleased with you. It is what makes Yahweh angry. (3) "There are instruments for beating grain and yokes for setting oxen for firewood", which is the face of the devil who wreaks havoc on the nation.
(4) In Genesis 4, "Abel" was killed by his brother "Cain" because he "sacrificed the fat of the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" to the Lord, because "Abel did not observe the LORD's rule of "vegetarianism". Cain, who killed his brother Abel, was not only not punished by the LORD but was also given special protection. 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him".
(5) Judaism, which has adopted Genesis as a "Jewish classic", does not observe Yahweh's rule of "vegetarianism" and sacrifices the flesh of animals to Yahweh, which in fact slanders and abuses Yahweh. This is why Jesus rebuked them as "woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the hypocrites".
(6) Jesus was the revolutionary who overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". Judaism is the devilish group that killed Jesus, and it is only Christians who expose Judaism for what it is. Those who do not hate Judaism are not Christians, but are Judaizers who are trying to corrupt Christianity from within under the guise of Christianity.

24:24-25, "24:24 And the king said to Araunah, "Otherwise, I will buy from you according to value, and I will not make a burnt offering to the LORD my God of what I have received for nothing. So David bought the field and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver. 24:25 And David built an altar there for the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD listened to what the nation asked, and the plague was stopped among the Israelites": (1) There was no such thing. (2) It was the Jewish devil who was spreading "ecstasy".
(3) There is no killing in heaven, it is the source of life, the place where life is nurtured, not a "slaughterhouse" at all! The angels in heaven "eat the wind and drink the dew" and do not eat at all, for they are themselves a breath of fresh air. Jehovah is the "energy group" that gives birth to the life of the universe. Jehovah does not eat at all and is not an "animal that likes to eat meat", let alone a "beast that has to eat animals all day long to fill its stomach He is not a "meat-loving animal" or a "beast that eats animals all day long to fill its stomach". Therefore, anyone who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Yahweh is a devil who slanders and insults Yahweh, who gave birth to life, with his words and deeds of "cruelty to life". (4) Anyone who kills a person who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Yahweh is Yahweh's Christ and Judge on earth, and will be under Yahweh's focused protection.

24:25, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "24:25 He governed on the principle of the will of God and the welfare of the people, but he also sinned. In spite of his sins, the Bible calls him a man after God's own heart (1 Sam 13:14; Acts 13:22), because after he had sinned he both confessed his sins and asked God for forgiveness. He entrusted his life to God and remained faithful and committed to him all his life. In the Psalms we get a deeper appreciation of David's situation and how much he loved God": (1) David governed on the principle of the well-being of the people and not according to the "will of God" as the priests said, so that in the "priestly (1) The principle of David's government was the happiness of the people, not the "will of God" according to the priests, so that in the "priestly" texts it is said of David that "he also sinned; though he sinned greatly". (2) "After sinning, he both confessed his sins and asked God for forgiveness. He entrusted his life to God and remained faithful to him all his life". Such a servant is "a worthy king" in the eyes of "the evil god Satan and the priests". (3) The real David was not "so much in love with God" that he was cursed by this article. The wise and powerful David despised in his heart the "priests" (missionaries) who sinned through God, and had the idea of killing the "priests", but was dissuaded from doing so by "the Lord" because it was the The "last days" could not be without them.

26. Genesis (1) "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you all the vegetables of the earth that bear seed, and all the fruit of every tree that has kernels, for food; 3:23 and the LORD God sent him out of the garden of Eden to cultivate the soil from which he came": these were the words of the LORD to "Adam", and he did not tell "Adam" to kill animals to satisfy himself. "Adam" was not told to kill animals to satisfy his appetite, this was the rule of "vegetarianism, not meat".
(2) And it is said, "1:26 And he made man to rule over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over the cattle of the earth, and over all the earth, and over every insect that creeps on the earth", so that all kinds of animals would be "of their own kind", so that they would have their own internal "This is the rule of "eating vegetarianism and not meat".
(3) "2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground. 2:19 And every beast of the field and every fowl of the air which the LORD God made of the earth", therefore, both man and animal are made of earth by the LORD, and animals are made of the same material as man, and their physiological systems function in the same way, and animals that do not speak are like all kinds of disadvantaged "disabled" people. "Animals that do not speak are like all kinds of disadvantaged "invalids", and man should take care of them so that they "live out their lives" and should not kill them to satisfy his own appetite. This is the "vegetarian, no meat" rule laid down by the Lord.

27. Genesis 4:4 Abel also offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep. The LORD saw Abel and his offering": (1) All Westerners think this is true, but in fact it is a "counter-word" spoken by the LORD to see if you are wise, and as a result, you do not look at what the LORD has "prescribed" in front of you. (2) When Abel saw the "word of the Lord", he said, "You are all "devils who crave meat". (2) Abel saw that "Cain" took the crops of the land and offered them to the LORD, and "he also offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep", which means that Abel killed the sheep and offered "the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep" as an offering to the LORD. "as an offering to Yahweh. (3) The nature endowed to man is called endowment, and endowment is pure evil without goodness. The nature evil advocated by Xunzi refers precisely to endowment. The evil of nature is the "anger, hatred, resentment, annoyance and annoyance" that are tempted by material desires. This is why they are also called the "five demons", which disturb the mind. They are also called the "five poisons", which cause illness and death. (4) In between the "nature and the nature" are the acquired natures, called habits. Habits can be good or bad. "If you are close to vermilion, you are red; if you are close to black, you are black" refers to habits. (5) The nature of man is his own, and whatever he does gives birth to his nature. It is in the man himself that goodness comes from doing good, and evil from doing evil.
(6) Abel killed the sheep and made an offering of "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep", which is a human nature called endowment, a demonic nature of bullying, aggression and harm. It is the opposite of the "vegetarianism" prescribed by Yahweh in 1:29, 3:23, and is a violation of the "commandment to kill". (7) There is no killing in heaven, it is the source of life, it is the place where life is nurtured, it is not a "slaughterhouse" at all! The angels in heaven "eat the wind and drink the dew" and do not eat at all, for they are themselves a breath of pure air. The fact that you do not even understand this shows that you have been taught by the devil. (8) The Lord would have "taken a fancy to Abel and his offering" if he were "an animal that loves meat". Is Jehovah a "meat-loving animal" who "killed the sheep as an offering"? Does Jehovah in heaven "have to eat animals all day long to fill his stomach"? If Jehovah did not "like animals that eat meat" and was not a beast that "had to eat animals all day long to fill his belly", Jehovah would not have "taken a liking to Abel and his offerings".
(9) Let us look further: "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him", this is the LORD publicly protecting "Cain" because "Cain" had killed "Abel "because Abel offered "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the lamb" as an offering, ostensibly to Yahweh, but in reality he was openly slandering him with his "mutilation of life The "firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" were offered to Yahweh, but in reality they were "mutilating life" and openly slandering and abusing Yahweh who gave birth to life.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on April 1, 2017 November 7, 2017 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





