The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 10 David defeats "Ammonites and Arameans"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings also had some disgraceful behaviour, which was the result of the "priests" venting their "hatred of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
10:1 After that, the king of the Ammonites died, and his son Hanun succeeded him as king.
10:2 David said, "I will treat Hanun generously, as Hanun's father Nahor treated me." So David sent his servants to comfort him for his bereaved father. David's servants came into the territory of the Ammonites
10:3 But the chief of the Ammonites said to their lord Hanun, "Do you think that David honoured your father when he sent to comfort you? Has he not sent his servants to spy in detail, to overthrow the city?"
10:4 So Hanun shaved off half of the beards of David's servants, and cut off the lower part of their clothes, so that they showed their lower parts, and sent them back.
10:5 And David was told, and he sent for them; and (because they were ashamed,) he told them, "You may stay in Jericho until your beard grows back."
10:6 And when the Ammonites knew that David hated them, they sent and recruited the Arameans of Bethsaida and the Arameans of Zobah, twenty thousand men of the foot, and a thousand men with the king of Macha, and twelve thousand men of Tobor.
10:7 When David heard this, he sent out Joab with a whole army of valiant men.
10:8 The Ammonites came out and took up positions before the gates of the city; the Arameans of Zobah and Rehoboth, the Taborites and the Maacahites, took up another position in the countryside.
10:9 When Joab saw that the enemy had formed up before and behind him, he chose the best of the Israelite army and made them form up against the Arameans.
10:10 The rest of the soldiers were given to his brother Abishai, and they took up positions against the Ammonites.
10:11 Joab said to Abishai, "If the Arameans are stronger than me, come and help me; if the Ammonites are stronger than you, I will go and help you.
10:12 Let us all be strong, and let us be great men for our own people and for the cities of God. May the LORD do according to his will."
10:13 So Joab and those who followed him advanced against the Arameans, and the Arameans fled before Joab.
10:14 When the Ammonites saw the Arameans fleeing, they also fled into the city before Abishai. So Joab left the Ammonites and went back to Jerusalem.
10:15 When the Arameans saw that they had been defeated by the Israelites, they gathered again.
10:16 Hadadezer sent men to bring in the Arameans from the other side of the great river. They came to Hiram, and Shufa, the general of Hadadeisheth, led them.
10:17 Then David was told, and he gathered all Israel, and crossed the Jordan, and came to Hiram. The Arameans met David in formation and fought against him.
10:18 The Arameans fled before the Israelites. David killed seven hundred of Aram's charioteers and forty thousand of his horsemen, and he killed Shufa the general of Aram.
10:19 When the kings who belonged to Hadadezer saw that they had been defeated by the Israelites, they made peace with the Israelites and returned to them. So the Arameans did not dare to help the Ammonites any more.

Expository section.
10-73, (1) "10:1 When the king of the Ammonites died, his son Hanun succeeded him as king. 10:2 And David said, "I will do to Hanun as Hanun's father Nahor did to me. So David sent his servants to comfort him for the loss of his father. David's servants came into the territory of the Ammonites", Q: Is that so? (2) "10:3 But the leaders of the Ammonites said to their lord Hanun, "Do you think that David honoured your father when he sent to comfort you? Did he not send his servants to spy in detail, to overthrow the city?" and asked, Is that so? (3) "10:4 Then Hanun shaved off half of the beards of David's servants, and cut off the lower part of their garments, so that they showed their lower parts, and sent them back", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Is.
10-74. (1) "10:5 And David was told, and he sent to meet them; and (because they were ashamed,) he told them, saying, "You may stay in Jericho until your beard grows up, and then return". (2) "10:6 When the Ammonites knew that David hated them, they sent and recruited the Arameans of Bethsaida and the Arameans of Zobah, 20,000 foot soldiers, 1,000 men with the king of Macha, and 12,000 men of Tobor", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-75. (1) "10:8 And the Ammonites came out and formed themselves before the gate of the city; and the Arameans of Zobah and Rehoboth, and the men of Tubal and the men of Maacah, formed themselves in the countryside", Q: Is that so? (2) "10:9 When Joab saw that the enemy was arrayed before and behind him, he chose the best soldiers from the army of Israel and made them array against the Arameans. 10:10 The rest of the soldiers were given to his brother Abishai to array against the Ammonites", Q: Is that so? (3) "10:11 Joab said to Abishai, "If the Arameans are stronger than me, come and help me; if the Ammonites are stronger than you, I will go and help you. Let us all be strong, and great men for our own people and for the cities of God. May the LORD do according to his will", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Is.
10-76, "10:13 And Joab and those who followed him advanced against the Arameans, and the Arameans fled before Joab. When the Ammonites saw the Arameans fleeing, they also fled into the city before Abishai. Then Joab left the Ammonites and went back to Jerusalem", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

10-77, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "10:12 He knew that the outcome of the battle lay with God. We should make good use of our talents and resources, obey God well, and rely on him for good fruit", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) The outcome of the battle lies in "the time and the place", not in God. (2) "Obeying God well and relying on Him" does not lead to "good fruit" at all, but only to misuse the opportunity to fight and suffer bad consequences. The appearance of kings was the result of the discontent of the people caused by the priests' "good obedience to God and reliance on Him".
10-78, (1) "10:15 When the Arameans saw that they had been defeated by the Israelites, they gathered again. 10:16 Hadadezer sent men to bring in the Arameans from the other side of the great river. And they came to Hiram, and Shufa, the general of Hadadisheth, led them", Q: Is that so? (2) "10:17 Then David was told, and he gathered all Israel, and crossed the Jordan, and came to Hiram. The Arameans met David in battle and fought against him", Q: Is this true? (3) "10:18 The Arameans fled before the Israelites. David killed seven hundred charioteers of Aram and forty thousand horsemen, and he killed Shufa, the general of Aram. 10:19 When the kings who belonged to Hadadezer saw that they had been defeated by the Israelites, they made peace with the Israelites and returned to them. So the Arameans did not dare to help the Ammonites any more", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is. Is.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





