The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 49 Jacob exposes his family
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 49: Jacob exposes his family

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto any of the host of the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus in the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) The "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.

Genesis 49: All the sons inherited one side of Jacob (49:1-27)
1. "49:1 Jacob called his sons and said, "Come and gather yourselves together, so that I may tell you what will happen to you later." : (1) "So that I may tell you what will happen to you later"? Stupid pig, Jacob! Do you think you are a "prophet of the LORD"? You are a shameless beast. (2) Your sons are all adults of several tens of years old, and they have all witnessed your experiences themselves, and they all know that you are not a "prophet of the LORD" at all, and that you are a lying deceiver. No one will take your words about "things that will happen in the future" as "prophets, prophecies".

49:2 Gather yourselves together, sons of Jacob, and listen, and hear the words of your father Israel.
49:3 O Lupin, you are my firstborn son, born when I was strong, who should have been great in honour and power over all.
4. "49:4 But you will not have the first place when you are lustful and boil like water; for you have gone into your father's bed and defiled my couch." : (1) Lupin's "indulgence in lust and boiling like water" is a recreation of your lying and deceitfulness, a sign that your bad nature has been passed on to your son. Jacob, you have indulged your tongue in lying and deceiving out of selfishness, and you have never repented of it, showing that your desire to "do whatever it takes to get what you want" is like "boiling water" that has never cooled down. (2) Jacob, you have defiled the ears of "your father and your brother" with lies, and so your son has "defiled your couch". This is the cosmic law of the LORD that "good and evil will be rewarded". As a "prophet of the LORD", how could you not know this? (3) Jacob, you have corrupted your family by deceiving your brother and father with lies, so your sons will carry on your "evil habits" and do the same scandalous things you have done, which is genetic. As a "prophet of the Lord", you should know what will happen to you, don't you think? (4) Your sons know that you don't have "prophetic" powers, yet you always lie and deceive people with your "prophets of the LORD", and none of your sons really obey you. Stupid pig.

5. "49:5 Simeon and Levi were brothers, and their swords were instruments of cruelty." (1) "Simeon and Levi" used the sword to kill, which was a development and escalation of Jacob's cruelty to life. "Simeon and Levi" merely used the sword to show Jacob's evil heart to kill. (2) Jacob was a liar and lacked helpers, so he did not have the courage to kill with the sword. Jacob's sons were 12, so they had the courage to kill with the sword. (3) Your sons all know that you have no "prophetic" powers, yet you always lie and deceive with your "prophets of the LORD", and none of your sons really obey you. Stupid pig.

6. "49:6 My spirit, do not conspire with them; my heart, do not associate with them; for they kill people in their anger, and cut off the legs of oxen at will." : (1) This is Satan's "spellbinding drug", have you fallen for it? You agreed with Jacob's hypocritical words, you were fooled, you drank the "ecstasy". (2) Jacob, don't pretend to be a good man and shirk your responsibility. Whichever of your sons is at fault, it is because you have not taught them well. "Simeon and Levi killed with the sword, and you cannot shirk your responsibility; they only did what you wanted them to do, because you did not stop them beforehand, and you criticized them afterwards only for appearances. (3) "They killed in anger" without hearing your warning to stop them, so that "your spirit was complicit with them; your heart was in contact with them". (4) "Cut off the bull's legs and tendons at will", just as you lie and deceive at will. (5) All your sons know that you have no "prophetic" powers, yet you always lie and deceive with your "prophets of the LORD", and none of your sons really obey you. Stupid pig.

7. "49:7 Their anger is violent and cursed, their wrath is cruel and cursed! I will divide them in the house of Jacob, and scatter them in the land of Israel." : (1) Jacob, you dying liar. You are dying yourself, you can't even manage yourself, you don't even know that Joseph is not dead and that the famine is coming, so how can you "divide them in the house of Jacob and scatter them in the land of Israel"? Do you really think you are a "prophet of the Lord"? You are a disgraceful, stupid pig. (2) "Their anger is violent, their hatred is cruel" because of your genes, because you condone them, and you did not stop them. If you criticize "Simeon and Levi" in this way, they will certainly disobey you, because their "curseable and accursed" words and actions are done under your implication.

8. "49:8 Thy brethren shall praise thee, O Judah; thy hand shall be upon the neck of thine enemies; the sons of thy father shall bow down to thee." : (1) Jacob, your enemies are those whom you have deceived. The enemies of "Judah" are those who have been deceived by you, Jacob, and those who have been deceived by "Judah". Do you understand? Stupid pig. (2) Though the hand of Judas may hold the enemy by the neck, he will be killed by the sword in the enemy's hand. Understand? Stupid pig. (3) "Your father's sons will bow down to you" is nonsense. At least Simeon and Levi did not bow down to Judas because At least "Simeon and Levi" did not bow down to "Judah" because "Simeon and Levi" had the merit of taking the city of Shechem by the sword and the family of Israel. And Joseph will not bow down to Judah, for it was because of Joseph that your whole family had a place of refuge from the famine in Egypt. (4) Jacob, you will only disgust your sons by not speaking such unjust nonsense. Keep your mouth shut.

9. "49:9 Judah is a young lion; O my son, you take hold of food and go up. Bend down and lie down like a male lion and crouch like a female lion; who will dare to provoke you?" (1) "Simeon and Levi" dared to provoke "Judah", for they were devils who killed with the sword. (2) "Joseph" also dared to provoke "Judah" because this was Egypt, a place under "Joseph's" authority. (3) Jacob, you will only disgust your sons by not speaking such unjust nonsense. Keep your mouth shut.

49:10 The sword will not depart from Judah, nor the staff from between his feet, until Hierophant (note: "peace-giver") comes, and all the nations will be brought into subjection.
49:11 Judah tied his young donkey to the vine, and his colt to the good vine. He washed his clothes in wine and his robes in grape juice.
12. "49:12 His eyes shall be red with wine; his teeth shall be white and bright with milk." : (1) Jacob, you stupid pig! The words you spoke to "Judas" belonged to "Joseph" and not to "Judas". Even "Judah" would have been disgusted with you, for "Judah" knew that you were making fun of a beggar who had come to Egypt to escape the famine, and that you were making fun of, slandering and insulting the incompetent "Judah". (2) Jacob, these words of praise that you are giving to "Judas" should belong to "Joseph". Your ugly ignorance will only make your whole family hate you. Just keep your mouth shut.

13. "49:13 And Zebulun shall dwell at the mouth of the sea, and shall be a port of entry for ships; and his realm shall extend to Sidon." : (1) Jacob, stupid pig. Don't make fun of "Zebulun", he's a shepherd. (2) Shepherding is the ancestral business of the Israelites, isn't that what you say? Are you going to deport Zebulun to the sea? Don't you forget that you are going to die. Your sheep will not be accepted in the "port of call" because there are sheep in foreign countries. Do you understand? Stupid pig.

14. "49:14 And Issachar was a strong ass, lying in the midst of the sheepfold." (1) Jacob, "Issachar" you are the son, why do you curse him when you are dying? (2) "A strong donkey" does not go to the donkey pen, but "lies down in the sheepfold", and this is the culture of the house of Israel.

49:15 When he has made quietness his best, and fatness his best, he lowers his shoulders and carries his weight, and becomes a servant in suffering.
49:16 But he shall judge his people, and be one of the tribes of Israel.
49:17 But he shall be a serpent in the way, and a viper in the path, and shall bite the hoof of the horse, and cause the rider to fall behind.
18. "49:18 I have waited for your salvation, O LORD, from time to time." (1) Jacob is telling us that "Issachar" was possessed by a serpent and that the serpent was dominating his thinking. (2) "I have waited for your salvation, O LORD" shows that Jacob was a slave to the "idol" of "LORD". We all know that the "idol" that Jacob worshipped was Satan playing with him under the guise of Jehovah. (3) Jehovah's indoctrination is not to let people wait for salvation, but to become "a Christ with eyes like a flame, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". It is Satan's indoctrination that makes people unable to think for themselves, that makes them extremely dependent on the "idol" of Yahweh, that makes them "wait for the salvation of Yahweh".

19. "49:19 Gad will be pursued by the enemy, but he will pursue their heels." : (1) "Gad will be pursued by the enemy" means that "Gad" is a lying deceiver like you Jacob. If Gad was not a liar and a cheat, he was a rogue like a robber, otherwise, how could he have been "pursued by the enemy"? (2) "Gad" could not be a good and honorable man, and having invited the enemy to pursue him, not only could he not make peace with them, but he would have pursued their heels, and "Gad" would have been killed by a violent turn of the enemy, because "Gad Gad" was not wise enough to carry on the devilish thoughts of Jacob, which led to the enemy's army. (3) The enemy of "Gad" could only be Christ like Jesus, for Jesus was the enemy who revealed the "prophets of the Lord" (the Jewish priests).

20. "49:20 The land of Asher will produce fat grain and the delicacies of kings." (1) Jacob, your house is a shepherd of sheep, and the "fat grain of the land of Asher" is not trampled by the flock? (2) Jacob, are you saying that "Asher" will be a farmer in the field? Why don't you just say so? (3) The "king's delicacy" must not be the lamb, but only the shepherd's delicacy.

21. "49:21 Naphtali is a freed doe; he speaks the words of Jame." (1) "Naphtali was a freed doe", but not a free doe, which means that "Naphtali" was the one you were bullying, and when you died, "Naphtali" became You died, and "Naphtali" became "the freed doe". (2) "He spoke the words of Carmel", which means that he spoke lies without faith, and that "Naphtali" was a liar who was not to be listened to.

49:22 Joseph was a fruitful branch, a branch that bore much fruit by the spring; his branch poked out beyond the wall.
49:23 The archers afflicted him, and shot arrows at him, and persecuted him
24. "49:24 But his bow remained hard, and his hand was strong and swift, because of the Shepherd of Israel, the Rock of Israel, the Mighty One of Jacob": (1) This is Jacob pandering to "Joseph". (2) For this is the place over which "Joseph" has jurisdiction. (3) Jacob, you "prophet of the LORD", why didn't you "prophesy" like this before "Joseph" came to Egypt? You have been deceived by your sons, and your sons do not recognize you as a "prophet", so you should stop prophesying as a "prophet of the LORD". You should stop thinking of yourself as a "prophet of the Lord" prophesying about the future. (4) Your sons don't recognize you as a "prophet", so no one will take your nonsense as "prophecy", got it? Stupid pig.

25. "49:25 The God of your father will help you, and the Almighty will give you all the blessings of heaven, and the blessings of the earth, and the blessings of milk production." : (1) This is all a worthless "blank cheque", Satan's "ecstasy". Under the guise of satisfying man's desires, Satan is actually leading him into slavery. Jehovah made man to be a Christ like Jesus, not to satisfy man's selfish desires. (2) Dog-like beasts, this was Egypt, a place where the "sun god" was believed in. The Egyptians did not believe in "Jehovah" because you "prophets of Jehovah" are not only liars who lie and cheat, but also robbers who kill with the sword. (3) Dog-like beasts, this is Egypt, a place governed by the "sun god". Your family has been given life by the sun god, and not only have you ignored it, but you think it is the blessing of the Lord, and that such fools as you are devils who have lost their humanity.
(4) The God of your father Israel will help you to corrupt the law and lose your position in Egypt, because Israel is a lying, cheating robber whose God can only be the opposite of Yahweh, and cannot be the true Yahweh at all. (5) "All the blessings of heaven" can only be obtained by becoming a Christ like Jesus. Judaism knows that there are "all the blessings of heaven", but it is impossible to obtain them, because Judaism is the indoctrination of Satan, and can only obtain "all the blessings of hell", which are the opposite of "all the blessings of heaven (6) "all the blessings of the earth". (6) The "blessings hidden in the earth" are the essence of all kinds of plants, herbs, crops and fruits; it is only by being a vegetarian, abstaining from killing and eating meat that one can obtain the full "blessings hidden in the earth The Israelites could not enjoy the "earth" at all. The Israelites did not have access to the "blessings of the earth" at all because Judaism did not have a sense of "vegetarianism and abstinence from killing", and there was no explicit commandment to "eat vegetarianism and abstinence from killing". The devil's vices of "killing, taking, having more than two wives, lying, and drinking" all obliterate the "blessings hidden in the earth". (7) The human body is made of earth, and it consists of three parts: the soul, the soul of life, and the body. If you know what your "soul (Gog), soul (Magog) and body" are, you will be blessed with the "blessings hidden in the earth" and you will become a Christ like Jesus. If you do not receive the "blessings hidden in the earth", you will not receive "all the blessings of heaven". (8) The "blessing of milk production" is not to drink milk or goat's milk, but to gain the wisdom to know right from wrong, to become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron". (9) "All the blessings of heaven, the blessings hidden in the earth, and the blessings of milk production" are unique to the Christianity of Jesus, and are not available to the Judaism of Israel, and cannot be given to others by the "prophets of the Lord". (10) The last group of people that Jacob, the lying deceiver, deceived at the end of his life were his sons. This is evidence that the "prophets of the LORD" (the Jewish priests) were all satanic.

26. "49:26 The blessings of your father are better than the blessings of my fathers, as the mountains of eternity and the borders of the uttermost; they shall come upon the head of Joseph, and upon the top of him who is very different from his brothers." : (1) "The blessings which your father has blessed are better than the blessings which my fathers have blessed, as the mountains of eternity, and the borders of the uttermost", because Jacob deceived and killed more people than either his father or his grandfather, indicating that the satanic group in Jacob's house had grown much stronger. (2) "These blessings will come upon Joseph's head", which would have caused "Joseph" to go mad and thus make mistakes and lose his office. In fact, Joseph became mad when he met his brother. (3) The sign of Joseph's madness was a prelude to the "exodus" of the house of Israel: "45:5 Now do not feel sorry for yourself because you have sold me here, for God sent me before you to save lives. 45:7 God sent me before you to preserve a remnant for you in the world, and to give you great salvation and to preserve your lives. 45:8 So it was not you who sent me here, but God. And he has made me like the father of Pharaoh, the lord of his house, and the ruler of all the land of Egypt.45:9 Go up to my father with all haste, and say to him, Thus says Joseph your son, "God has made me lord over all Egypt." (4) I have seen many spokesmen of Satan, and when I would not give him the book they wanted to give out, he asked me why? I said: not to the bull. The Buddha's Dharma is boundless not to the uninitiated. Understand? Jehovah and Satan are like "day and night, up and down the highway", got it? Remember! If you don't remember, you are "haunted by demons".

27. "49:27 Benjamin is a ravening wolf; in the morning he will eat what he has caught, and by night he will divide what he has taken." : (1) Do you know, Jacob? This is the devil cursing through your mouth. (2) "Benjamin" was no longer the shepherd of Israel before he came to Egypt, but now he was the brother of the "half-brother" of the Egyptian prime minister, and all his needs were provided for by his prime ministerial brother. He no longer has to "eat what he has taken in the morning and share what he has taken in the evening" because Egypt is a region under the "sun god" and not a demonic cave ruled by the Jewish "Jehovah". (3) "In the morning they shall eat what he has taken, and in the evening they shall divide what he has taken" is the "Benjamin" before he came to Egypt. The "Benjamin" of those days was a hungry, ravenous wolf, because the vast area around Jerusalem was the "centre of the world" for Satan. (4) Jerusalem today is still a devil's den of "ravening wolves", a place torn apart by religion. There are now three main Jewish denominations: Orthodox, Conservative and Reform; there are dozens of other smaller denominations. In addition to Judaism, there is also Christianity and Islam. Where is the world's number one ghetto? Jerusalem is the only "world's number one", and nowhere is there more religious confusion than in Jerusalem.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 49: The Burial of Jacob's Will (49:28-33)
28. "49:28 All these are the twelve tribes of Israel; and these are the words which their father spoke to them, and the blessings which he blessed for them, according to the blessings of each one." : (1) The twelve sons of Israel, and there were twelve tribes. (2) The "blessing" given by Israel to the 12 sons was to congratulate them on becoming spokesmen for the promotion of Satan's teachings under the guise of Yahweh, for they were heirs of the lying and deceitful Israel, and they all had the lying and deceitful genes. (3) In effect all received the infection of the satanic virus of Israel, and the 12 men formed a satanic group.

49:29 And he commanded them, saying, "I will return to my fathers, and you will bury me in a cave in the field of Ephron the Hittite, in the same place as my father and my fathers.
49:30 which was in the land of Canaan, in front of the Mantle, between the fields of Mephera, which Abraham bought from Ephron the Hittite as a possession and as a burial place.
49:31 There they buried Abraham and Sarah his wife, and there they buried Isaac and Rebekah his wife, and there I buried Leah.
49:32 The field and the hole between the fields were originally bought from the Hittites."
33. "49:33 When Jacob had finished instructing his sons, he put his feet up on his bed, and died with his breath, and went to his fathers (note: "the people" in the original)." (1) Israel, your sons know that you are not a "prophet", that you are not as wise as a normal person, and that your sons know that you will not go to heaven because you are a lying deceiver and a murderous robber. We all know from reading Genesis that the so-called "prophet of the Lord" is nothing but a minion of Satan. (2) Israel, you have not told the Israelites that lying and deceiving in life will result in the civil servants of hell "cutting out their tongues and gouging out their hearts" after death. How could you, as a "prophet of the LORD", not know this? You are really not a "prophet of the LORD", but a demon who is trying to confuse people under the guise of the LORD. (3) Israel, you have not yet told the Israelites that if they eat the flesh of animals in their lifetime, they will be avenged by the "steel-tongued" animals of hell who "eat human flesh". How is it that you, as a "prophet of the Lord", do not know such things? It is clear that you are not a "prophet of the LORD", but a demon that compels people under the guise of the LORD. (4) You Jews cannot go to hell without a Christ. In order to cover up your ugly ignorance, all sectarian gods other than yours are considered "unholy", and your true nature as "mean, malicious, narrow-minded and selfish" demons is revealed.
(5) After Christianity became a legitimate religion recognized by the Roman Emperor during the reign of Constantine the Great (272-337), Christianity to this day does not see the Old Testament as a book of scripture showing the face of the devil, nor does it carry on the realm of thought in which Jesus rebuked the Jews, and all Christian groups "do not let Christians be Christ All Christian groups "do not allow Christians to be Christ", but rather make Christians shepherds of "priests", which shows that Christianity is a complete inheritance of Jewish doctrine, that Judaizers under the guise of Christianity are dominating Christianity, and that the "Christianity of Jesus" This shows that the "Christianity of Jesus" not only exists in name only, but has also become a tool for Judaism to abuse Jesus and promote Judaism. (6) The framework of the New Testament was provided by the disciples of Jesus, and every article in it was compiled by the "church group" because they were the official, legal order, and they alone were qualified to compile the Bible, so it can be asserted that there must be "lies" added by the "church group Therefore, it can be concluded that there must be "lies" added by the "church group". The "lies" added to the New Testament by the church group can only be discovered by understanding the book of Revelation and Genesis, but without understanding the book of Revelation and Genesis, one cannot identify the adulterated passages without having "eyes like fire".

(1) Jacob's (Israel's) deathbed commentary on each of his 12 sons is a "play on words" given by the LORD to the reader, and can also be called "Satan's ecstasy", all to make people think that Jacob was "The purpose of these words is to make you think of Jacob as a "prophet of the LORD". (2) If you don't read the previous text and don't know who Jacob was from the beginning to the end, but only read this one, you will think of Jacob as a "prophet of the LORD", which means that you have become a devil who has been tested, because there are plenty of facts that prove that Jacob was not a "prophet of the LORD" at all, but was possessed by Satan "but a puppet possessed by Satan].

Li Huaizhu Posted on 18 Sep 2017 16:36pm 19 Sep 11:40 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






