The Bible Old Testament, Chapter 10, 2 Samuel, True Commentary, Chapter 13: "Absalom" kills the adulterous sister of "Hinnom"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Part of the original text: "Absalom" kills the adulterous sister of "Hinnom"
13:1 And Absalom, David's son, had a beautiful sister named Shema, whom Hinnom, David's son, loved.
13:2 And he was sick with anxiety for her, his sister. Shema was still a virgin, and he thought it would be difficult to act towards her.
13:3 And he had a friend named Jonadab, the son of Shechemiah, David's eldest brother, who was extremely cunning.
13:4 He asked him, "O son of the king, why is he growing thinner and thinner every day? Please tell me." And Darkon answered and said to him, "I love hermah, the sister of my brother Absalom."
13:5 Then Jonadab said, "Why don't you lie down on your bed and pretend to be sick, and when your father comes to see you, say to him, 'Please, Father, call my sister Tamar to come and prepare food before my eyes and hand it to me to eat, so that I may see it and take it from her hand and eat it.'"
13:6 Then Hinnom lay down and pretended to be sick. When the king came to see him, he said to the king, "Ask the Father to call my sister Tamar to come and make two loaves of bread for me before my eyes, so that I may take them from her hand and eat them."
13:7 Then David sent to the palace and said to Tamar, "Go to the house of your brother Hinnom, and prepare food for him."
13:8 So Tamar went to the house of her brother, Hannah, who was lying down. Shema gathered flour and made bread before his eyes, and baked it.
13:9 and poured it out of the pan before him. But he refused to eat it, and said, "Leave me, all of you, and go out!" And all the people left him and went out.
13:10 Then Darkon said to Tamar, "Take the food into the bedroom, so that I may take it from your hand and eat it." So Tamar took the bread that she had made into her bedroom and went to her brother Hannah.
13:11 and took the bread and went up to him and gave it to him to eat. Then he took hermah and said, "My sister, come and sleep with me."
13:12 Shema said, "My brother, do not dishonour me. It is not proper among the Israelites to do so; do not do this scandalous deed.
13:13 How can I cover my shame when you have dishonoured me? You have become a fool among Israel. You may ask the king, and he will not forbid me to return to you."
13:14 But Hinnom refused to listen to her, and because he was stronger than she was, he defiled her and slept with her.
13:15 Afterwards, she hated her with a passion. He hated her even more than he had loved her before. He said to her, "Get up and go away!"
13:16 Shema said, "Don't do this! This sin which you have cast out of me is worse than what you have only done." But Hannah refused to listen to her.
13:17 So she called her servant who was serving her, and said, "Throw this woman out! As soon as she goes out, close and bolt the door."
13:18 At that time she was dressed in a coloured dress, as all unmarried princesses are dressed. So the servants of Darkon drove her out, and shut and barred the door.
13:19 Shema threw dust on her head, tore the coloured garment she was wearing, and held her head in her hands while she walked and cried out.
13:20 Her brother Absalom asked her, "Is it possible that your brother Hinnom has become close to you? My sister, keep silent for a while; he is your brother; do not take this to heart." And Shema lived alone in the house of her brother Absalom.
13:21 When King David heard this, he was very angry.
13:22 And Absalom did not speak kindly or unkindly to his brother, Hamon, whom he hated because he had dishonoured his sister, Tamar.
13:23 And it came to pass after two years, that at Baal Shazor, which was near Ephraim, some men were shearing wool for Absalom, and Absalom asked all the king's sons to go with him.
13:24 And Absalom came to the king and said, "Now someone is shearing the wool for the servant, and the king and the king's servants are asked to go with the servant."
13:25 The king said to Absalom, "My son, we need not all go, lest it should cost you too much." And Absalom asked the king again and again, but still the king refused to go, and only blessed him.
13:26 Then he said to him, "If the king will not go, I beg the king to allow my brother Hinnom to go with him." The king said, "Why should he go?"
13:27 And Absalom asked the king again and again, and the king granted permission for Conium and all the king's sons to go with him.
13:28 And Absalom commanded his servants, saying, "Take heed, when I say to you, 'Kill Conium,' while you see Conium drinking and enjoying himself, and kill him without fear. Is this not what I commanded you? Be brave and courageous."
13:29 So the servants of Absalom did as Absalom had commanded them, and they went to Hinnom. And all the king's sons arose, and each one mounted a mule and fled.
13:30 While they were still on the road, a whisper came to David, saying, "Absalom has killed all the king's sons, and has left none behind."
13:31 Then the king arose, tore his clothes, and lay down on the ground. All the king's servants also tore their clothes and stood by.
13:32 Then Jonadab son of Shemya, David's eldest brother, said, "My lord, do not think that all the king's sons, the young men, have been killed, and that only one of them, Darkon, has died. It had been Absalom's intention to kill him since the day he defiled her, Absalom's sister, Tamar.
13:33 Now my lord and my king, do not take this to heart, thinking that all the king's sons are dead, and that only Darkon is dead."
13:34 And Absalom fled. The young men on watch lifted up their eyes and saw a great multitude coming up the road from the hillside.
13:35 And Jonadab said to the king, "Behold! All the king's sons have come, and it is true that they match what your servant said."
13:36 When he had finished speaking, all the king's sons arrived and cried out with a loud voice. And the king and his servants wept with great mourning.
13:37 And Absalom fled to Dabai the son of Amichu, king of Kishon. David mourned for his son every day.
13:38 And Absalom fled to Kishon, and dwelt there three years.
13:39 After the death of Darkon, King David was comforted and missed Absalom with all his heart.

Expository section.
10-98, (1) "13:1 And Absalom, David's son, had a beautiful sister named Shema, whom David's son Conium loved. 13:2 And Conium became sick with anxiety for her, his sister. Shema was a virgin, and he thought it would be difficult to do anything to her", Q. Is this true? (2) "13:4 And he asked Hinnom, saying, "O son of the king, why is he growing thinner and thinner every day? Tell me, please. And he answered and said to him, "I love hermah, the sister of my brother Absalom", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-99. (1) "13:5 And Jonadab said, Why don't you lie down on your bed and pretend to be sick, and your father will come to see you, and say to him, Ask the Father to call my sister Tamar, and prepare food before my eyes, and give it to me to eat, that I may see it, and take it from her hand and eat it", Q: Is that so? (2) "13:6 Then Hinnom lay down and pretended to be sick. When the king came to see him, he said to him, "Father, please call my sister, Tamar, and make me two loaves of bread before my eyes, so that I may take them from her hand and eat them. Then David sent to the palace, and said to Tamar, "Go to the house of your brother Conium, and prepare food for him," and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-100, (1) "13:9 And poured out the bread out of the pot before him. But he refused to eat, and said, All leave me and go out! And all the people left him and went out". Q: Is that so? (2) "13:10 Then Darkon said to Tamar, "Take the food into the bedroom, that I may take it from your hand and eat it. And shema took the bread which she had made into her bedroom, and went to her brother, and took it, and went up to him, and gave it to him to eat. Then he took hold of Tamar and said, "My sister, come and sleep with me," and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-101, (1) "13:12 And Shema said, My brother, do not dishonour me. It is not proper to do this among the children of Israel; do not do this scandal. 13:13 How shall I cover my shame, when you have dishonoured me? You have become a fool among Israel. You may ask the king, and he will not forbid me to return to you", Q: Is that so? (2) "13:14 But Hannah refused to listen to her, and because she was stronger than she was, she defiled her and slept with her. 13:15 Then Hannah hated her with all her heart. He hated her even more than he had loved her before. He said to her, "Get up and go away!" Ask, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. And because the "dark child" realized that she had sinned greatly, "her heart hated her more than her heart had loved her before".

10-102, (1) "13:16 Shema said, "Don't do this! This sin which you have cast out of me is worse than what you have just done. 13:17 But Hannah refused to listen to her, 13:17 and called her servants who were serving her, saying, "Cast this woman out! As soon as she is gone, shut and bolt the door", and asked, "Is that so? (2) "13:18 Then she was dressed in a coloured dress, as all unmarried princesses are dressed. 13:19 And shema threw dust on her head, and tore the coloured garment which she wore, and held her head in her hands, and walked and cried". Answer: "Shema" was being set up, and this was a ploy by "Jonadab" to help "Absalom" to get rid of him.
10-103, (1) "13:20 And his brother Absalom asked her, saying, "Is it possible that your brother, Hinnom, has become intimate with you? Be silent for the present, my sister; he is your brother; do not take this to heart. And shema lived alone in the house of her brother Absalom", and asked, "Is that so? (2) "13:21 When King David heard this, he was very angry", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes, "Absalom" had succeeded. (2) "Absalom" deliberately let David know about it.
10-104. (1) "13:22 And Absalom did not speak kindly or unkindly to his brother Hannah, because she had dishonoured her sister, and so Absalom hated him", Q: Is this true? (2) "13:27 And Absalom begged the king again and again, and the king granted permission to Conium and all the king's sons to go with him", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) "Absalom" hated him because he was prevented from becoming king. (2) Yes.

10-105, (1) "13:28 And Absalom commanded his servants, saying, Take heed to yourselves, when I say to you, 'Kill Darkon,' when you see him drinking and enjoying himself, and do not be afraid to kill him. Is this not what I command you? 13:29 So the servants of Absalom did what Absalom had commanded them, and they did it to Conium. And all the king's sons arose, and each one mounted a mule and fled", Q: Is that so? (2) "13:30 And a whisper came to David that Absalom had killed all the king's sons, leaving none behind. 13:31 Then the king arose, and tore his clothes, and lay down on the ground. And all the king's servants also tore their clothes and stood by" and asked, Is this so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) This is the devil insulting the wise and powerful David with a lie.
10-106, "13:32 And Jonadab son of Shemya, David's eldest brother, said, "My lord, do not think that all the king's sons and young men have been killed, but that only Hinnom alone has died. From the day that he defiled hermah, the sister of Absalom, Absalom had determined to kill him. 13:33 Now my lord and my king, do not take this to heart, thinking that all the king's sons are dead, and that only Absalom is dead", Q: Is that so? (2) "13:35 And Jonadab said to the king, Behold! All the king's sons have come, and it is true that they are in accordance with what your servant said", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-107, (1) "13:37 And Absalom fled to Dabai the son of Ammihud king of Kishon. David mourned for his son every day", Q: Is that so? (2) "13:38 And Absalom fled to Kishri, and stayed there three years. 13:39 And after the death of Meinron, King David was comforted, and his heart missed Absalom with all his heart". Answer: Yes. Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 28 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei

























































































