The Bible Old Testament 1 True Exposition of Genesis 32 Wisdom over fear is Israel
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 32 Jacob Feared Esau (32:1-12)
1. "32:1 And Jacob went on his way, and the angel of God met him." : (1) There was a taiyouk of the year, and the taiyouk was an angel. There is one angel for each of the 12 months of the year. one angel for each of the 30 days of a month. There is one angel for each of the 24 hours of the day and night, one for every two hours, and 12 angels for each of the 24 hours. There is a "day-inspector" who inspects the good and evil of the world during the day, and a "night-inspector" who inspects the good and evil of the world at night. (2) Each mountain, large or small, has a "mountain god", and each "mountain god" is a messenger sent by the Lord to govern the mountain. For every village and every local area there is a "god of the land", and the "god of the land" is a messenger sent by the LORD to govern that place. For each city there is a "city god", and each "city god" is a messenger sent by the LORD to govern the city. (3) All kinds of Satan change, and they have the power to change into angels. If you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", you are not qualified and able to recognise "angels as true or false". (4) You do not have these "angelic" names in Judaism because you are ignorant. Just as you do not recognise the holiness of China, but the holiness of China is such that you cannot catch up with China in any way. (5) Jacob, you are such a "robber" that you can only meet the messenger of the evil god Satan, not the messenger of the right god Yahweh, because you are the spokesman of Satan.

2. "32:2 When Jacob saw them, he said, "These are the soldiers of God." So he called the name of the place Mahanaim (note: it means "two soldiers")." : (1) Who do you think you are, Jacob? You are not a prophet of the LORD, for you do not know the things to come. Neither your father nor your grandfather is a prophet; you are a family of liars and deceivers. (2) Jacob, you are an ungrateful, robbing "robber", you are a lying, cheating liar, you are an exterminating devil, and you see only the soldiers of Satan for a while. Do you understand? Stop thinking of yourself as a "prophet of the LORD", for we all know that you are a notorious pig.

32:3 And Jacob sent them first to the land of Seir, the land of Edom, to Esau his brother.
32:4 and commanded them, saying, "Say to my lord Esau, 'Thus says your servant Jacob, I have taken up my abode with Laban until now.
5. "32:5 I have oxen, and asses, and flocks of sheep, and servants, and now I send to report to my lord, that I may be gracious in your sight." (1) The purpose of calling his brother "my lord" and himself "your servant Jacob" was to elevate his status and lower his own personality so that he could accommodate him. (2) This is the devil's idea, the devil's wisdom to paralyse people. The little devil does this when he sees the big devil. (3) Jacob had no choice but to run away and return because he had done "theft" and feared reprisals from others. He had lied to his brother and deceived him, and he fled because his brother wanted to kill him. The original "fugitive" had to lower his posture today because he had deceived his maternal uncle and had returned.

32:6 The men whom he had sent returned to Jacob, saying, "We have come to your brother Esau, and he is coming to meet you with four hundred men."
32:7 Then Jacob was very fearful and troubled, and he divided the population that was with him into two groups, along with the flocks, the herds, and the camels.
32:8 saying, "If Esau comes and kills this group, the remaining group can still escape."
9. "32:9 And Jacob said, O LORD God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, you have said to me, Go back to your native land, and I will treat you well." (1) "The God of your father Abraham, the God of my father Isaac" is not Yahweh, because Yahweh is not "private" to any one person at all, but is the common, shared mother of all mankind, and therefore Yahweh does not come to anyone's house. The only person who will come to your house is the opposite of Yahweh, the "Satanic one". (2) You have taken Yahweh, who is "common to all mankind", to be "the God of your father Abraham and the God of my father Isaac", which is a manifestation of the selfishness of all three generations of your family. (3) "Go back to your local area. (3) "Go back to your local clan and I will treat you well" is what the devil said, because you miss your family. You are homesick, so the devil says so. The devil will give you whatever you want, so that he can take you by the hand. Do you understand? Jacob, you robber.

32:10 For all the kindness and honesty that you have shown your servant, I am not worthy of anything. I previously crossed this Jordan only with my staff, but now I am a double team.
11. "32:11 Deliver me from the hand of Esau my brother, for I fear that he will come and kill me, even my wife and my children." (1) Come here, Jacob, let me ask you, is Esau not your brother of one parent? Why did you "fear that he would come and kill you, and that he would kill your wife and your children with you"? What did you do to wrong your brother? (2) If you had not done anything wrong to your brother, how could you have been "afraid that he would come and kill you, and that he would kill your wife and children with you"? You must have cleverly robbed your brother of something, right? Because that is what you did with your maternal uncle Laban, and we all know your character and can guess what you would have done. You have become a notorious "robber".

12. "32:12 Thou hast said, Surely I will treat thee well, and make thy seed as numerous as the sand of the seashore." : (1) This is a lie that the devil gives to his minions, just as you lie to everyone. Understand? Liar. (2) When you went to Laban to escape, you had nothing, and your maternal uncle Laban took you in for the sake of your mother, and you have a large family and many possessions with Laban today, and how did you treat your maternal uncle? You have treated Laban with the kind of words and deeds that only a "robber" would do! (3) Jacob, you are a devil of a human being. You are the devil who corrupts the LORD's teaching, and you are the devil who promotes Satan's teaching under the guise of the LORD. Do you understand?

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 32 Sending gifts to Esau (32:13-21)
32:13 That night, when Jacob was lodging there, he took gifts from all his possessions to give to his brother Esau: and he said.
32:14 two hundred female goats, twenty male goats, two hundred female sheep, and twenty male sheep.
32:15 thirty camels with their young, each with its young; forty female cows, ten male cows, twenty female donkeys, and ten donkey foals.
32:16 And each of these was given to a herd under the servants, and he said to them, "Go before me, so that the herds may be separated from each other and have room to spare."
32:17 And he commanded those who went first to do so, saying, "When my brother Esau met you, he asked you, 'Which family are you from? Where are you going? Whose are these before you?'
32:18 Then you said, 'They are your servant Jacob's, a gift to my lord Esau, who himself is behind us.'"
32:19 And he commanded the second and the third, and all the herd-keepers, saying, "When you meet Esau, say the same to him.
20. "32:20 And you shall say, Your servant Jacob is behind us. For Jacob said in his heart, I will relieve him of his hatred by the gift that went before me, and then I will see him again, or he will accommodate me." (1) The use of the words "Jacob your servant" was to anesthetize his brother in order to get him to forgive him for his sin of lying and deceiving. But Jacob had no desire to make a sincere apology, but only wanted to cover his sin of deceit with possessions and humility, and never to deceive again, which is the stubborn mind of the devil. (2) For Jacob knew that his brother Esau did not care about his reputation for the sake of the present, and "relieved him of his hatred by the gift that went before him". (3) When Esau saw so many gifts, he was ashamed to mention his hatred for Jacob's deception of him in the past. This is the "psychology" that every deceiver knows.
32:21 So the gifts passed first. That night Jacob stayed in the group.

Genesis 32 Jacob wrestled with his own shadow and prevailed (32:22-26)
32:22 And he arose by night, and took his two wives, his two ambassadors, and his eleven sons, and crossed over to Jabbok's ferry.
32:23 and sent them first across the river, and all the others over.
24. "32:24 Jacob alone was left. A man came and wrestled with him until the dawn." : (1) Having cheated his father out of his blessing 20 years earlier in the name of his brother Esau, he was now back and about to face his brother, who he feared would take revenge on him. (2) "There was a man" is not true, but a reason for his brother to take revenge on him. (3) "A man came and wrestled with him until the dawn" is a metaphor for Jacob's own conflicted feelings until the dawn.

25. "32:25 When the man saw that he could not prevail against him, he touched him in the pit of his thigh; and Jacob's thigh pit was twisted while he was wrestling." (1) "The man saw that he could not prevail against him" shows that Jacob knew his brother's character of "not caring about his reputation for the sake of the present" and thought that he would be able to gain his brother's understanding by giving him a gift. This shows that Jacob is confident. (2) "The fossa of the thigh" refers to the scrotum, the sexual organ of man. (2) "And he touched him in the pit of his thighs" means that Jacob thought of the fact that they were both brothers born of the same parents. (3) Jacob thought of the fact that he and his brother were siblings born of one parent, and Jacob should have affectionately addressed Esau as his brother to show that they still had brotherly affection. If Jacob did not even dare to address Esau as brother, "Jacob's thigh-well was twisting as he was wrestling", there would have been no brotherly affection and he would have become increasingly estranged, for Jacob did not have the idea of sincerely apologizing for lying to his brother.

26. "32:26 And the man said, Let me go, for it is dawn! And Jacob said, I will not allow you to go unless you give me your blessing." (1) "Let me go when the day dawns" means that Jacob had really thought about it and the shadow of worry had been lifted from his heart. (2) "I will not allow you to go unless you give me your blessing." This means that Jacob overcame his worries with wisdom and dispelled the shadow of conflict in his heart, and of course he wanted his blessing. It shows that Jacob was full of confidence.

True Commentary on Genesis 32 Gog gives the name Israel (32:27-26)
32:27 The man said, "What is your name?" And he said, "My name is Jacob."
28, "32:28 Then the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men." : (1) Man's flesh was made by God, and the wisdom of this life is learned by himself. The fact that man overcomes his fears with the clever wisdom he has learned shows that man is not only flesh, but also has a great wisdom that is equal to that of God, and this is "victory in the contest with God". (2) The "contest with God" is in the sense that he himself, by his wise words and deeds (giving his brother many possessions, addressing him as "master", humbly calling himself "his brother's servant" (2) In the sense of wisdom, he knew that his brother had a bad nature of "caring only for what is in front of him and not for his name", and thus overcame his fears and saved himself from physical calamity. (3) There is a "kinship and subordination" between people, and to use that "kinship and subordination" to dispel one's worries is to "win the battle with man". (4) The person who "has won the battle with God and with men" is "called Israel", and is "Israel". (5) He who overcomes worry with wisdom and becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", such a person is "victorious against both God and man", and such a person " Such a one is "called Israel" and is "Israel". (6) No matter which religion you study, as long as you do not become "the Christ who has abandoned the boat and come ashore", you will have the fear of going to hell, and you will be "defeated in your struggle with God and with men". You are not "Israel", you are not "Israel", you are only a slave of the devil. (7) You have not become "the Christ who abandoned the boat and disembarked", you do not have to worry about going to hell, because you are a "seminary graduate priest", you are a slave and a deceitful instrument who has been deceived by a higher demon, and therefore you are " You cannot be "called Israel", you are not "Israel", you are only a lackey and spokesman for the devil.

29. "32:29 And Jacob asked him, saying, "Tell me your name. The man said, "Why ask my name? So he blessed Jacob there." (1) Jacob, I am Li Huaizhu of China, and I will tell you who is the name of the man who "wrestled with you", "the man" being your own "worry" (concern, shadow), the Magog (the shadow) of your life. It is your Magog (soul, body) in this life, not Jehovah at all. (2) The one who provides you with the wisdom to deal with the preliminary groundwork and remove your worries is your Gog (the spirit, the body of the law), not Yahweh at all.

30. "32:30 Then Jacob named the place Nuihleh (note: it means "face of God"), which means, "I have seen God face to face, and my life is still preserved." : (1) This is a "test" from the LORD, a deliberate attempt by Jacob, the devil, to mislead you and see if you will believe it. If you do, you are "blind without ears". (2) The Gods whom we have seen "face to face" are in us, Gog (the God of the elements, the body of the law, the spirit) and Magog (the soul of life, the body of the reward, the spirit), who are "one with God". (3) If you know who your Gog is, you are "God who has seen you face to face", and you can see any angel in heaven at any time, because you have become Christ. If you do not know who your Gog is, you do not have a "face to face God", nor can you see any angel in heaven at any time, which means that you have become a slave of the devil. (4) You have not become a righteous man like Cain or Nimrod, nor have you become a Christ like Jesus, but the "God you have seen face to face" is a change from "Satan's time" to deceive you. This means that you are a slave who has gone astray. (5) Only when you become a righteous man like Cain or Nimrod, or a Christ like Jesus, can you let "my life be preserved". ".

31. "32:31 When the sun was just coming up, Jacob passed by □Nuil, and his thigh was lame." (1) "And his thigh was lame" is a "test question" from the LORD, and if you believe it, you are "blind without ears". Your mind is "crippled". (2) Beast, feel your "thighs" and see if you are "lame"! It's not like you fell and hit your thighs, so how can you "limp"? This means that you are thoughtless "walking corpses, zombies", that you are minions of the devil who have gone astray, and that you have drunk Satan's "ecstasy". (3) Jacob had no thought of giving his brother a sincere apology, but only wanted to bribe him to allow him to live here, showing that they had no brotherly love.

32. "32:32 Therefore the Israelites did not eat the sinews of the fossa of their thighs until this day, because the man had touched the sinews of Jacob's thighs." : (1) This was the sorrow of the Israelites. (2) It shows that none of them understood the "backwards thinking" method used by Yahweh in Genesis to teach the doctrine, indicating that they were misled and misinterpreted the scriptures of Genesis.
(1) Anyone who does not have Jesus' level of understanding will not be able to understand the book of Genesis, nor will he be able to understand the vast number of "questions" in it. (2) Only those who have the power of Jesus, who are familiar with the devil's methods, can understand the vast number of questions in Genesis and not be misled by the "word games". (3) After Jesus had his miraculous powers, he read Genesis and realized that the Jewish people had misinterpreted Genesis and the whole "Old Testament", so Jesus launched an attack against the Jewish devilish group, and Jesus was thus antagonized by Judaism, which eventually killed him.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 3 Sep 2017 11:53pm 3 Sep 18:50 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






