The Bible Old Testament 1 True Exposition of Genesis 44 Joseph deceives his brothers
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down and worship those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. The teaching of the Lord, who "makes Christians Christ", is the opposite.
Genesis 44 Joseph lies and deceives (44:1-15)
44:1 And Joseph commanded his household, saying, "Fill the pockets of these men with as much grain as their donkeys can carry, and put each man's silver in his pocket.
2. "44:2 and put my silver cup in the young man's pocket, along with the silver that the young man had gathered for grain. So the householder did as Joseph had said": (1) Joseph told the householder to put the silver cup in Benjamin's pocket in advance, in preparation for leaving Benjamin behind after he had searched for it. (2) The "prank" of "framing someone for a crime" reflects Joseph's cunning and treacherous nature and shows that the honest and good-hearted young Joseph was already dead.

44:3 As soon as it was light, he sent the men away with the donkeys.
44:4 When they had gone a short distance out of the city, Joseph said to the scribe, "Get up! Go after those men, and when you have caught up with them, say to them, 'Why do you repay good with evil?
5. "44:5 Is not this the cup from which my master drank? Is it not his cup for divination? You have done evil by doing this." (1) This is Joseph's farce of "framing someone", a masterpiece of the deceiver. (2) "Is it not for his divination?" indicates that Joseph could "divine" and fooled his brothers with lies. (3) If Joseph had been the righteous man he was when he was a young boy, he would have talked to his brothers and introduced himself to them and then confessed his experiences in Egypt, and there would have been no need for these "lying and deceiving farces". However, the fact that these dramas had to be staged meant that Joseph was no longer the "servant" he had been when he first came to Egypt; he had lost his youthful innocence and had joined the satanic gene sequence that all "Israelites" had.
44:6 The scribe caught up with them and spoke these words to them.
44:7 They answered, "Why does my lord say such things? Your servant must not do such a thing.
44:8 See, how can we steal gold and silver from your master's house, when we have brought you back from the land of Canaan the silver that we saw in our pockets before?
44:9 And whosoever of thy servants shall search it out in the house of thy master, let him die, and we will be slaves of my lord."
44:10 The scribe of the house said, "Now do as you say! In whomever it is searched out, he will be my slave, and all the rest will be without sin."
44:11 So they each hurriedly unloaded their pockets on the ground, and each one opened them.
44:12 So the slaughterer searched, from the elder to the younger, and the cup was found in Benjamin's pockets.
13. "44:13 So they tore their clothes, and every man carried his pack on an ass, and went back to the city." (1) The Israelites' "tearing of their clothes" was a sign of ignorance and a scandalous extreme. (2) Not caring for things and damaging them wantonly is punishable by the LORD. Don't you "prophets of the LORD" know that? This means that you have been abandoned by the LORD and that you have taken Satan for the LORD!
44:14 Judah and his brothers came to Joseph's house, while he was still there, and they fell on their faces before him.
15. "44:15 Joseph said to them, "What have you done? Do you not know that a man like me will be able to divine?" : (1) "The eye lies and deceives," which is the genetic heritage of Jacob's family, and now Joseph has become the lying heir of Jacob. (2) Ninety-nine percent of those who are "able to divine" are liars who lie and cheat under the guise of divination, and they are all "Satan's men of the hour" who are compelling people. (3) "Do you not know that a man like me will be able to divine" shows that Joseph was a liar and a deceiver under the guise of divination. For everyone around Joseph knew that he could not divine.
Genesis 44 Judah introduces his family to Joseph (44:16-33)
16. "44:16 And Judah said, What shall we say to my Lord? What else is there to say? How can we confess it ourselves? God has found out the sins of the servants, and we are slaves of my Lord, along with him who searched out the cup in his hand." (1) It was Judas who said "God has found out the sins of his servants" when it was Joseph's "householder" who had found out their sins. (2) The fact that the Israelites spoke of "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of the "idol". They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has been incorporated into their blood. (3) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are "This means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "think that what is not true is true and that what is false is true". (4) "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.
17. "44:17 And Joseph said, "I will not do this, but whoever finds the cup in his hand will be my slave; and you, you may go up to your father in peace." (1) For "Benjamin" was born of the same mother as Joseph, and the others were of the same father, and that is why "Benjamin" was left behind. (2) But you devils, who are murderers of life, go up to your father in peace.
44:18 Judas came near to him and said, "My Lord, let your servant speak a word to my Lord, and do not be angry with him, for you are like Pharaoh.
44:19 My Lord had asked the servants, 'Do you have a father or a brother?'
44:20 We said to my Lord, 'We have a father, who is old, and a little child born to him in his old age. His brother is dead, and his mother has left him alone, and his father loves him.'
44:21 Say to your servant, 'Bring him to me, that I may see him with my own eyes.'
44:22 We said to our Lord, 'The boy must not leave his father; if he does, his father will die.'
44:23 You said to your servant, 'If your little brother does not come down with you, you shall not see my face again.'
44:24 We went up to your servant our father, and told him the words of our Lord.
44:25 Our father said, 'Go again and gather me some grain.'
44:26 Then we said, 'We cannot go down, but if our little brother goes with us, we can go down, for if our little brother does not go with us, we shall not see the face of the man.'
44:27 Your servant my father said to us, 'You know that my wife has given me two sons
28. "44:28 One left me and went out; and I said, "He must have been torn in pieces, and to this day I have not seen him." (1) Jacob, what kind of "prophet of the LORD" do you think you are when you see Joseph's bloody clothes and think that he has been "torn to pieces" when in fact he was sold by his brothers to Egypt? You are ugly and ignorant. (2) Jacob, as a "prophet of the LORD", why did you not know that Joseph's brothers would sell him to Egypt? Why did the LORD not tell you? Because you have been abandoned by the LORD, understand? Stupid pig. (3) Jacob, what you saw before was not the real Jehovah, but Satan in the guise of Jehovah, got it? Stupid pig. (4) Jacob, you don't have a yardstick to distinguish the true from the false, you don't even have the sense to distinguish the true from the false, because you are "of Satan's time", got it? Do you understand?
44:29 Now you will take this one away from me, and if he is harmed, then you will send me down to Sheol with gray hair and misery.'
44:30 My father's life is bound up with the life of this child, and now I return to your servant my father, and if the child is not with us
44:31 When our father sees that there is no child, he will die. This is how we have caused your servant our father to go down to Sheol, gray-haired and miserable.
44:32 For the servant has promised my father for the boy, saying, 'If I do not bring him back to my father, I will be guilty before him forever.'
44:33 Now let the servant stay, and be a slave to my lord for the boy, and let the boy go up with his brothers.
34. "44:34 If the boy does not go with me, how can I go up to my father? I am afraid I will see a plague on my father." : (1) "The plague has come on your father Jacob", it is the LORD who punishes him, does it need to be said? (2) The LORD would not let him die too soon; Jacob was an actor in the theatre of the LORD, and though the theatre of Genesis was drawing to a close, there were still a few scenes of him left to be played out. Satan, like Jacob, was the "accompanist and target" for Christ's achievement.
(1) The fact that the Israelites spoke of "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become They were no longer aware that "Jehovah" was an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" was already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" has been incorporated into their blood. (2) The Jews themselves are not aware that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols". "This means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "think that what is not true is true and that what is false is true". (3) "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized and demonic, reduced to devils in human skin.
Li Huaizhu Published on 12 Sep 2017 21:05 am 13 Sep 09:40 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article