The Bible, Old Testament, 1 Samuel 9, True Commentary, Chapter 31 Judaism today still abuses "Saul"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

31:1 The Philistines fought against the Israelites. The Israelites fled before the Philistines, and there were slain and fallen at Gilboe.
31:2-4, "31:2 And the Philistines pursued Saul and his sons, and slew Jonathan, Abinadab, and Melchishua, the sons of Saul. 31:3 And they were so strong that Saul was overtaken by the archers, and he was wounded very badly. 31:4 And he commanded those who had his weapons, saying, "Draw your sword and stab me to death, lest the uncircumcised come and stab me and insult me. But the man with the weapon was afraid and refused to stab him, and Saul fell on his sword and died". Answer: Yes. Yes.

31:3, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "31:3-4 Saul was tall and handsome, a wealthy man and powerful, but all these things he had are not enough to be a model for us": (1) because he had not thoroughly carried out (1) Just because the orders of the "Jewish priests" (Samuel) were not thoroughly carried out, they are still being vilified today by Jewish "priests (Christian ministers)" under the guise of Christianity, which means that the "Jewish priests" ( Christian priests and ministers are really demons possessed by the devil.
"The Spiritual Version explains: "He is tall and mighty in the eyes of men, but small and insignificant in the eyes of God. He was handsome in appearance, but sin made him ugly in soul": (2) Just because the orders of the "Jewish priests" (Samuel) were not thoroughly carried out, they are still being slandered and abused by the Jewish "priests" (ministers) under the guise of Christianity. "This shows that today's "Jewish priests" still hold a grudge against the king for depriving them of their "secular" ruling power. (3) This shows that the "priests" are really demons who are possessed by demons. The "God" spoken of by the "Jewish priests" (Christian priests) was not "Jehovah"! It is the poisonous and cruel "evil god, the devil".
(4) When the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and priests) were at the top of the ruling hierarchy, they were inevitably high on the list of merit and were as brutal as the animals at the top of the biological chain. In those days there was a great deal of social banditry, and when a group of people got together they did not do anything. Who was the one giving the orders to make others carry them out? This brings us to the Creator of all things in heaven and earth, who, through man's fear and ignorance of the supernatural, can rule one side for good and trample on one side for evil. (5) He who speaks of "Jehovah" from his own standpoint, speaks of his enemies as "demons".

31:4, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "31:3-4 (Saul) Though he was strong in body, his lack of faith in God made him weak in heart. Though he was rich, he was spiritually destitute; he could give orders to many, but could not win their respect and allegiance. He was only outwardly attractive, but inwardly he was corrupt. He is close to God and has a strong character that is far better than the appearance of gold": (1) This is a vile and scathing statement from a vile and shameless devil, who is staging a farce of "falling on his sword and beating his dog". This is the "king and loser" mentality at work. (2) This is all the nonsense and "ecstasy" of the "priests" (priests, ministers, demons). (3) It is proven that a strong body makes a strong will, and not at all that "lack of faith in God makes him weak in heart". (4) The Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) were not only "spiritually destitute", but were also mean-spirited and evil. The Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) are rich by "selling the honour of the Lord", but despite their wealth they are spiritually destitute, because they cannot make Christians into Christ, but make Christians their "lambs".
(5) It was because "Saul won their respect and allegiance and was able to give orders to many" that the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) could not tolerate "Saul "It is only because of this that today's "Christian priests and ministers" continue to vilify and abuse "Saul" from the perspective of the "Jewish priests".
(6) The Christian priest or pastor with the priesthood is "only outwardly good-looking, but inwardly corrupt", for he cannot make Christians Christ, but rather Christians are their "lambs". (7) The description, "He is only good-looking on the outside, but inwardly he is corrupt", also reveals the vitriol and malice of the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers).
(8) "Intimacy with God and a strong character, far better than the appearance of gold" are the shameless dogs (Christian priests and ministers) "praising themselves and destroying him". Christian priests and ministers, though "intimate with God", cannot make Christians into Christ, but make Christians their "lambs", so they are "intimate with the evil god Satan They are therefore "intimate with Satan, the evil god", rather than "intimate with Jehovah, the right God".

31:3-4, [Interpretation of the "Spiritual Version":] "31:3-4 Take courage and walk according to the law of God": (1) Not "the law of God" at all, but It was a law of the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) under the guise of God, a "law which the priests used to secure their own authority with majesty".
31:3-4, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "31:3-4 Saul faced death in the same way he faced his own life. He did not think of God, nor did he ask him for guidance": (1) This shows that he (Saul) was not a "slave of God", that he (Saul) was a sane and normal person, that he (Saul) was "a man who had fought against God and against men and had won". This means that he (Saul) was a sane, sane man, that he (Saul) was "victorious against God and against men", and that he (Saul) was a pure "Israelite, Israelite". (2) The Bible, Genesis 32:28: And the man said, Call thy name no more Jacob, but Israel: for thou hast prevailed with God and with men. Therefore, the one who "makes all things his own, not thinking of God, nor asking him to guide him" is the one who "has prevailed with God and with men", which means that he is the pure "Israel, the Israelite This is the one who "has won the battle with God and with men", and who is a pure "Israel, Israel".
(4) He who "does not make up his own mind about anything, but thinks of God and asks him to guide him" is the one who "has been defeated in his struggle with God and with men" and is "defeated and in a mess". "This means that he is a slave of God and a miserable psychopath, the opposite of the pure "Israel, Israelite" slave of the devil.
(5) Neither does God "Jehovah" want anyone who must "think of God and seek His guidance in all things", but only the "Jewish priests". For only in this way could the "Jewish priests" "pretend to be a tiger", and not be left out in the cold.

31:5 When the men with the weapons saw that Saul was dead, they also fell on their swords and died.
31:6 So Saul died, and his three sons, and the men who had his weapons, and those who followed him.
31:7 When the Israelites who lived on the other side of the plain and on the west side of the Jordan saw that the Israelite army had fled and that Saul and his sons were dead, they also abandoned the city and fled. Then the Philistines came and dwelt among them.
31:8 On the next day the Philistines came and stripped the man who had been killed, and saw Saul and his three sons fall down on Mount Gilboa.
31:9 and cut off his head and stripped him of his armour, and sent them to the four kingdoms of the land of Philistia, to report to the idols of their temple and to the people.

31:10 And he put Saul's armour in the temple of Ashtaroth, and nailed his body to the wall of Bethsaida.
31:10, [Interpretation of the Jewish "Spiritual Version":] "31:10 And the Philistines put the armour of Saul in their temple, to give glory to the pagan goddesses for their victory over Saul": (1) "To the pagan goddesses for their victory over Saul (1) "The glory of the victory over Saul went to the pagan goddesses", which means that the "Jehovah" of Israel is not the only true God. If the "Jehovah" of Israel were the only true God, there would be no paganism. (2) The fact that "Saul", who was anointed by Samuel as king, was killed by the pagans shows that a god more powerful than "Jehovah" objectively and truly exists. (3) The defeat and death of "Saul" disgraced the "Jehovah" of the "Jewish priesthood", and this was also the case with the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests, ministers). This is the reason why the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) scandalized and abused "Saul".
31:10, [The Jewish "Spiritual Version" explains:] "31:10 Ashtaroth is the goddess of fruitfulness (making the earth fertile) and multiplicity (making people fruitful by promiscuity)": (1) "making people fruitful by promiscuity", this is (1) "makes man fruitful by promiscuous intercourse", this is the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) "praising themselves and destroying him", because they believe in "Yahweh ". (2) The "priests" (priests and ministers) were the embodiment of mean-spirited demons, without any tolerance or mercy.

31:11 And the inhabitants of Kirjath-jearbi heard what the Philistines had done to Saul.
31:12 all the brave men among them rose up and walked all night, and took down the bodies of Saul and his sons from the walls of Bethsaida, and brought them to Jabi and burnt them with fire.
31:13 and buried their bones under the weeping willow tree of Jabi, and fasted for seven days.
31:13, "and buried their bones under the weeping willow tree of Jabi, and fasted for seven days": (1) Yes. (2) It was not a "seven-day fast" at all, but merely a temporary inability to eat. Other demonic heresies like the "seven-day fast", which have been infinitely exaggerated, are found in the mouths of the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers).

9-193, [Explanation of the "spiritual version:] "31:13 Saul the king was inconsistent, disobedient to God, and bent on his own way; he had no God in his heart. Samuel the priest, on the other hand, was known for his consistent obedience to God and his thirst for God's will, and he had a real thirst for God": (1) For "Saul the king" disobeyed "Samuel the priest" and was (1) Because "Saul the king" disobeyed "Samuel the priest", he was vilified and abused by the Christian "priests and ministers" (Jewish priests), the descendants of "Samuel the priest", to this day, which is "Christianity" under the domination of the devil. (2) The king Saul, because he did not obey "Samuel the priest", was "without God in his heart" and became "inconsistent, disobedient to God, and bent on his own way". (3) The Christian "priests and ministers" (Jewish priests), the descendants of "Samuel the priest", took "Samuel the priest" to be "God (3) The Christian "priests and ministers" (Jewish priests), descendants of "Samuel the priest", have taken "Samuel the priest" to be "God", because they are one and the same.
(4) The Jewish "Samuel the Priest", on the other hand, "always and consistently" took on the guise of God, but actually obeyed the devil, as we can see from the previous articles. (5) The Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) "had a real desire for God", for only under the guise of God were they free from "food and clothing" and able to Only under the guise of God do they have no "bread and butter", and only then do they have the qualifications and authority to speak nonsense, to do sin through God, and to act arbitrarily.

9-194, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "31:13 When God called Samuel, he said, "Speak, O LORD, and my servant will listen (3:9)": (1) "God called Samuel ", this is the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) who are trying to mislead the people under the guise of Yahweh. In fact, the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and pastors) are not "servants of Yahweh" at all, but are kidnapping "Yahweh" to achieve their goals. In common parlance, this means that they are "holding the Son of God hostage and giving orders to their lords". (2) "Jehovah" was in fact kidnapped by the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) and used as a tool to demagogue people and to do evil through God. (3) Not only did the Jewish "priest Samuel" lie unscrupulously, but today's Christian "priests and ministers" are all demonic figures who talk nonsense, for although they all appear to be "gods", they are in fact "priests". Although they all appear to be "gods", they are in fact "evil gods and demons".
[Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "31:13 But when God called Saul through Samuel, Saul said, "Why do you say such things to me? (9:21)": (1) This was because Saul knew that God had "not" called Saul through Samuel, and Saul knew that it was "Samuel the priest" who was lying and trying to compel the king, for the whole nation of Israel knew that "Samuel the priest The whole nation of Israel knew that "Samuel the priest" was a notorious liar; this means that "Saul" was the wise king that the Lord had given to Israel. (2) The fact that Saul became the first king of Israel was the result of the entire Israelite people demanding "Yahweh", the triumph of popular democracy over the "Jewish dictatorship", and the fact that "Samuel the priest" had to do what "Samuel the priest" had to do and approve. "This is why the Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) still abuse Saul today. (3) Because Saul became the first democratically elected king of Israel, putting an end to the Jewish political system of "secularism" and effectively overthrowing the dictatorship of the Jewish "priests", Saul, the revolutionary, was regarded by today's Jewish "priests" (Christian priests) The fact that Saul, the revolutionary, was abused by today's Jewish "priests" (Christian priests and ministers) shows that Judaism holds a grudge that it has not forgotten.
"(1) "Saul lived his life entirely for himself, but Samuel's life was devoted to God": (1) "Saul lived his life entirely for himself. (1) "Saul's life was lived entirely for himself", this is a statement made by the Christian "priests and ministers" (Jewish priests), descendants of "Samuel the priest", in an insulting attack on the revolutionaries who overthrew the Jewish "priesthood". (2) The revolutionaries who died in their own homes. (2) He who dies in his own house is the one who has "lived his life entirely for himself". (3) Like Saul, the king of Israel, who died in defence of his country, he did not "live all his life for himself". (4) To be the first elected king of Israel, as Saul was, shows that Saul did not have what it takes to "live all his life for himself". This is because Saul was responsible for the survival of the whole nation. (5) The fact that Saul became the first democratically elected king of Israel shows that the Lord gave Saul the responsibility for the survival of the whole nation of Israel. "The fact that Saul died defending his country with the nation shows that Saul did not disappoint Yahweh's expectations and that Saul's life was devoted to the mission that Yahweh had given him. Saul's life was dedicated to the mission that the Lord had given him in life. (6) Saul's life was so worthy that the LORD himself received him into eternal life in heaven.
(6) In contrast to "Saul", who died defending his country, the life of "Samuel", a Jewish priest, was devoted to the evil god, Satan, who, in addition to being a demagogue in the name of Yahweh, was notorious for his evil deeds, and after his death he served his sentence in After his death, he served his sentence in hell. Today's "Jewish priest, Samuel" is being judged at the "end of time". By the time you read this article, the "Jewish priest, Samuel" will have been judged at the end of time.

9-195, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "31:13 The real problem was not the polity, but the sinful kings. Saul wanted to please God with superficial godliness, but true spirituality is single-minded obedience to God": (1) "The real problem is not the system of government, but the sinful kings", which was the Jewish priests' hatred of "kingship This is a manifestation of the hatred of the Jewish priests towards the "kingship", which shows that they (Christian priests and ministers) are still today obsessed with the dictatorship of "church and state" that preceded the "kingship". (2) In Judaism, there is only a "sinful king", not a "sinful priest", because the laws for measuring sin are made by the "Jewish priests", and they all guarantee that (2) The law of sin was made by the "Jewish priests", and was a guarantee that the royal authority of the "Jewish priests" would not be blasphemed. (3) "Saul" did not seek to please God with superficial godliness, but only the "Jewish priests". (4) Because of the many realities of the country that "Saul" had to deal with, "Saul" had neither the time nor the need to "please God with superficial godliness". To say that "Saul wanted to please God with superficial godliness" is to slander "Saul, the elected king", who had lost his power and was a fallen man. (5) To "obey God with all his heart" is to be a lackey who "has lost the battle with God and with men", a lackey of the devil, and not "truly spiritual" at all. The one who "fights with God and man and wins" is himself the Christ and will never "obey God with all his heart". The Christ who rebuked the Jewish group, as Jesus did, was truly "obedient to God with all his heart" and "truly spiritual".

The "Spiritual Version" explains: "31:13 The heroic spiritual life is based on the accumulation of obedience to God, built up one by one as if by laying bricks. Each act of obedience, though small in itself, builds up over time to become a huge wall of strength of character - a great wall of resistance to temptation. We too should strive daily to obey God as one in every way": (1) "Saul" became the chosen king by his courage and words, "Saul" was a "heroic spiritual (1) "Saul" became the chosen king by his courage and words and deeds. (2) To "obey God day by day" is to become a slave of God, which is the opposite of God's teaching "to make Christians into Christ like Jesus" and is the devil's "ecstasy" for Christians. This is the opposite of God's teaching of "making Christians like Jesus" and is the devil's "ecstasy" for the Christian. If you really "obey God day by day", your demonic nature will be revealed and you will have metamorphosed from a normal person to a demon. (3) If you "obey God day by day, month by month, as if you were laying bricks one by one", you will become a devil who promotes Satanic indoctrination under the guise of Christianity.
(4) No one would know that there is a God without the common people, so there is no God without the common people, but there is a God with the common people. God is the common people, so that the common people can live and work in peace and contentment, and this is "obeying God with one heart and one mind". Those who do not care whether the people live or die, but only "obey God with all their hearts", are the spokesmen of "evil gods and demons". (5) To strive daily to make the people live and work in peace and happiness, and to devote oneself to life without complaint, is to "obey God as one". Those who do not "devote their lives" to the people, but only "obey God as one", and then try to deceive in the guise of God, are the spokesmen of "evil gods and demons". (6) The "devotional version" explains that this is an argument against democracy and freedom, and that it is all about obedience and being an obedient slave, vowing never to fight with one's master and to be an obedient dog. This is the opposite of being a Christ like Jesus, and is therefore the devil's "ecstasy".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 2017-3-20 22:04:06 Edited 11 August by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
, 





