The Bible Old Testament Book 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 17 "David" comes out of the world to kill his enemies
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
17:1 And the Philistines gathered their armies to battle, and assembled at Socor, which belonged to Judah, and encamped at Ephrathah, which was between Socor and Azekah.
17:2 Saul and the Israelites also gathered and encamped in the valley of Elah, and set out in array to fight against the Philistines.
17:3 And the Philistines stood on this side of the hill, and the Israelites on that side of the hill, and there was a valley in the midst of it.
17:4 And out of the camp of the Philistines came a man of war, named Goliath, a Gathite, six cubits high and one tiger's mouth.
17:5 with a helmet of brass on his head and armour weighing five thousand shekels.
17:6 with bronze knee pads on his legs, and a bronze halberd carried between his shoulders.
17:7 and the shaft of the spear was as thick as the shaft of a loom, and the head of the spear of iron weighed six hundred shekels. And a man with a shield went before him.
17:8 Goliath stood against the army of Israel and called out, saying, "What are you doing out in procession? Am I not a Philistine? Are you not Saul's servants? Choose one of you and bring him down to me.
17:9 If he can fight me and kill me, then we will be your servants; if I overcome him and kill him, then you will be our servants and serve us."
17:10 Then the Philistine said again, "I am cursing at the army of the Israelites today. Call one of you out and fight against me."
17:11 When Saul and all Israel heard these words of the Philistine, they were terrified and extremely afraid.
17:12 David was the son of Jesse the Ephraimite of Bethlehem in Judah. Jesse had eight sons. When Saul came along, Jesse was old.
17:13 The three older sons of Jesse followed Saul on his journey. These three sons went out to war: the name of the first son was Eliab, the name of the second son was Abinadab, and the name of the third son was Shammah.
17:14 David was the youngest; and the three older sons followed Saul.
17:15 David sometimes left Saul and went back to Bethlehem to herd his father's sheep.
17:16 And the Philistines stood out morning and evening, and so on for forty days.
17:17 One day Jesse said to his son David, "Take a sheaf of ephod baked and ten loaves of bread, and bring them quickly to the camp to your brothers.
17:18 And take these ten milk cakes and give them to the captains of their thousands, and ask your brothers how they are, and ask them for a letter."
17:19 And Saul, with David's three brothers and all the men of Israel, fought against the Philistines in the Valley of Elah.
17:20 David got up in the morning, and gave his sheep to one of the watchmen, and went with food, as his father had commanded him. When he arrived at the supply camp, the soldiers were just coming out into the battlefield, shouting for battle.
17:21 Both the Israelites and the Philistines formed ranks, facing each other.
17:22 David left the food he had brought under the men who were guarding the objects, and ran to the battlefield, asking his brothers for peace.
17:23 And while he was speaking with them, Goliath the Philistine, who was of Gath, the man of war, came out of the Philistine band and spoke what he had said before; and David heard it all.
17:24 And when all Israel saw the man, they fled, and were exceedingly afraid.
17:25 The Israelites said to one another, "Have you seen this man who has come up? He has come up to curse at the Israelites. If anyone is able to kill him, the king will reward him with great wealth, give him his daughter as his wife, and spare his father's house from serving as a servant among the Israelites."
17:26 David asked those who stood by, "How will it be for someone to kill this Philistine and take away the shame of Israel? Who is this uncircumcised Philistine? How dare he curse the army of the living God?"
17:27 The people answered him as they had said before, saying, "If anyone can kill this Philistine, he will do so to him.
17:28 When Eliab, David's eldest brother, heard what David had said to them, he became angry with him, saying, "What are you doing down here? Who have you entrusted with those sheep in the wilderness? I know your pride and the malice of your heart; you have come down especially to see the battle."
17:29 David said, "What have I done? Have I not come for a reason?"
17:30 Then David left him and turned to the others, and asked them as he had said before, and the people answered him as they had said before.
17:31 When someone heard what David had said, he told it to Saul, and Saul sent for him.
17:32 David said to Saul, "No man need be timid because of the Philistine. Your servant will go and fight against the Philistine."
17:33 Saul said to David, "You cannot go and fight against that Philistine, because you are too young, and he has been a warrior since he was a child."
17:34 David said to Saul, "When your servant tends the sheep for his father, sometimes a lion comes, and sometimes a bear comes, and carries a lamb from the flock.
17:35 So I chased it and struck it, and saved the lamb from its mouth. And when it rose up to harm me, I took it by the beard and killed it.
17:36 As your servant killed the lion and the bear, so will this uncircumcised Philistine who curses at the army of the living God be like the lion and the bear."
17:37 David said again, "As the LORD saved me from the paws of the lion and the bear, so will he save me from the hand of this Philistine." Saul said to David, "You may go! The LORD will be with you."
17:38 So Saul put his own battle clothes on David, and put his bronze helmet on him, and put his armor on him.
17:39 David put his sword across the outside of his battle clothes to try whether he could walk or not. Because he had not been used to wearing them, he said to Saul, "I cannot walk in these, because I have not been used to wearing them." So he took them off.
17:40 And he took his staff in his hand, and chose five smooth stones from the brook, and put them in a bag, the shepherd's bag; and he took in his hand a chord for throwing stones, and went to meet the Philistine.
17:41 The Philistines also came gradually to meet David, and the one with the shield went ahead of him.
17:42 And the Philistines looked, and when they saw David, they despised him, because he was young, and his face was bright red, and his face was handsome.
17:43 The Philistine said to David, "Am I a dog, that you have come to me with a staff?" Then the Philistine cursed David by pointing to his own gods.
17:44 Then the Philistine said to David, "Come! I will give your flesh to the birds of the air and to the beasts of the field to eat."
17:45 David said to the Philistine, "You came against me by sword and spear and halberd, but I have come against you in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God whom you cursed to lead the armies of Israel.
17:46 Today the LORD will give you into my hand. I will kill you and behead you, and I will give the bodies of the Philistine soldiers to the birds of the air and to the beasts of the earth to eat, so that all the peoples of the earth may know that there is a God in Israel.
17:47 And that all these people may know that the LORD gives victory, not with the sword or with the spear, for the victory or the defeat of the battle depends on the LORD. He will deliver you into our hands."
17:48 The Philistines rose up and came to meet David. David hastened to meet the Philistines and ran towards the battlefield.
17:49 And David took a stone out of his bag with his hand, and flung it with a string, and it struck the Philistine in the forehead; and it entered into his forehead, and he fell down and fell on his face to the ground.
17:50 So David overcame the Philistine and killed him by flinging the stone with a string of a machine; but David had no sword in his hand.
17:51 And David ran and stood beside the Philistine, and took his sword out of its sheath, and killed him, and cut off his head. When all the Philistines saw that their warrior who had been asking for war was dead, they all fled.
17:52 Then the Israelites and the men of Judah rose up and cried out, and pursued the Philistines as far as the gates of Gath (note: or "the") and Eglon. The slain Philistines fell on the road to Shalayim, as far as Gath and Eglon.
17:53 When the Israelites returned from pursuing the Philistines, they took their camp.
17:54 David took the head of the Philistine to Jerusalem, but put his armour in his own tent.
17:55 When Saul saw David going against the Philistines, he asked the marshal, Daniel, "O Daniel, whose son is that young man?" And Daniel said, "I dare swear before the king that I do not know."
17:56 The king said, "You may ask whose son the young man is."
17:57 When David returned from killing the Philistine, Daniel led him to Saul, who had the head of the Philistine in his hand.
17:58 Saul asked him, "O young man, whose son are you?" David said, "I am the son of Jesse the Bethlehemite, your servant."

Expository section.
9-107, (1) "17:10 I am today cursing the battle against the armies of the Israelites. Call one of you out to fight with me." Q. Did "Goliath" say this? (2) Was Goliath more than 2.7 metres tall? (3) "17:16 And the Philistines stood out morning and evening for forty days", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Goliath was over 2.1 metres tall, not 2.7 metres tall. (3) Yes.

9-108, "17:26 And David asked those who stood by, saying, How shall a man do to this Philistine, who kills him and takes away the shame of the Israelites? Who is this uncircumcised Philistine? Dare he curse at the army of the living God?" , ask: Is this what David said? Answer: Yes. (a) Circumcision is the removal of the overgrown foreskin from a boy's penis, and "circumcision" at puberty indicates a break from childhood and adulthood. In ancient Egypt, boys were generally circumcised between the ages of 6 and 12. Among the Ethiopians, Jews and Muslims, as well as several other ethnic groups, circumcision was performed shortly after birth (on the eighth day of life for Jews) or a few years after birth. Most of the other peoples who practise circumcision do so at puberty. Among the Jews, circumcision is in fact a sign of the fulfilment of the covenant with God, the establishment of Jewish identity, and the entry into the sphere of matrimonial licence. (b) You can read my exposition of chapter 17 of the True Exposition of Genesis to find out the whole story of the circumcision of the foreskin.
(c) "17:1 And when Abram was ninety-nine years old, the Lord appeared to him and said to him, "I am God Almighty; be thou perfect before me".
(d) "17:10 And all you men shall be circumcised; this is the covenant that I have made with you and with your descendants, which you shall keep": (1) If you were not a confused worm, if you were a sane and sober person, you would know that "circumcision (1) If you were not a fool, if you were sane and sane, you would know that "circumcision" (circumcision) destroys the "perfection" of man and that the "circumcised" man is not a "perfect man". (2) "All you men shall be circumcised" is the opposite of the previous statement, "Be perfect before me", so this is a major "test, a trial". Oh, one can imagine that Abraham, the "fool", would have done as he was told. He didn't even hear that the Lord was saying this was a "test" and not really asking him to "circumcise the foreskin". (3) "Be perfect before me, and I will make a covenant with you", "All you men shall be circumcised", none of you are "perfect" anymore. "I will not make a covenant with you", because you have "broken the covenant and broken the covenant". (4) "All you men shall be circumcised, and this is the covenant that I have made with you and with your descendants", a "test" to determine the extent of Abraham's foolishness. ", Abraham, the "fool", forgot about the "perfect man" mentioned earlier, and did not consider that "circumcision" would not be a "perfect man". "(5) Think about this. (5) Think about this: What did Yahweh need to "cut off the skin of the male" for? The "circumcision" did not guarantee that they would "eat meat, steal, drink wine, commit adultery, or lie". Nor does "circumcision" guarantee that they will become Christ like Jesus, or that they will live forever in heaven. Does not "circumcision" "tease" the fool?

9-109, "17:34 David said to Saul, "When your servant tends his father's sheep, sometimes a lion comes, and sometimes a bear, and carries a lamb from the flock. So I chased it, and struck it, and saved the lamb out of its mouth. And when it rose up to harm me, I took it by the beard and killed it. As your servant struck down the lion and the bear, so will this uncircumcised Philistine who curses at the army of the living God be like the lion and the bear", Q. Did David say this? Answer: Yes.
9-110. (1) "17:49 And David took a stone out of his bag with his hand, and flung it with a string, and it struck the Philistine in the forehead; and it entered into his forehead, and he fell down and fell on his face to the ground", Q: Is that so? (2) "17:51 And David ran and stood beside the Philistine, and took his sword out of its sheath, and slew him, and cut off his head", Q: Is that so? Answer: yes. Is.
9-111, "17:58 And Saul asked him, saying, O young man, whose son are you?" Ask: Was it Saul who asked David? Did "Saul" not know that he was the "son of Jesse"? Answer: Yes. He knew.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





