The True Exposition of Genesis A Postscript to Teach You to Read the Bible (Explanation of the Vocabulary of the True Exposition of Genesis) 2
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

19. It is more difficult to return to the Kingdom of Heaven: "11:9 For the name of the city was Babel, because the LORD had disturbed the words of the people of the world there, and had scattered them over the whole earth: (1) Because human society has been developing and (1) Because human society has been developing and people's vision has been increasing, the LORD, in accordance with the progress of the times, has added to "Babylon" the teaching of Satan and the "rules of the return to heaven", making it "more difficult to return to the kingdom of heaven "The single "ark of Nimrod" of Jehovah's indoctrination was no longer unique, and only a very few people with great wisdom could know the truth, thus confusing the words of the world. (2) Different indoctrination produced different beliefs, and different beliefs made the people scattered over the whole earth and no longer unified and centralised. Different ideas give rise to cultural diversity, and colourful magic obliterates the single, pure "edification of the Lord". (3) So the city of "Babylon" was called Babel, which means "disorder". (4) "Babylon" was originally the "gate of God", a place where Christians could become the fulfillment of Christ's eternal kingdom of heaven. Later, with Satan's indoctrination, the city of "Babylon" was called "Babel", which means "turmoil" and the "gates of hell (5) "Babylon" was called "Babel", which means "turmoil" and "gate of hell". (5) "Babylon" has a double meaning, not only as the "gate of God", but also as the "gate of hell". It is the Chinese saying, "If you do not have the right way, you will be evil", which means that if you love religion and become a disciple of it, you will become a devil if you do not become Christ. Religion is an "ark", and if it does not bring you through to become "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron", you become "dead on the ark and buried in the sea of law". "There is no such thing as being "alone" without being Christ.

20. Chapter 11: (1) From "Noah's ark" to "11:9 where the LORD disturbed the words of the world", it shows that "Noah's ark" has completely completed its mission. The kingdom of heaven closed its doors and no longer accepted people as Christ back into heaven. Such a stage of preaching the Law to people back to heaven is the "Lawful Movement". (2) Although Noah's Ark had completed its mission, the "faith of the LORD" remained in the world. Satan would then promote his magic under the guise of Jehovah. (3) Here onwards there was "Abram" the first "prophet of Yahweh", the first "priest of Judaism", and the first Satan in the guise of Yahweh. (4) The whole of the Old Testament (4) The whole Old Testament is a scandalous farce of the "Jewish priests", except that Jehovah does not state this directly, but uses the literary technique of "reverse thinking" to show the true nature of Satan. The reason for this is to see which of us is wise enough to see Satan for what he is.

21. The Garden of Eden, which predates Adam and Eve: "12:10 And there was a famine in the land. And because the famine was great, Abram went down to Egypt to dwell there temporarily": (1) This indicates that there was also a Garden of Eden at the Nile in Egypt. This is the Garden of Eden of the "second river called Kishon". (2) If the Nile did not have a Garden of Eden, if the Nile did not have a Garden of Eden that predated "Adam and Eve", there would have been no Egypt, and Abram would not have been able to go down to Egypt to escape the "famine".

22. Satan's magic is this: "13:4 The same place where he first built his altar, and where he called on the name of the LORD": (1) This is all a "word barrier" of the LORD, which can only be understood after becoming Christ. The effect of "telling a lie three times is the truth" leads everyone to believe that it is really necessary to "call on the name of the LORD". In fact, those who "call on the name of the LORD" are Satan's spokesmen and are the opposite of what the LORD has taught people to do in order to become Christ. (2) It has been proven that it is useless to call on anyone's name. Those who deserve it, by their own efforts, will receive it without asking anyone. What is not deserved, no one's name can be called upon if one does not work for it. (3) To be at peace with the "good and bad" of what you have received, and not to "thank God" for what you did not expect to receive, and to have such a peaceful mind, is to accept the LORD's edification, and to demonstrate the universal edification of the LORD in the world, and to be the elite of the nation. It is the ""building of an altar to Yahweh. (4) "Calling on the name of the LORD" is an attack of insanity by those who do not know what "the LORD's edification" is. (5) "Calling on the name of the LORD" is Satan compelling people under the guise of the LORD.

23. "Circumcision" is not "circumcision": "17:11 You will all be circumcised, and this is the evidence of my covenant with you. (1) The word "circumcision" means that when a man has offspring, he should know how to properly cut off his material desires, not to indulge in lust, to "cut off the love of the flesh between a man and a woman", to reduce or even cut off his sexual life, and to treat his wife with courtesy. This means that when a man has offspring, he should know how to properly cut off his material desires, not to indulge in lust, to "cut off the love between men and women", to reduce or even cut off sex, to treat his wife with courtesy, and to treat men and women with respect, so that both men and women can live long and healthy lives. This is the Chinese Taoist way of "cherishing the essence and nurturing the spirit", which is Taoist thought. (2) When you have offspring, "give up the love of flesh and blood between men and women", you have done what I have said, you have accepted my teachings, and you have "made a covenant with me". This is evidence of my covenant with you: when you have offspring, you "cut off the love of the flesh between men and women", you reduce or even cut off your sexual life, you treat your wives with courtesy, and you treat men and women with respect for each other. (3) The LORD said "circumcise the foreskin", which means "cut off the fleshly love between a man and a woman", not "remove the foreskin from the penis" at all. (4) "Circumcision" is a magic trick of the Jewish priesthood, a trick of the devil to harm people, a proof of the devil's guilt in brutalizing human beings, a play of the devil on ignorant minions. (5) It is you who have misunderstood the meaning of "cutting off the skin of the man", and it has nothing to do with Yahweh. It is you who have accepted the magic of the Jewish priesthood, "circumcision", and have allowed "circumcision" to replace "circumcision", and this is the sadness of your ignorance. (6) The Lord is not wrong, but you yourselves have misunderstood the meaning of "circumcision" because your "Jewish ritualistic indoctrination" is "devil's indoctrination" and therefore the devil has been dominating your thinking. The reason is that your "Jewish ritualistic upbringing" is the "devil's upbringing" and that is why the devil has been dominating your thinking and making you do such "unbelievable" farcical acts as "circumcision". Do you understand? Westerners! Wake up.

24. "Covenant": (1) "Covenant" is "agreement", and "agreement" is your willingness to abide by the rules set by Yahweh The "covenant" is your willingness to abide by the LORD's rules. Keeping the LORD's rules is keeping the covenant. Keeping the covenant means that the "covenant of the LORD" is established in your flesh, which is expressed in your words and actions. (2) You keep the LORD's rules, and the LORD's covenant is established in your flesh. You keep the LORD's rules forever, that is, "make an everlasting covenant". (3) You do not know what a "perfect man" is, and you do not know what the "rules of the LORD" are, and you cannot "keep the rules of the LORD", so the LORD will not "make a covenant with you". (4) The "perfect man" is a "righteous man" like Cain and Nimrod, the Christ like Jesus. The "rule of the LORD" is the indoctrination that "makes the Christian Christ". If you do not become a "righteous man" like Cain and Nimrod, or a Christ like Jesus, the LORD will not "make a covenant with you". You will not live forever in heaven, but will go to hell.
25. "Prophet": "20:7 Now you return this man's wife to him, because he is a prophet:": (1) From here onwards, Abraham has the glorious title of "Prophet ". What had Abraham done to deserve the title of "prophet" from the Lord? Let's go back and sort it out. (2) 12:4 Abram left Haran at the age of 75 and went to the land of Canaan, and then Abram gradually moved to the south. When a famine struck the land, Abram went down to Egypt, and Abram said to his wife Sarai, "12:13 Say, please, you are my sister, that I may have peace through you, and that my life may live through you". This is a sign of Abram's lack of blood and courage, a sign of pedantry without husbandliness unable to take charge, a sign of Abram's lingering life. A man like Abram became a "prophet", which means "bloodless, unmanly, pedantic, and a vagabond". (3) "12:16 And Pharaoh treated Abram well because of the woman, and Abram received many oxen, sheep, camels, donkeys, female donkeys, and maidservants": Abram did not fight on his own, but simply "took his wife as his sister; and she was taken into Pharaoh's palace". Is Abram worthy of our learning, that he got many sheep, cattle, camels, male donkeys, female donkeys and maidservants? Does this show that Abram was incompetent? Or does it show that Abram was capable? These possessions that Abram was given were a blasphemy and a slander against men. It is a disgrace to true manhood! A man like Abram became a "prophet", which means "a prophet" means "a man who uses his wife to get property, to blackmail kings, to take by force". (4) "13:8 Then Abram said to Lot, "You and I shall not strive against each other, nor your shepherd against my shepherd, for we are flesh and blood. 13:9 Is not all the earth before your eyes? Leave me: if you turn to the left, I will turn to the right; if you turn to the right, I will turn to the left": this was the right thing for once for Abram to do. This is one of the reasons for being a "prophet".
(5) "The four kings fought against the five kings", and the four kings defeated the five kings, and Abram defeated the four kings with 318 men. "14:18 And Melchizedek king of Salem came out to meet Abram with bread and wine. 14:19 And he blessed Abram, saying, Blessed be the Lord, the God of heaven and earth, the Most High, who blessed Abram. 14:20 Blessed is the God of the Most High who has put his enemies into your hands. 14:21 Then the king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the people, but take your own possessions. 14:23 I will not take anything that is yours, not a thread or a shoelace, lest you say, "I have made Abram rich": showing that Abram was no more a king than the four kings who had been defeated by He was no better than any of the "five kings" who were defeated by the "four kings". It shows that he was surprised by his victory and was not confident that he had achieved a great victory. It shows that Abram not only did not have the ambition to unite the territories of the "nine kings", but also did not have the ambition to become "one king", nor did he have the qualifications to be the "father" of a nation, let alone the "father of many nations". He was not qualified to be the "father" of a nation, let alone "the father of many nations". The fact that a man like Abram became a "prophet" shows that "prophet" means "not confident, not able to take charge, not ambitious, confused, or mentally handicapped".
(6) "16:6 And Abram said to Sarai, "Do with your daughter as you please while she is under you. And Sarai treated her bitterly, and she fled from before Sarai": "The angelic daughter is under you, and you may do with her as you please" is a devilish statement from Abram, which shows that Abram was a beast without a just heart, a fair heart, or a kind heart. Abram was not even able to take on the responsibilities of Hagar's husband, to properly settle the affairs of his household, nor was he qualified to handle the affairs of state as a king, nor could he afford to take on the office of king of state. No wonder the king of Sodom said to Abram, "Give me the population", and no wonder Melchizedek asked Abram to give him a tenth of what he had received. Sarai had Abram's support in treating Hagar, an Egyptian woman who was pregnant and about to give birth. Unprotected by her husband Abram, Hagar had no choice but to flee. A man like Abram became a "prophet", which means "a beast who is not without justice, fairness and kindness; who is unable to assume the responsibilities of a husband or to settle domestic affairs properly". (7) "17:17
(7) "17:1 When Abram was ninety-nine years old, the LORD appeared to him and said to him, "I am God Almighty; be thou perfect before me. 17:4 I have made a covenant with thee, that thou shalt be a father to many nations": Abram! Listen carefully! The "covenant I make with you" is not unconditional, it is conditional, and the prerequisite is that "you shall be perfect before me". Abram, you old fool, you know how to kowtow to "idols". You do not know what a "perfect man" is, nor do you ask what a "perfect man" is. If you misinterpret the will of the LORD and disobey him, you have "broken the covenant". If you "break the covenant" because of your own ignorance, the "covenant I made with you" will not be fulfilled. "The one to blame is yourself", you remember! A man like Abraham became a "prophet", which means "ignorant, ignorant covenant-breaker, foolish covenant-breaker".
(8) "17:27 And all the members of the household were circumcised together, whether they were born in the house or were bought with silver from a stranger": Abraham! You fool! Open your eyes and see clearly! You and your son are "99 or 13 years old", and it doesn't matter how you "circumcise your penis", do you understand? Old fogey. "Circumcision" is a farce of self-inflicted harm by an old fool. A man like Abram became a "prophet", which means "a fool, an old fool, a misunderstanding, a confusion of right and wrong, a confusion of truth and falsehood, and a belief in right and wrong".
(9) "18:33 When the LORD had finished speaking with Abraham, he went away; and Abraham returned to his own place": although Abraham's family was "circumcised", it was not done on the "eighth day of his life". "Can this be considered "circumcision", which he did not verify after seeing the LORD? The LORD himself came to his house in order to correct his mistake, leaving him plenty of time to ask him how he had "circumcised the skin of the male". Abraham did not say a word about the "circumcision", but said a lot of meaningless things to show his "false compassion". Therefore, Abraham is a representative of all kinds of bad habits, and the Lord has allowed all kinds of bad habits to be displayed in Abraham in order to warn us not to follow Abraham's example, not to become a "second Abraham", not to fail the Lord's heart. The fact that a man like Abraham became a "prophet" shows that "prophet" means "a foolish pig, a clown, a fool, an ugly person with bad habits, a person whom no one should learn from ".
26. "Mount Moriah, the burnt offering": "22:2 And God said, Take your son, your only son, Isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of Moriah, and offer him as a burnt offering on the mountain which I will show you": (1) A "burnt offering" is a sacrifice of the whole beast by fire. (2) To have his only son offered as a burnt offering was a way for Yahweh to see how far he had gone in his "faith in Yahweh". If he really carried out the LORD's command without distinguishing between right and wrong, he would have been a foolish lackey who was frightened by the "idols of the LORD". (3) The LORD made man wise to become a righteous man and Christ like "Cain, Nimrod and Jesus" and to realize the eternal kingdom of heaven, how could he give man "a sacrifice of a whole beast on fire"? Did Yahweh make the animals to "burn the whole beast as a sacrifice"? (4) If the Lord had made the animals to "burn the whole beast as a sacrifice", then "Cain" should not have killed his brother "Abel" and would not have qualified as a righteous man under the protection of the Lord. Cain" would not have killed his brother "Abel" and would not have qualified as a righteous man under the protection of the LORD. "Cain became a righteous man under the protection of the LORD by killing his brother Abel, who offered "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the lamb" as an offering to the LORD. This shows that it is wrong to kill an animal as an offering to Yahweh. It is the devil who insults Yahweh, who "gives birth to life and does not eat or eat meat", and who should be killed by the righteous to pay for the animal's life. (5) Therefore, it is not right to understand "burnt offering" as "burning the whole beast in fire as a sacrifice". It is not "Christ's satisfaction as God", but "the best consolation to the LORD, the mother of the universe, to be the Christ who smites the demons".
(6) "Mount Moriah", located in ancient Salem (Jerusalem), was the harvest field of Alonan (Araunah) the Jebusite in the days of David's reign (1 Chronicles 21:15; 2 Samuel 24:16), and David bought the land for a full price and built an altar there for sacrifice (1 Chronicles 21:27/31). Later, Solomon built the temple on the site (2 Chronicles 3:1), hence the name of the mountain. Calvary, where Jesus was crucified, was located near Mount Moriah. Therefore, "Mount Moriah" does not mean "chosen, appearing, seen by the Lord" at all. (7) "Mount Moriah" is a place where Satan, who is a pest, dwells, a place where "Christians are not allowed to become Christ", a place where there is no Christianity, a place where the devil, under the guise of Yahweh, uses magic to obliterate Yahweh's edification. (8) It is for the child to leave you, to learn knowledge, to go first to the demon-possessed to open his eyes, to learn what magic is, to be deceived and then to leave, and that is why he is to "go to the land of Moriah". (9) "On the mountain where I will show you", first go to a demon-possessed person to open your eyes, learn what magic is, be deceived and leave, then go to a wise teacher and eventually improve your state and become Christ. (10) Let the child become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", that is, "offer him up as a burnt offering".
27. "Israel": "32:28 The man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men." : (1) Man's flesh is made by God, and the wisdom of this life is learned by himself. The fact that man overcomes his fears with the clever wisdom he has learned shows that man is not only flesh, but also has a great wisdom that is equal to that of God, and this is "victory in the contest with God". (2) The "contest with God" is in the sense that he himself, by his wise words and deeds (giving his brother many possessions, addressing him as "master", humbly calling himself "his brother's servant" (2) In the sense of wisdom, he knew that his brother had a bad nature of "caring only for what is in front of him and not for his name", and thus overcame his fears and saved himself from physical calamity. (3) There is a "kinship and subordination" between people, and to use that "kinship and subordination" to dispel one's worries is to "win the battle with man". (4) The person who "has won the battle with God and with men" is "called Israel", and is "Israel". (5) He who overcomes worry with wisdom and becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", such a person is "victorious against both God and man", and such a person " Such a one is "called Israel" and is "Israel". (6) No matter which religion you study, as long as you do not become "the Christ who has abandoned the boat and come ashore", you will have the fear of going to hell, and you will be "defeated in your struggle with God and with men". You are not "Israel", you are not "Israel", you are only a slave of the devil. (7) You have not become "the Christ who has abandoned the boat and come ashore", you do not have to worry about going to hell, because you are a "seminary graduate priest", you are a slave and a deceitful instrument who has been deceived by a higher demon, and therefore you are " You cannot be "called Israel", you are not "Israel", you can only be called the devil's lackey and spokesman.