The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 5 David on the Throne
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
5:1 All the tribes of Israel came to David in Hebron, saying, "We were your flesh and blood.
5:2 It was you who led the Israelites in and out of the land when Saul was our king. The LORD has also promised you, saying, 'You will shepherd my people Israel and be king over Israel.'"
5:3 So all the elders of Israel came to King David in Hebron, and David made a covenant with them before the LORD in Hebron, and they anointed David to be king over Israel.
5:4 David was thirty years old when he came to the throne, and he reigned forty years.
5:5 He reigned seven years and six months as king of Judah in Hebron, and thirty-three years as king over Israel and Judah in Jerusalem.
5:6 And David and those who followed him came to Jerusalem to attack the Jebusites, who lived in that place. The Jebusites said to David, "Unless you drive out the blind and the lame, you will not enter this place." Thinking to himself that David must not enter.
5:7 Yet David took the security of Zion, the city of David.
5:8 On that day David said, "Whoever attacks the Jebusites, let him go up to the gutter against the lame, the blind, whom I hate in my heart." From then on there was a proverb that said, "There is a blind man and a lame man there, and he cannot go into the house."
5:9 And David dwelt in the safeguard, and called the name of the safeguard the city of David. And David built a wall around it, from Milloh Eri.
5:10 And David grew stronger day by day, because the LORD God of hosts was with him.
5:11 And Hiram king of Tyre brought cedar wood to David, and sent messengers and carpenters and masons to build David a palace.
5:12 Then David knew that the LORD had established him as king over Israel, and had made his kingdom prosperous for his own people Israel.
5:13 And after David left Hebron, he made a queen and had sons and daughters in Jerusalem.
5:14 And the sons born in Jerusalem were: Shammaiah, Sodom, Nathan, Solomon
5:15 Ishmael, Elishua, Nephi, and Japheth, and
5:16 Elisama, Elijah the Great, and Eliphaziel.
5:17 And when the Philistines heard that men had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David. And when David heard it, he went down to secure it.
5:18 The Philistines came and scattered themselves in the valley of Leviathan.
5:19 David asked the LORD, "Shall I go up against the Philistines? Will you give them into my hand?" The LORD said, "You may go up, and I will deliver the Philistines into your hand."
5:20 David came to the heart of Baal-zorah and struck the Philistines there, saying, "The LORD broke through the enemy before me as water rushes away." Hence the name of the place was Baal Zerah's heart.
5:21 The Philistines left their idols there, and David and those who followed him took them.
5:22 The Philistines came up again, and scattered themselves in the valley of Leviathan.
5:23 David asked the LORD. The LORD said, "Do not go up all the way, but turn behind them and attack them from across the mulberry forest.
5:24 When you hear the sound of footsteps on the tops of the mulberry trees, go forward with haste, for then the LORD has gone ahead of you to attack the Philistine army."
5:25 So David did as the LORD commanded him, and went against the Philistines, from Gaba as far as Kadesh.

Expository section.
10-33, (1) "5:1 And all the tribes of Israel came to David at Hebron, saying, We were your flesh and blood. It was you who led Israel in and out of the land when Saul was our king", and asked, "Is that so? (2) "5:2 The LORD has also promised you, saying, You will shepherd my people Israel and be king over Israel", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) "The LORD has also promised you", such words are the devil's demagoguery under the guise of "the LORD"; it is the devil kidnapping the name of "the LORD" to This is the devil's way of taking the name of "Yahweh" and "holding the Son of God hostage". This was a common Jewish tactic and rhetoric that Jesus would not tolerate, and this is why he was killed for rebelling against Judaism.
10-34. (1) "5:4 David was thirty years old when he came to the throne, and reigned forty years. 5:5 He reigned seven years and six months as king of Judah in Hebron, and thirty-three years as king of Israel and Judah in Jerusalem", Q. Is this true? (2) "5:6 And David and those who followed him came to Jerusalem to attack the Jebusites who lived in that place. And the Jebusites said to David, "Unless you drive out the blind and the lame, you shall not enter this place", Q: Is this so? "Whoever attacks the Jebusites, let him go up to the gutter against the cripple, the blind man, whom I hate in my heart", is this what David said? Does it mean to attack the city from the gutter? Answer: Yes. Yea. Yes.

10-35, [Explanation of the "Devotional Version:] "5:4-5 Although God had promised to give David the kingdom of Israel many years before (1 Sam. 16:13), he waited until he was thirty-seven years old to become king over all Israel, during which time he had to wait patiently for the fulfilment of God's promise ": (1) Explanation: This is the demonic brainwashing of "Christians" by Judaism, which is disgusting because the infinite exaggeration of the "fulfillment of God's promises" makes people respectful and superstitious The "priests" (priests, pastors, missionaries). (2) It is the successor of the "priest" (priest, pastor, missionary) who makes people wait for the "fulfillment of the promises" spoken by the missionary, showing that he is a liar who deceives with lies.
10-36, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "5:6-7 Only in God do we have true peace and security, but everything else is false security. Even if you have a lot of savings, a comfortable home or a stable career, no one can predict what will happen tomorrow. Our relationship with God is the only security that no one can take away from us": (1) This is the demonic compulsion of today's "priests and ministers", who have authority over "Christians" only if they fear God. authority. With "our relationship with God, our only guarantee", they become irredeemable slaves, because this is not "Christianity", this is "Jewish doctrine"; this is what the evil gods and demons want, not the right gods and goddesses. This is what the evil god, the devil, wants, not what the right god, Jehovah, wants. (2) The Christianity that is so widespread in China is actually "Judaism" under the guise of Christianity, and they totally reject and vilify the sanctity of the native Chinese religion, which they call "idols, devils and Satan". Their doctrine is that only those who are merciful to the wicked will be blessed by God, because the Bible says that "Jesus was stoned by the devil in the wilderness and did not fight back" (in fact, it refers to the "picture of Jesus", because Jesus had the power to subdue the devil). (this is actually the "picture of Jesus" because Jesus had the power to subdue the devil), that it was the devil testing his goodness (being good to the devil means you are an accomplice of the devil) and that if you don't fight back against the evil one, you will be blessed to die and go to heaven. These are all ideas that make people surrender to the devil and let the devil get away with it, and they are all what the devil wants. If everyone did this, would the nation not perish?
10-37. (1) "5:11 Hiram king of Tyre brought cedar wood to David, and sent messengers and carpenters and masons to build a palace for David", Q. Is that so? (2) "5:12 Then David knew that the LORD had established him as king over Israel, and had made his kingdom prosperous for his own people Israel", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) To give courtesy to the powerful is either adultery or theft. (2) "And David knew that the LORD had established him as king over Israel" is a lie told by the Jewish preachers to highlight the authority of the LORD so that they, the people, could "make a fool of themselves". It had nothing to do with David.

10-38, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "5:12 David knew that everything he had was given by God, and that if he was to achieve great things, he had to have an intimate relationship with God, both personally and as a whole people. For David to do this, he had to restrain his ambition", Q. Is this true? "Although he had a great name, great success and great popularity, he still let God take precedence and served the people in his life according to God's will. Do you want to get help from God or from people to achieve great things? In your quest for success, remember to let God manage your ambitions", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) The Jewish missionaries not only kidnapped "Jehovah" but also "kings", making them act with Jehovah and become instruments of their own deification. (2) Those who "want to get help from God and achieve great things" are all end-of-the-road heroes and lackeys. Those who "do not depend on God, but want to get help from men and achieve great things" are all wise and powerful national elites who have built up their achievements. (3) When you "let God manage your ambitions", your own ambitions are delusions, for only the "ambitions of the Jewish missionaries" are your true ambitions.
10-39. (1) "5:17 When the Philistines heard that David had been anointed king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David", asking, "Is that so? (2) "5:18 The Philistines came and scattered themselves in the valley of Leviathan", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-40, (1) "5:19 David asked the LORD, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? Will you deliver them into my hand? And the LORD said, You may go up, and I will deliver the Philistines into your hand", Q: Is that so? (2) "5:20 And David came to the heart of Barzilla, and smote the Philistines there, and said, The LORD broke through the enemy before me as the waters rush away", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Such vile and shameless words are lies told by "Jewish preachers", for David was an ordinary man and did not have the power to speak with God. Besides, how could a just God take sides? How could such a trivial matter require the "LORD" to speak out? (2) "The LORD broke through my enemies before me as water washes away" is not a lie told by "David" but by "Jewish missionaries". The Old Testament is full of such lies, which is why Jesus resented "Judaism", the demonic group that kidnapped "Jehovah" and spread demonic heresies. This is why Jesus resented "Judaism" because it was a demonic group that kidnapped "Jehovah" and spread demonic heresies. (3) These are the "tests" of our wisdom. If you believe it, you are a servant of the devil.

10-41, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "5:19 How could David have received such a clear message from God? It may have been through prayer that the Holy Spirit told him to act, or it may have been through the prophets that he asked God. Most likely he asked the high priest to interrogate God with Urim and Tumin", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) The "clear message David received from God" was a lie from the "Jewish preachers" (priests, ministers). (2) "Prayer" can only lead to demonic possession. The "LORD" is the one who gives people the wisdom to know right from wrong and does not allow them to pray like a psychopath. (3) The devil is also the same as the "Holy Spirit" and the devil can tell him to act and it will kill him. (4) If you read the New Testament, you will know that the "prophets" in the Old Testament were "Jewish priests, preachers "(priests, ministers), all demon-possessed deceivers, all demons whom Jesus opposed. (5) "Asking the high priest to inquire of God with Urim and Tumim" are all faint-hearted rulers who wrecked the country and destroyed it.
10-42, (1) "5:21 The Philistines left their idols there, and David and those who followed him took them", Q. Is this so? (2) "5:23 David asked the LORD. 5:24 When you hear the sound of footsteps on the tops of the mulberry trees, go forward with haste, for then the LORD has gone before you to attack the Philistine army", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) It is all a lie of the "Jewish preachers" (priests, pastors). "David and those who followed him took away the idols that the Philistines had left there", is this not blaming David for worshipping "idols"? It was a Jewish rule not to worship "idols", did "David and his followers" not know that? (2) It was all a lie by the "Jewish preachers" (priests and ministers). If "the Lord had gone ahead of you to attack the Philistine army", David would have waited at home and not gone out to fight. How could such a childish and ridiculous lie not have angered the righteous Jesus? For it was all about the devil slandering and insulting Jehovah.

10-43, [Explanation of the "devotional version:] "5:19-25 Every battle David fought was according to God's instructions. (1) he asked God if he should go to war, (2) he followed God's instructions carefully, and (3) he gave glory to God". "We tend to ignore these steps when we fight, and often make mistakes. We will (1) act arbitrarily without asking God's will; (2) take matters into our own hands, not referring to the counsel of the Bible or following the advice of other wise men; (3) take glory for ourselves or give glory to others, without showing that we have received all help from God. All these practices are offensive to God", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) They are all lies of the "Jewish preachers" (priests, pastors) who slander "David and the LORD". "He asked God if he should go to war, carefully following God's instructions and giving glory to God", such a person can only be a "Jewish preacher" (priest, pastor), only a psychopath, not any normal soldier at all. (2) "It is not God who is offended by these practices", it is the "Jewish missionaries" (priests and ministers) who are offended, because you have a clear and rational mind and you have made the "Jewish priests" (priests and ministers) of the group (priests, ministers) as a group of people who are not worthy liars. (3) Did you see that? This is how the priests kidnapped David and made him an instrument for the promotion of their doctrine.
10-44, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "5:25 When David had come to the throne, he prepared to build a temple (under God's guidance, which would unite the nation in the faith and help to stop idolatry)", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) The words "prepare to build a temple" indicate that the "Jewish priests" (priests and ministers) were motivated to do so. (2) The "building of the temple, under God's guidance" does not "help to stop idolatry" at all, but "does not help to stop idolatry, but rather highlights it". For only in this way did the "Jewish priests" (priests and ministers) have the facility and authority to compel people under the guise of God. (3) "Build the temple, and let men be led by God", which clearly promotes "idolatry", but is understood to mean that "Jehovah is not an idol", which is how the devil has taught men to "The only way to be a qualified slave is to become a confused person who "deceives himself".

Li Huaizhu Published on 27 March 2017 Nov 6 Edit Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





