The New Testament 27th book of Revelation (chapter 19) Blessed is he who goes to the marriage supper of the Lamb II
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
Revelation 19: It is written in the name of the King of kings and the Lord of lords (19:11-16)
27-19:11, "19:11 And I looked, and saw the heavens opened. And there was a white horse, and he who rode on it was called Honest and True, and he judged and fought according to righteousness": (1) 2014 is the Chinese Year of the Horse, the Year of the Jiawu. The Nayin of the year Jia Wu is sandstone gold; gold in the five elements of the five colours is white. 2014 is the Chinese year of the white horse. The master of the major events of this year is he who rides on a white horse. The year marks the tenth year of the Chinese Lamb's coming out of the mountain, and in the autumn of this year, the year begins with a verse-by-verse explanation of the Long Hua Classic, which is the official start of the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb". (2) Having learnt the method of gong practice himself, he became the Christ (the Son of God), and then spread the method which he had personally verified and confirmed to be feasible, and his disciples also became the Christ (the Son of God), who could see ghosts and spirits, and emerge from the underworld, which is "called the truth of integrity". (3) To preach falsehoods that one has not verified, even though one has not attained enlightenment and has not become the Christ (the Son of God), is the opposite of "called honest and true", and is "called fraudulent and false", that is, a shameless dog preaching This is the opposite of "called honest and true" and is "called fraudulent and false". Such dogs, in groups, become a "church group with a priesthood, a great city of Babylon". (4) "Righteousness" is fairness and justice. Words and deeds "called honest and true" are "righteous". What is called "fraudulent and false" is "unrighteous". (5) To be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is "this unique Christianity", that is, to make Christians Christ's indoctrination. This is the "unique Christianity" that makes Christians the teaching of Christ. Using this yardstick to identify the words and actions of those who are different is a satanic group, and such a form of identification is the "judgment". (6) To use this yardstick to expose the overthrow of the "ecclesiastical group of the priesthood, the great city of Babylon" is "warfare". (7) The one who "judges and battles" in this way is Christ "according to righteousness". He is the "Chinese Lamb".

27-19:12, "19:12 His eyes were like a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns, and a name written, which no one knew but himself": (1) "His eyes were like a flame of fire", indicating that he had a keen power of observation, and was able to make Satan (1) "His eyes are like flames", which means that he is a keen observer, able to make Satan remove his disguise and reveal his true face. He has been a household name in China for nearly five hundred years, as the Chinese people are familiar with the "Journey to the West", which was printed by Wu Cheng'en (c. 1500-1583) and written by Lu Xixing (1520-1606), an ancient Chinese from the Ming Dynasty, five hundred years ago. The Buddha became the Buddha in the Tang dynasty and is now descending to earth for the second time as the "Chinese Lamb" of today. (2) "Crown" means "title". (2) "He wore many crowns on his head", such as: the inheritor of the Taoist Golden Elixir, the owner of the Buddhist "Muni pearl", the second ancestor of the Taoist tradition Baiyang, a martial artist, a master of Yi, a literary scholar, a thinker, a historian, the person who overthrew the most demonic heresies, the advocate of "He is also the holder of several intangible cultural heritages, the one who "overthrew the old Buddha and replaced it with a new one", the revolutionary in the religious world, the pioneer of the Baiyang world He is the one who has personally issued the most books, the one who has personally compiled the "Great Tibetan Scriptures", the one who has been trusted and supported by the President, the one who has truly interpreted the Book of Revelation, the one who has truly interpreted the Qur'an, the Chinese Lamb, the Bow Leader, and the Confucian Child Buddha. (3) "And there is written a name which no one knows but he himself", because the "marriage feast of the Lamb" has not yet begun, and when the "marriage feast of the Lamb" has officially begun, his name will be known, and the whole world will know it. The reason for this is that the "marriage of the Lamb" had not yet begun.

27-19:13, "19:13 He was clothed in blood, and his name was the way of God": (1) As a young man, he was determined not to be a "frog in a well" in this life, but to learn with an open mind what he did not know. At the age of 18 to 28, he completed his studies in Taoist Yi, and at the age of 29, he learned the "Golden Elixir" and became a Christ with divine powers, like Jesus. 35 years old, he was appointed to leave the mountain, and at the age of 38 (spring 2008), he had his own website, where he set up He set up a section on his website called "The Monitor at Work", labelled all the "people who use God to enrich themselves, create sins through God, and harm people's lives" in China as "devils' sons and grandsons" (Satan in disguise), and openly He has become an "antagonist" to all the "Satanic groups" in China. His words and actions to expose the true nature of the demon king were to "kill the demons", to "kill Satan" and to save the "saints" from their demons. From that year onwards, "he wore the garment splattered with the blood of the Chinese devil". This "garment splattered with the blood of the devil" would be the only garment he would wear in his life. (2) At the age of 40, he was given the "iron staff" (the needle of the sea, the golden rod, the "law of nothingness" that became Christ) and used the Vajra Sutra and the Tao Te Ching as "mirrors" to expose the true nature of Taoism and Buddhism. He used the Vajra Sutra and the Tao Te Ching as "demon mirrors" to expose the true nature of the Taoist-Buddhist demon king, and developed "fiery eyes" (eyes like fire). (3) At the age of 47 (spring 2017), he expounded the Bible, telling the world clearly that "those who practise the Old Testament are the Judaizers who killed Jesus, and that they are the murderers of Jesus' disciples under the guise of Christianity; the "singing of hymns and prayers" in Christianity today are the same as in Old Testament times. The "singing of hymns and prayers" in Christianity today is an updated version of the "works of the law" of the Old Testament, such as the "setting up of altars and sacrifices", which, although different in appearance, are the same in substance", thus beating the Judaizers who, under the guise of Christianity, are actually practising the "Old Testament". "(4) Explaining the Book of Revelation (4) Explaining the Book of Revelation, he revealed an unheard of "Christianity that makes Christians Christ", overthrew all "Christian church groups" in the world, and described "Christian church groups" as "Satanic groups". He overthrew all the "Christian church groups" in the world and told the Western world that the "Christian church group" was a "satanic group", and that he was thus "clothed in the blood of the church group".
(5) The "one true God" is invisible and omnipresent, the Mother who gave birth to the universe and the Father who rules over it. The "way of God" is the way and means by which people in this life can become Christ like Jesus in life and live forever in heaven after death. Only the way, the method, of "making Christians into Christ" is the "way of God". Any way or method that does not "make Christians Christ" is not "the way of God", but is "the way of the evil god Satan". (6) Let those who are alive in this life become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", which is the "way of God" that is "unique and unique in the world ". Only by becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" can he become "victorious" in the battle against Satan, "clothed in blood", and "like Jesus, the same as Jesus, the same as the "Lord". "and to be like Jesus in the kingdom of heaven for all eternity.
(7) Jesus' rebuke of the Jewish Church as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" is a manifestation of Jesus becoming "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron", a manifestation of the "victory" in the battle against Satan. This is the expression of the "victory" in the battle against Satan, so that Jesus "was clothed in blood", Jesus "was clothed in the blood of the Jews", Jesus "was clothed in the blood of Satan". Jesus was clothed with the blood of Satan", so that Jesus could live forever in heaven. (8) And what about you "Christians"? Do you have a man like Jesus? Why don't you have the words and actions of Jesus? Because the "church group" you go to is a "satanic group" under the guise of Christianity. (9) Let people in this life become "lambs who expect God's blessing, sing hymns and prayers, do charity work and are shepherded by priests" during their lifetime. This is the opposite of the "way of God" and is the "way of the evil god Satan". "The "church group" uses such "magic, the law of works" to mislead Christians into slavery in the devil's den, and Christians go to hell when they die. The "invisible sword" (magic, positive law) is used to harm the "wise lives" of Christians, and all the members of the "church group" "wear clothes that are splattered with Christian blood". 27-19:14.

27-19:14, "19:14 And the armies in heaven followed him on white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean": (1) "The armies on white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean" is the pure sun, the bright and upright, the open-minded, the open-hearted, the selfless, the selfless, the selfless. He is the opposite of the feminine Satanic devil who makes people foolish. (2) When he comes to earth and becomes a modern man, the "armies of heaven" will also "follow him" and will become modern men all over the world. Although they are miles apart, they are still "in touch" with each other. (3) By issuing various foreign language versions of the True Exposition of the Revelation in various forms, he has sounded a "rallying cry", which will be heard by "all the armies from heaven" around the world, who will gather at the right time and place to obey his command and take down The "churches and assets of the church groups" will be turned into "museums of Christianity", and the history of the "great city of Babylon" will be remembered forever as the domination of the Western world, so that the tragedy of mankind will never be repeated. Let all churches be "museums of Christianity" and forever remember the history of the "great city of Babylon" that ruled the Western world, so that the tragedy of humanity may never be repeated.

27-19:15, "19:15 A sharp sword will come out of his mouth to strike down the nations. He will rule them with a rod of iron and will kick the vat of the wrath of God Almighty": (1) Knowing what is "the way of God (1) to know what is the "way of God" and the "way of the evil god Satan", and to refute the "way of the evil god Satan" with the "way of God", which is "a sharp sword from his mouth", and such a person is the "Christ" (the Son of God). The blindness of Christianity to stand in its own way and slander all denominations outside of Christianity as "unholy" is not "a sword coming out of his mouth", it is a suicidal "sword coming out of his mouth". It is a suicidal "sword out of his mouth", which means that he is a walking corpse possessed by Satan's demons. (2) Christianity's blindness in standing up for itself and stigmatising denominations outside of Christianity as "unholy" is a selfish and narrow-minded satanic-devil mentality, the opposite of Jesus' teaching of "Love your neighbor as yourself; love your enemy". This was the reason why Christianity had not been able to open the gates of China for centuries, and it was not until the Opium War in 1840 that it landed in China with the powerful ships and cannons of the British and French forces and the Eight-Power Allied Forces, followed by the fierce "The Boxer Rebellion, the boycott and expulsion of all Chinese people. (3) We did not use Christianity to "kill the nations", we did not stand on the side of Christianity and vilify sects other than Christianity as "unholy", but we used the essence of the true meaning of the religions of the nations to refute and overthrow the dregs of the religions of the nations. They "kill" the satanic groups that have come from within to corrupt the righteousness of the religions of the nations, so that the righteousness of the religions of the nations can really work and the saints of the nations can become Christ and live forever in heaven.
(4) The "iron sceptre" is to make those who live in this life "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received the iron sceptre "The "way of God", which is "unique and universally practised", is "the unique truth that makes the saints Christ (5) Whatever the "Buddha's way" may be, it is the "Buddha's way" which is "unique and universally accessible". (5) It does not matter which sect "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", as long as they do not let people become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", they are to expose him as Satan's true nature, which is what Christ is doing when he "ruling them with a rod of iron".
(6) Because wine is the first of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame and love), the "vats", the instruments of wine production, are "a source of fierce anger". Thus, "the vat of the wrath of God Almighty" is Jesus' second "commandment to Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (7) To expose Christians who do not abstain from alcohol as the incarnation of Satan's demons who have come from within to corrupt Christianity, "kicking the vat of the wrath of God Almighty".
(8) Instead of allowing Christians to become like Jesus, who called the Jewish Church a "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" of Christ, they are told to "sing hymns and prayers and do charitable works", which is a way for Satan's group to make Christians drink "As a result, the Christians are all drunk and will not wake up until they die, and will not wake up until they die in hell! Who is this "winepress of the wrath of God Almighty"? It is the whole "Christian church group" of the Western world! (9) Tell us that the "Christian church group" in the Western world is the "vat of the wrath of God Almighty", and that it is "kicking the vat of the wrath of God Almighty". He does not know what it is to make the "vat of the wrath of God Almighty", nor can he "kick the vat of the wrath of God Almighty", for he is not the Christ who has "eyes like fire" (eyes of fire), but a "blind" beast. He is a "blind" beast and monkey, a Satanic demon. (10) Only he who kicks the "Christian church group" with "feet of bright brass" is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron "He is the Christ who is followed by "the armies of heaven on white horses" and who holds the "marriage supper of the Lamb".

27-19:16, "19:16 And it was written on his garment and on his thighs, King of kings and Lord of lords": (1) For the Chinese Lamb swept away "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Jehovah" with "a two-edged sword and a rod of iron". (1) Because the Chinese Lamb had used "the two-edged sword and the iron sceptre" to defeat all the five religions of the "Buddha, the Taoist, the Confucian and the Jehovah", "he was clothed in blood-spattered clothes" and was "victorious", so that "on his clothes it was written, King of kings and Lord of lords (2) He used "the light of the Lord". (2) He used his "feet of bright brass" to "kick the vat of the fierce wrath of God Almighty", so that "it was written on his thighs, King of kings and Lord of lords".

Revelation 19: Inviting the birds of prey to the great banquet (19:17-21)
27-19:17, "19:17 And I saw an angel standing in the midst of the sun, and he cried out to the birds of the air, saying, Gather yourselves together to the great feast of God": (1) "The sun", the sun is now above the people, not the red sun of morning and evening, but the whitened, called: the sun, the white sun. (2) "This angel standing in the midst of the sun" is called "the Buddha of the White Sun", the "Lord of the Middle Heaven, Maitreya Buddha", who is appointed by God as the "Master of the White For 18,000 years after 21 December 2012, Maitreya Buddha was in charge of the teachings of the "White Sun Heavenly Disc". The "Baiyang Tianpan" is the general outline of human religion, like the Ministry of Education of a country. The Chinese Lamb's Baiyang edification is the implementation of the "Baiyang Tianpan" edification. The "Baiyang Tianpan" formulates the syllabus and the Chinese Lamb, through his sect (Baiyang Dao Pan, Earth Pan), produces the detailed teachings and implements them. This is the "Heavenly Man". It is by finding the Chinese Lamb (Bai Yang Ren Pan) that the Christ who preaches the Law is found and Christians can become Christ. This is the true "Trinity": "Bai Yang Tian Pan, Bai Yang Dao Pan and Bai Yang Ren Pan". (3) No matter what country you are in, if you are a religious person and you do not practise the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the White Sun Buddhism of the Mother to the Root", then you have not accepted his teachings and you cannot become a Christian, nor can you "come to the great banquet of God". You can only go to hell.
(4) The "birds that fly to the sky" are not flying animals, but a Christ like Jesus, a Christ like Jesus who has the realm of divine power. The reason for Jesus' divine power to subdue demons is that he became "married" to the God of knowledge (the soul of life, the body of the Buddha, the great adulteress, Magog, who sits above the waters), and became The "heavenly immortal, the Christ", therefore has the infinite power to enter the underworld and to see ghosts and spirits, and can therefore heal the sick and save people. By becoming the Christ, one can become a "bird that flies to the sky" at any time. Without any prayer, without any formality or ritual, he can heal the sick and save people "in a thought".
(5) The "Great Feast of God" (the Peach Meeting on March 3) is the heavenly assembly that Christ can only attend after the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb". If you have not attended the "marriage feast of the Lamb", if you are not a disciple of the Lamb, if you have not learnt the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, the Baiyang Buddhism of the Mother to the Root", and if you have not become a Christ, then you cannot "fly like a bird in the sky "You can only go to hell to "go to the great banquet of the evil gods and devils". (6) When you find the Lamb, gather at the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" (the three sessions of the Dragon Boat Club), learn the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the Baiyang Dharma of recognising the mother's roots", and become the Christ, you will be able to "fly like a bird in the sky" and hear the cries of heaven. (7) "The birds that fly in the sky" will be able to hear the cries of heaven and "come to the great feast of God". (7) The "birds of the air" are all kinds of aircraft, guided weapons and cannonballs. (8) Hell is also God's creation, a place where sinful souls are held as part of the "great feast of God". (9) The gathering of all kinds of planes, guided weapons and cannonballs "to the birds of the air" indicates that there was a war and that those who did not participate in the "marriage feast of the Lamb" were not at the "White Sun Buddha". (the angel standing in the sun). Those who do not recognise the "White Sun Buddha" (Maitreya Buddha) and do not practise the "White Sun Dharma" of the Lamb are devils "of the time of Satan", because they are guilty of Because they have committed the mortal sin of "compelling people and harming their lives", they will be subject to "karma and retribution" and will not be able to live in the Baiyang world where the "Baiyang Buddha" is in charge. Therefore, the "Baiyang Buddha" called "the birds that fly to the sky" and many people "went to the great feast of God", which means they went to hell. This is the "death cure of Maitreya Buddha".

27-19:18, "19:18 You may eat the flesh of kings and generals, the flesh of strong men and horses and riders, and the flesh of all who are autonomous and slaves, and of peoples great and small": (1) These are "word-barriers" and are (1) These are "word-barriers", "antiphonies". The reason is that when one "goes to the great feast of God" one does not eat any animal flesh at all, let alone "human flesh", for the Holy Spirit abstains from killing and is a vegetarian. As long as one eats meat, one is not abstaining from killing, and one cannot "fulfill the cause and effect" of becoming a Christian. (2) These "kinds of people who are eaten by birds of prey" are all Satan's group who do not approve of the "marriage supper of the Lamb" and who slander it. "They are all Satanic lackeys who are in one of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and are all walking corpses who cannot keep up with the trends and have been abandoned by the times. (3) The Lamb tells the world that for 18,000 years after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, it will be "this angel standing in the sun" (Maitreya Buddha, Baiyang Buddha) who will be in charge of the teachings of the Baiyang Heavenly Disc, as long as religious people do not practise Any religious person who does not practise the Baiyang teachings of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother", and who still adheres to one of the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", is an incarnation of Satan who has disobeyed the Mandate of Heaven. (4) People all over the world do not believe that this is "God's will", nor do they recognise that God could have made such an "unbelievable" statement. However, the "Bhaisang Buddha" does not dismiss this "Bhaisangsei master" because of mankind's ignorance, and if you do not recognise this "Bhaisangsei master" appointed by God, you cannot live in the Bhaisangsei of Maitreya. You cannot live in the White Solar World of Maitreya Buddha. Thus, mankind has the "robbery of the sword". (5) Any disciple of the Lamb who approves of the Chinese Lamb and attends the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" (the three sessions of the Dragon Boat Festival) will receive the "blessing of God". Anyone who does not recognise the Chinese Lamb and does not participate in the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" (the 3rd Longhua Meeting) is an irredeemable "remnant" and will be called by the "Baiyang Buddha" The "birds of the air" will eat them up.

27-19:19, "19:19 I saw the beast and the kings of the earth, and all their armies gathered together to fight against the rider of the white horse and his army": (1) "The beast" is the church group holding the "cross" in their hands and having the "cross" in their hands. (1) The "beast" is the spokesman of the "church group" with the "cross" and the title of "priesthood", who are conservatives, hard-liners and populists in the Western world, hostile to China and anti-China "fascists", and who have no respect for China. Fascists", selfish, narrow-minded animals who have no regard for the truth. (2) They are enraged because their true colours have been exposed by the Chinese Lamb's True Explanation of the Book of Revelation. They all hated the Chinese Lamb so much that they bribed the President with all their gold and silver, hoping that he would be the "last straw" for them in the "great city of Babylon". It is not unusual for some presidents to be confused and make anti-Chinese statements. (3) The conservatives who support the Christian church groups, whose armies are gathered, oppose the Baiyang indoctrination of the Chinese lambs and the exposing and killing of them by the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation. It is only natural that they should "utter their last roar". The collapse of a "great city of Babylon" (a group of Christian churches), which had been in existence for over a thousand years, must have shaken heaven and earth. (4) "Those on white horses" are Chinese lambs. The "soldiers on white horses" are the "present Christ" who has practised the true interpretation of the Book of Revelation, that is, the Christians who have become "Christ". (5) The "Christian church group", the "wolf in sheep's clothing", which the world has rejected, has been exposed in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation for what it is, so that it will fight against the "Chinese Lamb and his disciples "The "wolf in sheep's clothing", which the world has rejected, has been exposed in the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation for what it is. The spokesmen of the "church group" oppose the liquidation, banning and takeover by the awakened elite of the Western world, the "present Christ", which is their final madness.

27-19:20, "19:20 The beast was taken, and the false prophet, who had done wonders in the presence of the beast, and had confounded those who had received its mark and worshipped its image, was taken with it. And they were both thrown alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone": (1) The "soldiers on white horses" (the righteous) besieged the "beast", and the "beast (1) The "soldiers on white horses" (the army of righteousness) besiege the "beast", and the "beast" is captured and subdued by the "present Christ", the awakened elite of the Western world. (2) "False prophets who have done wonders and confounded those who have received the mark of the beast and worshipped its image" are the masters of the "great city of Babylon", the "ecclesiastical group" with They are the masters of the "great city of Babylon", the group of "church groups" with the title of "clergy". When the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation was released to the Western world, it became known to the Western world that they were a "Jewish order, a satanic group" under the guise of Christianity. (3) In the 10th century gunpowder was used in fire attacks. After the Song Dynasty (960), firearms developed rapidly. The basic ingredients of gunpowder were: nitrate, charcoal and sulphur. At the time of the writing of the Apocalypse, "sulphur" was only a flammable ore, synonymous with today's gun weapons. The phrase "in a lake of fire burning with brimstone" can be understood as a battlefield, a conflict between two forces. (4) The two key figures who fought against the Chinese Lamb's Baiyang teaching and against the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation were "thrown alive into a lake of burning brimstone" and punished by God.

27-19:21, "19:21 The rest were killed by the sword that came out of the mouth of the rider on the white horse; and all the birds of the air ate up their flesh": (1) The "rider on the white horse" is the "present Christ" who practices the Apocalypse in the Western world. The "present Christ" is the Christian who has become the "Christ". (2) The "sword that comes out of the mouth" is the true "indoctrination of Christians into Christ" as revealed in the True Exposition of the Revelation, to refute the "church group's" attempt to make Christians "shepherded" by them. This is a farce of the devil's abuse of his slaves. (3) The "lambs" who have been "shepherded" by the church group, these "minions of Satan", have been "shepherded" by Christians who have become "Christians". (3) The "lambs" who were "shepherded" by the church group, these "minions of Satan", were "slain by the sword that came out of the mouth" of the Christians who had become "Christ", that is: they were convinced and refuted. (5) Those walking corpses who are indifferent to the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, who die without listening, who have no value in living in the world, they are not qualified to live in this highly civilized society, so that "the birds of the air have eaten their fill of flesh" and they should die in war.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 2 July 2017 15:50 5 July 17:34 pm Edited 30 July Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







