The Bible Old Testament 1 True Exposition of Genesis 28 Jacob the Deceiver meets Satan
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion Genesis 28 Isaac sends Jacob to take a wife in his uncle's house (28:1-9)
1. "28:1 And Isaac called Jacob, and blessed him, and commanded him, saying, Take not thou a woman of Canaan for a wife": (1) Just because Rebekah did not like Isaac's Hittite wife, Isaac would not let Jacob take a woman of Canaan for a wife, showing that "the prophets of the LORD " were men who listened to their wives. (2) It shows that Isaac was like his father Abraham in that they were men who listened to their wives.
2. "28:2 Get up and go to Padan Aram to the house of your maternal grandfather Pethuel, and take one of the daughters of your maternal uncle Laban to be your wife": (1) Selfish and narrow-minded, blindly xenophobic, and self-praising to destroy him, all of which are the mindset of the devil. (2) The family of Jacob is acting out what the devil is like, what they think and how they all do things. Everyone remember that.
3. "28:3 May the Almighty God bless you and make you fruitful and multiply": (1) Such words were originally the devil's way of instilling "ecstasy" in his minions under the guise of Yahweh, and in time the Jews were happy to be instilled with such "This is something that pleases the devil. (2) Those who believe in Yahweh will hear such words and worship Yahweh as an "idol". (3) The Almighty God blesses the good people who observe the rules of "not lying, not eating meat and not drinking wine", so that those who observe the rules will have many children and become many tribes. (4) The Almighty God does not bless the devil who "lies, eats meat and drinks wine", nor does He cause the devil who "lies, eats meat and drinks wine" to multiply and become a multitude. (5) It is the worst habit of Judaism as a whole that one does not know that one is not a "prophet of the LORD", and yet one is trying to deceive under the guise of being a "prophet of the LORD".
4. "28:4 To you and to your descendants the blessing of Abraham is promised, that you may inherit the land in which you dwell, the land that God gave to Abraham": (1) "The blessing of Abraham" is due to the fact that he lied and deceived in life and now suffers in hell (1) "The blessing of Abraham" because he lied and deceived in life and now suffers the punishment of "having his tongue cut out" in hell. Both Isaac and Jacob were in the habit of lying and cheating, which means that the "blessing of Abraham" had been given to Jacob, and that Jacob could not escape the punishment of "having his tongue cut out" in hell. (2) Abraham's tomb was the place that Abraham would occupy forever, and the tomb was "the land that God gave to Abraham".
28:5 And Isaac sent Jacob away, and he went to Batan Aram, to Laban the son of Pethuel the Aramean, who was the maternal uncle of Jacob and Esau.
28:6 And Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and that he had sent him away to Padan-aram to take a wife there, and that he had commanded him when he saw the blessing, saying, "Do not take a woman of Canaan as your wife."
28:7 And he saw that Jacob had gone to Padan-aram, obeying his parents' words.
28:8 Then Esau knew that his father Isaac did not see a woman of Canaan
9. "28:9 So he went to Ishmael, and took Mahalla as his wife, in addition to his two wives. She was the daughter of Ishmael son of Abraham, sister of Nebaioth": (1) Do you see? None of their families think, they don't debate, let alone revolutionize, they just mechanically imitate. (2) They are in a small circle, and they die in it, and they do not go out. They are all "frogs at the bottom of a well with their eyes blocked by a single leaf".
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 28: Jacob's dream of instruction (28:10-17)
28:10 And Jacob went out of Beersheba towards Haran.
28:11 And when he came to a place, because the sun had set, he lodged there, and picked up a stone from that place and put it under his head, and there he lay down and slept.
12. "28:12 And I dreamed that I saw a ladder standing on the ground, and the head of the ladder was above the sky, and there was an angel of God on the ladder, going up and coming down": (1) James the liar, you are under the spell of Satan, and there is no such thing as a "ladder of heaven" as you see it, for The word "ladder" is a metaphorical term for "the way to make Christians into Christ". (2) When God's messengers go from the world to heaven, they are not "on a ladder, going up and down", they are flying. If you do not even understand this, you are learning from the devil's education.
13. "28:13 And the LORD stood above the ladder and said, "I am the LORD, the God of your father Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and I will give you and your descendants the land where you now lie down": (1) I am I am the LORD, not only the God of your father Abraham, but also the God of Isaac, and the God of the whole universe, for the LORD made the universe, and if you are not wise enough to think that the LORD is your house and that the LORD does not exist among foreigners, you are a slave to idolatry. (2) The place where you now lie down is the place "I give to you and to your descendants". Any place where you stand is also given to you by the LORD, for the LORD is the Master of the universe.
14. "28:14 Your descendants will be as numerous as the dust of the earth, and they will spread out to the east and the west and the north and the south, and all the tribes of the earth will be blessed through you and your descendants": (1) This is all a worthless "blank check" that anyone likes to hear and that The purpose is to test your wisdom and see if you are covetous. If you believe it and covet it, you are a slave of the devil. (2) All the previous generations of Jacob's family were liars and deceivers, and he himself was a liar. Now Jacob has lied and caused trouble, and all the nations of the earth will be troubled by your lies and those of your descendants, not "blessed" at all.
15. "8:15 I am also with you, and I will bless you wherever you go, and bring you back to the land, and will not forsake you until I have fulfilled what I promised you": (1) Jacob was a liar who deceived his father and brother, and "will bless you wherever you go "Jacob's must not be the true Jehovah, but only Satan in the guise of Jehovah, for Jehovah is justice incarnate and will never bless a deceiver who deceives his father and brother. (2) The one who "led you back to the land and never forsook you" could only be the devil, for Jacob was very similar to the lying and deceitful devil, and was the opposite of the righteous and unselfish Jehovah.
16. "28:16 Jacob woke up from his sleep and said, "Here is the LORD, and I did not know it!" : (1) Jacob woke up from his sleep without awakening to the fact that he was a liar who had deceived his father and brother, and without any semblance of remorse, indicating that his family simply did not have the family habit of admitting wrongdoing. From Abraham to Isaac, all never confessed their faults, all made mistakes quite deservedly, quite frankly, quite stinkingly. (2) The devil's counterfeit Jehovah is not here at all, it is in you, and you are as infected with the virus. (3) It's normal for you not to know, because everyone in your family is an ignorant, stupid pig.
17. "28:17 Then he feared and said, "How fearful is this place! This is nothing else, but the house of God and the gates of heaven": (1) The ugly Judaizers and the Judaizers under the guise of Christianity do not have the sense that Jacob's family are liars, just because the book of Genesis does not directly say that they "lie and cheat", but because Yahweh deliberately hides It is because Jehovah deliberately hid the word "lying and deceitful" that he allowed them to treat Jacob as a "prophet of Jehovah", indicating that they were all lying demons, and that was why they admitted and covered up for each other. (2) Yahweh is the "father and mother" who gave birth to the universe, and is relatable, not "fearful". "How fearful is this place" suggests that it is the devil's den, the temple of Satan, and the gates of hell. (3) Jacob, you are a deceiver who fled for your life to this place to deceive your father and brother, and you have not shown any remorse so far, which means that you have no attitude to correct your mistake. You have encountered the devil, so you feel "how fearful this place is", which means that it is the devil's cave, the temple of Satan and the gate of hell.
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 28 Jacob makes a wish (28:18-22)
18. "28:18 And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and set up the stone which he had been pillowing as a pillar, and poured oil on it": (1) This was Jacob having a nervous fit. (2) This was Jacob doing extreme waste of food after being dominated by the devil in his thinking. (3) It is wrong to pour oil anywhere, but only in the pot, because oil is edible food. (4) Jehovah is a gaseous, spiritual light without poles, and does not eat at all, much less "drink oil and eat meat". Anyone who "drinks oil, eats meat, drinks wine, lies and deceives, commits adultery and steals" is a devil.
19. "28:19 And he called the name of the place Bethel (note: it means "temple of God"); but the name of the place was first called Luz": (1) The fact that the Jewish people today have written down the names of the places that James the liar said shows that they are in league with the lying liars. lying deceivers are in cahoots. (2) "The temple of the LORD" is in fact the devil's den of Satan under the guise of Yahweh. (3) The pulpit that "makes Christians into Christ" is the "temple of God". This was not the case in Jacob's Judaism. (4) The Christian who becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is a "temple of God". Christians have not become Christ, but have become minions who "sing hymns and prayers" and are a "temple of Satan".
20. "28:20 And Jacob made a wish, saying, If God be with me, and bless me in my ways, and give me food to eat and clothes to wear": (1) "Making a wish" is the devil's farce of demagoguery and misleading the public, and it is Satan's minion having a fit of It is a satanic minion having a nervous breakdown. (2) If your "food and clothes" fall from heaven, they are given to you by the LORD. If your "food and clothing" did not fall from heaven, it was not given to you by Yahweh, but you worked for it yourself. If you don't even understand this, you are a beast.
21. "28:21 Make me return to my father's house in peace, and I will make the LORD my God": (1) Whether you can "return to your father's house in peace" depends on your words and deeds, not on the LORD at all. (2) If you become a murderer, you will not be able to "return to your father's house in peace", you will be put in prison. (3) If you obey the law, you will "return to your father's house in peace", which has nothing to do with Yahweh, and you think "I will make Yahweh my God". This means that you have become a servant of Jehovah, the "idol", and that you have lost your humanity and have become a devil with a demonic nature.
22. "28:22 The stone that I set up as a pillar will also be a temple of God, and I will give you a tenth of everything you give me": (1) Jacob's brain is full of water. (2) "The stone that I set up as a pillar will also be the temple of God", this is the devil going mad because the temple of the LORD is in heaven. (3) The pulpit "that Christians may become Christ" is the "temple of God". This was not found in the Judaism of Jacob. (4) "Of all that you have given me, I will give you a tenth" is an attack of insanity. All our possessions are earned by our hard work, all the rubbish that Yahweh does not care for. The LORD wants us to be the righteous and the Christ like "Cain, Nimrod and Jesus", you are the glory of the LORD. (5) This shows that Jacob had made the transition from being a liar who deceived his father and brother to being a minion of the devil. (6) It shows that the more lying and deceitful the deceiver is, the more he needs the "idol" of Yahweh, for they are fugitives from justice.
(1) Jehovah created demons like "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob" to demonstrate various "works of magic", so that we can learn from their mistakes, not to learn from them. You must not be mistaken and you must not follow the devil's magic. (2) Whoever learns their words and deeds and goes, is mistaken, and starts now and corrects them immediately.]
Li Huaizhu Published on September 1, 2017 19:12 am 2 days 10:25 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article

