The Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Commentary (Chapter 13) The Devil's Group Selling Jesus
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 13 A beast came up out of the sea (13:1-5)
27-13:1, "13:1 And I saw a beast coming up out of the sea, having ten horns and seven heads, and on the ten horns ten crowns, and on the seven heads a blasphemous name": (1) "A beast came up out of the sea", which is an animal in the water that has become a spirit, the demons in the water. The deceivers of the sea (of men), the rogues and rascals who have no shame and are worse than animals, the vile and covetous and the greedy, those who promote the doctrine of Judaism as the "teaching of Christ" are all incarnations of Satan, the "beast that came up out of the sea". (2) "Having seven heads" indicates that this is a devil with "seven passions and six desires". "The seven emotions are: joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire. The six doors are open, and there are six desires. (3) "There are seven heads", and then there are the "ten horns". "These are the ten vices of the body, mouth and mind, called the ten evils, which are: (1) killing (tangible, eating meat and eggs. The teaching of magic that does not lead to clarity of mind, that does not allow Christians to become Christians, that leads people to hell, is "harming people's wisdom" and kills them invisibly). I. Theft (asking Christians to donate money that is not used to "make Christians Christ" is theft in disguise). III. Adultery (sexual intercourse with a woman other than one's lawful wife). Delusions (deceitful lies). v. double talk (words that sow discord and do not allow others to get along). Sixthly, evil speaking (cursing with foul language; saying that Christians are not allowed to be the magic of Christ). vii. beautiful words ("God bless, God loves you, Jesus loves you" and other "beautiful, flattering words" that people will fall for because they like them). Covetousness (Praying every day is an expression of love and greed. Not giving away money for worthy causes is covetousness. Anger (not accepting advice, but becoming angry and slandering the person giving it). (10) Evil views (treating "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity work", etc., which have nothing to do with "making Christians into Christ", as "Christian doctrine").
(4) "Popes, priests and ministers" with "crosses" in their hands, who do not "make Christians Christ" under the guise of Christianity, are "wearing ten crowns on ten horns". (5) The word "blasphemy" means to treat with contempt or offense. To preach in the name of "the Father, God, Jehovah, the only true God" without "making Christians into Christ" is a "blasphemous name" of the devil. This is the "blasphemous name" of the devil. He is clearly a vile dog like a bedbug, but he shamelessly claims the name of the Holy Spirit, which has supreme majesty. (6) In the sea of men (in the world) there are incarnations of the devil with "the name of blasphemy on his head", who are "popes, priests, fathers, pastors" derived from the "ecclesiastical system and the priesthood". "They are the "Nicolaitans" whom Jesus hated, the title above the "lay faithful", the expression of the "name of blasphemy". They are therefore Satanic demons who play with Christians and have "ten horns and seven heads".

27-13:1, [Explanation of the "spiritual version:] "13:1 The beast was originally thought to refer to Rome, because the early Roman Empire was full of evil, both against God and persecuting believers. But the beast can also represent the Antichrist - not Satan, but those under Satan's power": (1) The emperors of the "early Roman Empire" all made themselves gods and demanded obedience from Christians, but this was the opposite of the Christian doctrine that there is only one true God, and so was not accepted by Christians. Although the emperors of the early Roman Empire were the devil incarnate, this was temporary and by the time Constantine the Great, in 313, Christianity had become the state religion and not the name of Christianity, Catholic doctrine was perfected and there was "Catholicism" (pronounced: Gathicism, translated: Catholicism, also known as Roman Orthodoxy), with "This is a sign of the devil's domination of Christianity from within the Order. (2) Catholic doctrine: The Holy Father is called the Father because he is in heaven and is considered to be the supreme and sovereign power. He is the first person of the "Trinity". The Son is Jesus Christ, sent to earth by the Father to save the world from suffering by the sacrifice of his blood on the cross, and he is the second person of the Trinity. The Holy Spirit, who enlightens man's wisdom and faith and turns him from evil to good, is the third person of the Trinity. These three Persons are not three separate persons, but one and the same, and all three form the unity of God. The priesthood is composed of bishops, priests and deacons. The pope, cardinals, bishops, archbishops, diocesan bishops, priests, etc., have the highest authority, are sacrosanct, and are elected by a college of cardinals, which is also the main advisory body to the pope. The indoctrination of these "Nicolaitans" (ecclesiastical groups) with their "titles" obliterates the "indoctrination of Christ" and they are all devils with "the name of blasphemy on their heads". They are all incarnations of the devil with "the name of blasphemy on their heads".
(3) "Antichrist" means "hostile to Christ" and refers to Satan in general, who corrupts the "teaching of Christ" by various means and forms. It is not known what the "edification of Christ" is, nor is it known what the "Antichrist" is. The indoctrination of Christians to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the unique "indoctrination of Christ" (Christianity). With this yardstick, the question of who is the "Antichrist" and the "Antichrist group" arises. (4) Jesus Christ does not have any "priesthood ordination", therefore anyone who has any "priesthood ordination" is the "Antichrist" and the "Antichrist group (4) Jesus Christ did not have any "priesthood orders" and therefore anyone with any "priesthood orders" is the "Antichrist" and the "Antichrist group". Jesus Christ never "sang hymns and prayers", so anyone who makes Christians "sing hymns and prayers" is the "Antichrist" and the "Antichrist Group". The "Antichrist Group". Jesus Christ never preached the Trinity, so it is the Antichrist and the Antichrist Group who make Christians practise the Trinity. Christ's group".

27-13:2, "13:2 I saw a beast in the form of a leopard, with feet like the feet of a bear and a mouth like the mouth of a lion. The dragon gave him his power, his seat and his great authority": (1) The leopard is brightly coloured, with brownish-yellow fur, covered with black spots and rings, forming an ancient money-like pattern, and is therefore commonly called the "money leopard". The "shape of a leopard" means that those with the "priesthood order" all wear "a magnificent coat of money" and are "money leopards "The beast. The "beast I saw was shaped like a leopard" indicates that the "ecclesiastical group" would use all sorts of fancy pretexts to collect money from Christians. (2) The Chinese word for "bear's foot" is "熊掌", which is a homonym for "elder brother"; "the foot is like a bear's foot "(2) The Chinese word for "bear's feet" is "熊掌", a homonym for "elder brother". The tone of a younger sister. (3) The phrase "mouth like a lion's mouth" indicates that the "lion's mouth", "bloodshed" and "death threats" (scaring people with "calamities") are the specialty of "priests" and "priests". (4) "The dragon" is a good example of the "priest"'s skill. (4) "The dragon" is "the great red dragon, the devil, and Satan", and "the dragon has given his power, his seat, and his great authority" to the hands of those in the sea of men (in the world). The "cross" and the "priesthood" are given to those who promote Judaism from within Christianity and under the guise of Christianity, so that all Christians become minions to promote "Satan's indoctrination". 27-13:3.

27-13:3, "13:3 I saw that one of the seven heads of the beast seemed to have been wounded, but it was healed. And all the people of the earth marvelled and followed the beast": (1) The Catholic Church strictly forbids the clergy to marry and has clear boundaries with lay people. The order is made up of the faithful, who are required to take the three vows of poverty, chastity and obedience, and to live in community. (2) "I saw that one of the seven heads of the beast seemed to have been wounded, but it was healed", and they had apparently abstained from "the seven passions: joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and lust". They are not married, they keep the three vows of "godliness, poverty, chastity and obedience" (one of them seems to have received a mortal wound), but they have a private side that is not known to them: they are "submissive and deceitful" (the mortal wound is healed), which is determined by their "animal nature". (3) "The whole earth is a place of peace". (3) "All the people of the earth were amazed" that the people of the world did not know that they were "Satan incarnate" (demons possessed by the devil), because they were a state-sanctioned, legitimate orthodox sect, and they used to use the term "brothers and sisters". They used the term "brothers and sisters" to bring them closer to each other, and then they "asked for a lot of money, spit on people and threatened them with death" (scaring them with the "plagues"). A group of people in a church, playing the piano, standing on a stage with sound and light, "singing hymns and prayers" as if they had drunk "ecstasy", temporarily satisfying empty hearts and minds, like a "concert". No one has become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron", because "to follow the beast "All are "beasts and monkeys" disqualified from being human beings, and all are minions of the devil's cave who confess that they are thieves.

27-13:4, "13:4 And he worshipped the dragon, because he had given his authority to the beast, and he worshipped the beast, saying, Who can compare with the beast, and who can make war with it": (1) The "lamb" who has become a "priest or pastor (1) He became a "lamb" for "priests and ministers", that is, he received "Satan's indoctrination". The "priests and ministers" (the beast) say: "Jesus said: Love your enemies, and since Satan is the enemy, let us also love him". Who told the "priest" (beast) to say this? It was "the dragon" (the dragon, who gave his authority to the beast).
(2) Matthew 5:39 But I say to you: Do not fight against the evil one. If anyone strikes you on the right side of the face, let him turn even the left; 5:40 and if anyone wants to sue you and take your inner garment, let him take even your outer garment; 5:41 and if anyone forces you to go one mile, go with him two; 5:42 and if anyone asks you, give to him; and if anyone asks you for a loan, do not turn away. 5:43 You have heard that it was said, Love your neighbour and hate your enemy. 5:44 But I say to you. Love your enemies, and pray for those who persecute you. 5:45 Then you may be sons of your heavenly Father, for he makes the sun to shine on the good and on the bad; he sends rain on the righteous and on the unrighteous. [Note: (1) These words are for "those who have ears", not for "those who have eyes and are blind without pearls", but in fact Christians are "those who have eyes and are blind without pearls". In fact, all Christians are "blind with eyes but not pearls" and are "without ears". (2) When you read the Book of Revelation and know what the "edification of Christ" is (to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass, having received a rod of iron"), you will know that these are not really plain words, but Jesus' "examination questions and gargoyles". (c) Jesus' words were addressed to those whom he himself had taught, and all his disciples knew that he had called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and that he was the one who had overthrown the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". "They all knew that Jesus was a revolutionary who was overthrowing the Old Testament era and opening up the New Testament era, so they all knew that Jesus' words were "reflexive" and that he was not really telling Christians to do that, but that it was a "test, a gateway" for Jesus. (d) Christians after the Bible was written had never followed Jesus, and did not even know what excesses Jesus had said or done that led to his "crucifixion", so to "look at the text" from one's own point of view is a sure way to misinterpret it and mislead others. It is a mistake.
(3) "Worship the beast, too," says that because Christians have become the "lambs" of "priests and ministers," they "also worship them, the beasts in their clothing, the incarnation of Satan. (3) "also worship the beast, saying" that because Christians have become the "lambs" of "priests and ministers," they "also worship them, the beasts of the field, the incarnation of Satan. Christians say. (4) "Who is better than this beast, and who can make war with it" means: you say that the "priests and ministers" whom we Christians worship with "priesthood rank" are You say that the "priests and ministers" with the "priesthood" that we Christians worship are "Nicolaitans, beasts of burden, the incarnation of Satan", but they are state-sanctioned, legal religious organizations, rich and powerful, with more than a billion disciples. Who among you can fight these "beasts of burden"? Do you have revolutionaries who have overthrown them? You are "no match for the beast, and cannot make war with it". You are not Christ, nor are you the "lambs" who hold the "wedding feast of the Lamb". (5) This is because it will not be the "end of the world" until after December 21, 2012, when the one who is "more than the beast, who can make war with it" will appear.

27-13:5, "13:5 And to it was given the mouth to speak great blasphemies, and authority to do as it pleased for forty-two months": (1) "And the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and his great authority", and to it was given the mouth to speak great blasphemies. of its mouth. The "priests and ministers" (the animals and priests) exaggerate Christianity as being all-powerful, saying that the sick can be cured and blessed through prayer, that God does not lack food and clothing for the faithful, that they can go to heaven after death, and that all other denominations are "unholy", and that all these are These are "exaggerated blasphemies" spoken by "mouths that exaggerate blasphemies", which are shared by "beasts of burden", for they do not have a single word that would make a person "a man with eyes like fire and a mouth with two blades". (2) "And having power and authority," and "having the power and authority of the Lord". (2) "And authority was given to it to do as it pleased for forty-two months", "forty-two months" being three and a half years, meaning that after a period of verification, Christians would discover that it was all "a devilish lie to pull heads into the Church "This is because the "gospel and prayer" have not made the sick well. (a) If "prayer could make the sick well", there would be no hospitals and no doctors, no "church hospitals" would exist, and the Christian "Red Cross" would be replaced by "prayer meetings". The Christian "Red Cross" should be replaced by "prayer meetings". The existence of hospitals, doctors and Christian "Red Cross" societies in "Christian countries" is evidence that "prayer does not make the sick well". (b) If Christianity could be blessed, there should not have been "two world wars". The world knows that "two world wars" took place in Christian countries. Why was Israel brutalised by the German Nazis during the Second World War? Why did Christ not bless Israel? Was it because the Israelis were not religious enough? Are the Israelis "Jewish" or "Christian"? (c) The fact that Christianity blindly slanders all other denominations as "unholy" is a manifestation of "the dragon, who has authority over it" and shows that Christians (minions of Satan) have "exaggerated blasphemous words" and are doing the same. They can "do as they please for forty-two months", after which they will find that their slander is not justified, and that others are in fact more "holy" than Christians. "The "unholy" ones are the Christians (Satan's minions) themselves, because other religions (Buddhism, Taoism) have the five commandments of "killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness", whereas the Christian commandments are vague. Christianity's own commandments are vague, and Christians are hardly aware of the "commandments", but are unholy, vile and shameless devils who "eat meat, drink wine and speak lies".

Revelation 13: Letting the beast fight against the saints (13:6-9)
27-13:6, "13:6 Then the beast opened his mouth and spoke blasphemy against God, against his name and against his tabernacle and against those who dwell in heaven": (1) "And the beast opened his mouth and spoke blasphemy against God" is in the "Old Testament", and all the "Old Testament" is in the "Old Testament". In the Old Testament", all the "Jewish priests" were incarnations of the "beast" and had the devil of the beast dominating their thoughts, and all their words were spoken in the name of God They were demons who kidnapped the divine and made it the instrument of their demagoguery, which is why Jesus called the Jewish Church "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (2) All the "Jewish priests" "in the Old Testament" were, by their words and actions, demons who "blasphemed the name of God and his tabernacle". (3) The Jewish Church became integrated into Christianity as the faith in Christ grew, turning Jewish doctrine into "Christian doctrine". If you are familiar with the words and actions of the "Jewish priests in the Old Testament", you will find that today's "Christian church groups" are actually upgraded versions of the "Jewish Church", but they have only changed the vocabulary of the doctrine. They have only changed the vocabulary of their doctrine, but the essence of what they want to say (the abuse of legal slaves) has not changed at all. (4) Today's Christian acts such as "singing hymns and prayers, building schools and Red Cross societies" are not at all what Jesus did back then, but have become the symbols of a dignified and representative Christian image, which is a manifestation of the devil's "blasphemy against the name of God and against His tabernacle and against those who dwell in heaven. This is a manifestation of the devil's "blasphemy against the name of God and against his tabernacle and against those who dwell in heaven. (5) This is not only the case in Christianity, but also in Buddhism, Taoism and Islam, for "when the way comes, the devil is born", and when there is a true way to bring people back to heaven, there will be devils who will come in and corrupt the righteousness of the law.

27-13:7, "13:7 And let it fight against the saints, and prevailed. And gave it authority over every tribe and people and people and nation": (1) "fought against the saints and won" means that all the "saints" have no sense of "fighting (1) "fought the saints and won" means that all the "saints" had no sense of "warfare" and were not in a position to "fight", but were defeated by the "priests and ministers", who were "beasts of burden and devils in disguise". One was because they did not want to become Christ and went to Christianity because they believed in the "Christian doctrine" that "through prayer the sick would be cured, that they would be blessed, that God would not lack food and clothing for the faithful, that they would go to heaven after death", and so on and so forth. The other is that it is not a Christian doctrine to be "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", so that the "saints of Jesus" who "chant hymns and prayers" are not Christian. Jesus' saints" are "lambs to the slaughter", minions who "deceive, mislead, and harm themselves", and so they are wiped out in the "battle" with the devil. (2) "The dragon" is the one who has been slaughtered. (2) The "dragon" (the devil) also gave authority to "priests and ministers" (devil-possessed animals) and other "teachers of the law" in various denominations, so that All the "teachers of the law" of all denominations became "devil-possessed beasts of burden, incarnations of the devil", so that they could use the "ecstasy" (the drug) of "falsehood as truth and wrong as right". They have used the "magic" (magic, the law of works) to "subdue all races, peoples, nations and countries", so that the people of "all races, peoples, nations and countries" are reduced to The "frog at the bottom of the well" is reduced to an animal, a slave who promotes magic and builds "hell on earth".

27-13:8, "13:8 Everyone who lives on the earth and whose name has not been written in the book of life of the Lamb that was slain since the foundation of the world will worship it": (1) The "Lamb that was slain" was made to teach men to become Christ (the Son of God) and to promote (1) The "Lamb who was slain" was the one who gave his life's work to become Christ (the Son of God) and to promote the "teachings of Christ". If one has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", one is not a "lamb", nor is one a "lamb to be slain". (2) The Master is "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and has himself become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", which is This is "the one who is written in the book of life of the Lamb who was slain". If your master is not "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and if he has not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", then you are not You are not "one who is written in the book of life of the Lamb who was slain". (3) If your master is not "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and if you yourself have not become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", then you are not You are not "one who is written in the book of the life of the Lamb that was slain", you "will worship it" (and become a disciple of any religion), and the master you worship must be "a devilishly clothed beast, the devil incarnate ".

27-13:9, "13:9 Whoever has ears, let him hear": (1) You yourself do not understand the meaning of the Scriptures. If you do not understand, you will be "a thousand miles short of the mark; a thousand miles short of the mark, a thousand miles short of the mark". (2) Sometimes people who are literate do not know the truth as well as those who are illiterate, because they tend to take the meaning of words rashly, looking only at the literal meaning and ignoring the "rhetorical method" used by the writer, or the circumstances in which the words were said. If you don't see the author's 'rhetorical approach' or the context in which the words were said. If you do not see which "rhetorical method" the author used or the context in which he said these words, and if you do not appreciate the author's meaning, you will be in the position of "reading the literal meaning and misinterpreting the author's original meaning". (3) Not having the heart of a sage and not understanding the meaning of a sage. This is the common problem of most people who try to interpret the book of Revelation without having their own opinions and keep quoting from the scriptures. (4) It is man who has borders, but no Christ (the man of the Word) has borders, for there is no second place in heaven. Anyone who does not have the five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" is a deviant who is not well educated enough. Those who are reduced to a "frog at the bottom of a well", who reject other religions without reason, and who believe that the five religions should be "drawn in a circle and never be seen together", are all "earless". (5) This is the eighth time that the topic is mentioned.
(5) This is the eighth time that the phrase "whoever has ears should listen" is used, illustrating the divine pains and repeated warnings. The first seven times are: 2:7 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches. 2:11 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches. 2:17 He who has ears, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches. 3:13 He who has ears to hear, let him hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches!

Revelation 13 A beast comes up out of the earth (13:11-15)
27-13:10, "13:10 He who takes captives will be taken captive, and he who kills with the sword will be killed by the sword. Herein lies the patience and faith of the saints": (1) "He who takes captive will be taken captive, and he who kills with the sword will be killed by the sword", which is the "law of the universe", also called "karma This is also called "karma". One yin and one yang is called the Way, and a balance of yin and yang is the right way. The balance of yin and yang is the right way. If you take people captive, the captive will have resentment if they do not want to, and this will break the balance of yin and yang. Therefore, God will let you take what you have taken from people and let you "be taken" in order to achieve "balance". (2) There are two kinds of destiny. (2) There are two kinds of life, one is the life soul (the consciousness, the body, and the magus) and the other is the nature soul (the self-nature, the nature, the heavenly nature, the genesis, the dharma body, and the gog). When the human body is damaged, the life soul leaves the body and the person dies. When a person is deceived, when he or she is artificially "blinded by nature", although the human body is not damaged and the person is still alive, he or she becomes a walking corpse in which right and wrong are reversed. The dharma body (the self-nature, the primordial spirit, and the gog) has "wisdom" in the sense that the body in this life (the life soul, the consciousness, and the magog) has wisdom; if the body in this life (the life soul, the consciousness, and the magog) does not have wisdom, and if it has not achieved clarity in this life, and if it has not practised the "non-dual dharma of clarity "Instead, they have passed on the magic (the Law of Action), which makes one's mind "turn outward and lose one's own nature", as if it were the right Dharma, which is the demon of "turning one's mind outward and losing one's own nature", and which is the death of the "(3) There are two kinds of swords. (3) There are two kinds of knives, one is a "metal product" that destroys the body's blood circulation system and can make people bleed to death; the other is a "magic knife" that can kill people invisibly, although it does not make them bleed to death immediately, but can reduce them to numbness of thought, taking falsehood for truth, and making them confused with right and wrong. The other is the "invisible" magic knife, which does not cause immediate bloodshed, but can reduce a person to a numbness of mind, a confusion of right and wrong, and a sinking of the soul into hell. As long as magic (the law of being) is not overturned by others, it can reduce people to walking corpses and sink into hell hundreds or thousands of years later.
(4) Religious people do not know what is "the law of nothing and the law of something, the ship of the law and the other shore, the mirror of the demon and the golden rod", and they have not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron", but they compel others to learn for themselves. This is the devil's way of "capturing people's wisdom" and the minions of Satan's way of "killing with a magic sword". Although you have not suffered "karma" for the time being in this life, you will be "judged" and of course punished as you deserve when your "virtue is exhausted and you are full of evil".
(5) There are two stages of "saints", "before and after enlightenment", so there are also two types of "saints' patience and faith". In the "early stages of the saints", one should not be in a hurry to propagate the Law until one understands what is the divine "unique and righteous Law", and if one does not know what is the "teaching of Christ and the teaching of the faithful "If you do not know what "Christian edification and religious edification" are, you will be "capturing people and killing them with the sword", and you will create consequences. "This is the "initial patience of the saints". We must be clear about what "righteousness and magic" are, we must have a sense of what "Christ" is, we must do what Jesus said and did, and we must not be afraid of the idea that we are enemies of the "Old Testament". We must have "firm faith" in the idea that we are enemies of Judaism, that we must walk in the way Jesus walked, that we must be "Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth", that we must not do what Jesus did not do, that we must not "sing We must not do anything that Jesus did not do, and we must not do such vile and shameless things as "chanting hymns and prayers", but have "firm confidence" in our own judgement. (6) "The patience and faith of the saints after they have become Christ": discovering that the words and deeds within Christianity are diametrically opposed to the Book of Revelation, that they are contrary to its teaching, that the Jewish priests of the "Old Testament" were all Satan incarnate, and that they can distinguish between the "New Testament" and the "New Testament". "The New Testament" is the Church's addition of "Satan's indoctrination", knowing that he has become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron ", not hesitating to become, like Jesus, an "enemy" to the church group, to have "patience" with their own isolation and the slander of the church group, and to have "firm confidence" in their own practices. "firm confidence" in their own practices.

27-13:11, "13:11 And I saw another beast coming up out of the earth, having two horns like a lamb, and speaking like a dragon": (1) "A beast coming up out of the earth" is a human worldly " clothed beast". (2) The teeth of herbivorous animals are grass-eating, not meat-eating, so they are not lethal enough. The "two horns" on the head make up for the shortcomings of the teeth and become a lethal weapon for self-defence, as well as a tool to fight for kingship and a sign of identity. (3) The zucchetto (plural zucchetti) is a small round hat worn by senior Catholic and Anglican priests. It is white for popes, red for cardinals, purple for bishops, and black for abbots and priests. It is worn by those with episcopal rank at Mass, except during the thanksgiving. (4) "Like a lamb" means to appear to be as docile as a lamb, but in fact to be a "wolf in sheep's clothing", because a "lamb" does not have "two horns" and is harmless. "It has no killing power. To make oneself out to be a priest with a "priesthood" is to have "two horns like a lamb". (5) A priest with "priesthood rank" who "speaks like a dragon" is speaking as arrogantly as "Satan the devil".

27-13:11, "13:12 He exercises all the authority of the first beast before the first beast, and calls the earth and those who live on it to worship the first beast, who heals the dead and the wounded": (1) "He is before the first beast" means that "Satan" under the guise of Christianity The "Satanic group" under the guise of Christianity uses "Christian charitable organizations, Christian charitable activities, and Christian charitable foundations" to promote its own compassionate image and to cover up the mortal sin of "creating sins through God and harming the lives of people. (2) "The first and foremost of all the sins of the world". (2) The "head of a beast who exercises all authority" is: having ten horns and seven heads, wearing ten crowns on his ten horns, with the name of blasphemy on his seven heads; shaped like a leopard, with feet like the feet of a bear and a mouth like the mouth of a lion. (3) Father, or priest, an honorific for priest and priest, is the head of a church. It is between a bishop and an assistant priest, and belongs to the seventh degree of the priesthood. It is a religious office in the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches. For thousands of years only male monks have been allowed to hold this position. Catholic priests in the Latin Rite may not marry for life, while Orthodox white priests may marry before their ordination, but bishops may only be chosen from among celibates. In addition to celebrating Mass and weddings, priests also perform prayers for the dying, confessions, the sacrament of the dying and even exorcisms. The faithful consider the priest to be a divine authority within the Church, a father to their souls who can "forgive their sins" on behalf of God. The priest's role is to manage the congregation in his own parish and to carry out missionary activities. He has the power to administer "Holy Baptism", to hear "confessions", to give "last rites", to make "Holy Communion", to bless He has the right to "marry" and, if entrusted by the bishop, to "confirm", but not to confer "sacramental ordination". (4) Although "priests may not marry for life", they may have "sexual intercourse" and are therefore "a beast that is healed of its wounds".
(5) The UN Committee on the Rights of the Child has reported that tens of thousands of children have been sexually abused by the Catholic Church, but the Vatican and the Roman Catholic Church deny this. The 2,600-page report documents that 35,000 children were subjected to violence and sexual abuse in more than 250 Catholic institutions in the country from the 1920s to the 1980s. In these juvenile reformatories, schools and soup kitchens, children were treated as prisoners and slaves, and rape and beatings were commonplace. In many church schools, beating became a high level ritual. Boys were more often sexually abused, while girls were beaten, and they even used various tools to increase the children's pain. A press conference was held in a hotel in Dublin (Ireland) on the day the report was published, but the authorities banned 20 victims from attending, sparking an outcry from people outside the venue.

27-13:13, "13:13 And he did great wonders, even before men, and called down fire from heaven on the earth": (1) "Called down fire from heaven on the earth" is misleading the crowd through magic, falsely claiming that only belief in God can be blessed, etc The "benefits of believing in God" are in reality a way of spreading the teachings of Judaism under the guise of Christianity and turning the earth into a purgatory where the world is tormented by "priests" (the incarnation of Satan). (2) If you read the Old Testament carefully and become familiar with the words and actions of the "Jewish priests", you will see that the "priests" and "ministers" of Christianity today are all "(3) "The fire came from heaven. (3) What will happen to the people after the "fire falls from heaven on the earth"? They will weep, for how can one not weep helplessly when one is in the torment of the fire? In church, Hymn 211, "Song of the Fountain of Blood", is the most sung hymn, "I do believe I do believe, Jesus suffered for me, the Father loved the Son so crucified, what an unrewarding love". "By letting the real culprit (the priest) do what he did as you did, you became "a sinner who is ashamed of Jesus", which is what "Jesus wanted"? Is this what "Jesus wanted" or what "the priests wanted"? (4) To make people feel grateful for their "salvation" by believing in Christianity, while in reality they become frightened "sinners against Jesus", is "fire from heaven on earth". This is a manifestation of the "fire that came down from heaven on earth" to torment and burn the masses. (5) Religion is supposed to be a spiritual home, and it is only right that people of faith should be untroubled by fame and fortune and attain the state of "being unmoved, contented and free". Instead of becoming "revolutionaries" like Jesus, who "overthrew the Old Testament era" and "saw through the world and became free", Christians have become How can this not be a "great wonder" that "sinners who are ashamed of Jesus"? The only one who can "do great wonders in the presence of men" is "Satan the devil", never "Christ, God".

27-13:14, "13:14 And because he had given him authority to do wonders in the presence of the beast, he confounded those who lived on the earth, saying, "Make an image of the beast that has been wounded by the sword and is still alive": (1) Let Christians who come to Jesus lose their wisdom and forget their original purpose of coming to Christianity to "learn Christ and become Christ (1) to make Christians who have come to Jesus lose their wisdom and forget their original purpose of coming to Christianity to "learn Christ and become Christ" and become "sinners who are ashamed of Jesus" and "beasts of burden", which is what the church group can do "in the presence of the beast". This is a "miracle" that the church group can do "in the presence of the beast". This "authority" to reduce Christians to "beasts of burden" was given to the "church group" by the "great red dragon, the devil and Satan (2) "Wounded by the sword". (2) The "beasts that live with the wounds of the sword" are the members of the "church group" who have given their lives to the promotion of Christianity, and they are all "beasts of burden" possessed by the devil. (3) The various titles of the Christian "priesthood" are the devil's images of "beasts alive with wounds of the sword", so that they can "righteously" promote Judaism, Judaism and Judaism in the name of Christianity. The various titles of the "orders" are the devil's "images of the beast that is alive and wounded by the sword", so that they may promote Judaism and Satan's indoctrination "in the name of Christianity.
27-13:14, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "13:14 Any teaching that contradicts the Bible is false": (1) It is the devil's "ecstasy". (2) The Bible consists of two parts, the "Old Testament and the New Testament", the "Old Testament" being the teachings of Judaism which Jesus overthrew. The words "any teaching that contradicts the Old Testament is false" could only have been spoken by Satan the devil, never by Jesus. (3) The "New Testament" outside of the Book of Revelation was compiled by a church group and contains many of the same teachings as the "Old Testament", indicating that Judaism was dominating the "Bible". Jesus used many parables with "refrains and metaphors", and you must misunderstand the meaning of the Bible if you just "take it literally".

27-13:15, "13:15 And authority was given to it to give life to the image of the beast and to speak, and to kill all those who did not worship the image of the beast": (1) "And authority was given to it to give life to the image of the beast and to speak", they could They alone have the right to interpret the Bible, for they alone are "lawful" and are the third "Holy Spirit" of the "Trinity". (2) All those who do not believe in Christianity, including those of other denominations, are devils and satans and will go to hell (all are killed), because they are "those who do not accept priestly correction" (those who do not worship the image of the beast) and will not receive the "salvation of the one true God".

Revelation 13: The Seal of the Hand (13:16-18)
27-13:16, "13:16 And he called all men, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a seal on their right hand or on their foreheads": (1) "All received a seal on their right hand or on their foreheads", i.e. they received the "church group" from inside and outside their bodies (1) "all receive a seal on their right hand or on their foreheads" means that they have been fully indoctrinated by the "church community", both inside and outside the body; including the belief in the "cross". (2) Quote: "The cross was introduced into the Christian Church in 431 AD and began to be erected on top of churches in 586 AD. The cross is the essence of Christianity, the centre of God's revealed salvation. It is an irreplaceable and sacred object in the hearts of Christians, worn as if the Lord were with them, praying and sheltering them at all times". These previous "indoctrinations of the faithful" are the main forms by which Satan, the devil, has obliterated the "indoctrination of Christ" from within Christianity. (3) "Wearing the body as if the Lord were with you, praying and sheltering at all times" is the "Satanic indoctrination", which is the opposite of the "Christian indoctrination". (4) "Let every day of our lives be spent in silent prayer looking at the image of Jesus on the cross. Let the crucified Jesus speak within us" is a manifestation of "Satan's indoctrination" obliterating "Christ's indoctrination". (5) Because Jesus rebuked the Jewish Church during his life as a "hypocritical scribe and blind leader", Judaism continues to use the crucifix as an instrument of torture and insult, but in a new way, giving it a new religion. (5) The Christian "crucifixion" has a new meaning and a new doctrine. (5) The Christian belief in the "cross" is the same as the Taoist-Buddhist practice of "burning incense and kowtowing", which is the devil's way of corrupting the righteousness of the law from within.

27-13:17, "13:17 No one may buy or sell except those who are sealed and have the name of the beast or the number of the name of the beast": (1) "missionaries" who have graduated from a church group's "seminary" and have a "priesthood teaching degree (1) "missionaries" who have graduated from the "seminary" of the Church group and have been given the "priesthood" are "sealed, have the name of the beast or have the number of the beast's name" and belong to the "class of devils "They will naturally defend the interests of the "church" from the point of view of their own fame and fortune, so they will not expose the sins of Christianity and will not "buy and sell". When confronted with the revelation of the sins of Christianity (selling, selling, selling off), they will "protect each other". (2) To "buy and sell" is to "make a deal". By exposing the sins of Christianity, the apostles are "trading", that is, "selling, selling, selling off" Christianity. (3) "Except for those who are sealed and have the name of the beast or the number of the beast" (priests and ministers), Christians in general "resist the devil (priests and ministers) in a situation of necessity and oppression" to violate and abuse them, and thus "make a deal" with Christianity. "(4) The devil has "sold, sold, sold off, sold off at a bargain price, sold off at a loss" Christianity.
(4) Under the guise of Christianity, the devil promoted the teachings of Judaism (Satan's indoctrination), and these "Nicolaitans" established church groups where the devil "bought and sold" (sold Jesus) and gathered great wealth. Christian "charities and institutions" (foundations, hospitals, schools, orphanages, Red Cross, disaster relief donations, etc.) are all funded by "trading" (selling Jesus). (5) Only "except those who are sealed and have the name of the beast or the number of the beast" (priests, ministers), ordinary Christians "may not buy and sell" because "it is not lawful". Only "missionaries" with the "priesthood", those "sealed, having the name of the beast or the number of the beast" (priests, pastors) can "buy and sell" (sell Jesus). to buy and sell" (sell Jesus) and to sell for money, because they are "lawful".

27-13:18, "13:18 Here is wisdom. Whoever is wise can reckon the number of the beast; for it is the number of a man, and its number is six hundred and sixty-six": (1) No one who does not know what is "the indoctrination of Christ and the indoctrination of the religious and the indoctrination of Satan" is "wise and intelligent ". No one is "wise and intelligent" who cannot use the Book of Revelation as a "demon mirror" to reveal the true nature of the devil, who does not know what the "beast" is, and who cannot They do not know what the "beast" is, nor can they "reckon the number of the beast". (2) Those who are not "wise and intelligent", who cannot "count the number of the beast", who do not know what a "man" is, and who do not know where the line between "man and beast" is drawn, will not be able to "count the number of the beast". They do not know where the line between "man and beast" is drawn, and will become shameless, worse than animals, and reduced to "beasts of burden" without knowing it. (3) It is absurd and ridiculous to understand "the number of men" as "the number of human names". (4) The "number of human beings" is the boundary between "man and beast", the height (scale, data) that a normal human being should reach. If you think of "666" as being about anyone, it is a sign that you don't know the boundary between "man and beast", and it is a sign that you have not passed the test here and are being tested. This means that you "do not have the heart of a saint and do not understand the meaning of a saint". (5) If you know that "666" is "666", you should not associate it with anything that is right, you are a "wise and intelligent" person, and you have You have "the number of a normal person" (height, scale, data). (6) If you do not have the "number of a normal human being" (height, measure, data), you are not "wise and intelligent", you do not know what the "beast" is, and you cannot "count the number of the beast". You can't "count the number of the beast"; you must have been misled by the devil, so reflect on what you've learned and see where you've gotten to.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 June 2017 19:50 16 days edit 26 July edit Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









