The Bible New Testament 27th Psalm Revelation True Exposition (Chapter 12) Satan the devil is thrown to the ground
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 12 The pregnant woman (12:1-2)
27-12:1, "12:1 And a great vision appeared in heaven: a woman clothed with the sun, her feet with the moon, and her head crowned with twelve stars": (1) Wuji gave birth to Taiji, Taiji to the two rites, the two rites to the four signs, the four signs to the eight trigrams, and the eight trigrams to heaven and earth. Explanation: Before the opening of the heavens and the earth, there was a mass of chaos, the Wuji. This is why "Taiji" is also called "Youji". Taiji gives rise to the two yin and yang yi, the two yi give rise to the four symbols of earth, water, fire and wind, and the four symbols give rise to the eight trigrams of qian, kan, guang, zhen, xun, li, kun and tui. Qian: Gold, Heaven, Northwest, Old Father. Kan: water, north, middle male. Burgundy: Hexagonal earth, lesser earth, mountain, north-east, young male. Zhen: Wood, thunder, east, the eldest male. Xun: wood, wind, southeast, eldest daughter. LI: Fire, south, middle female. Kun: E, Old Earth, Southwest, Old Mother. Tui: Gold, Ze, West, Maiden. Gold, wood, water, fire and earth are the five elements. The ten heavenly stems are: A, B, C, D, W, H, G, X, N, N, D. The twelve earthly branches are: Zi, Ugly, Yin and Mao, Chen, Si, Wu and Wei, Shen, You, Xu and Hai. In the centre is the earth of Wu and Hui, the eight trigrams are around the centre in eight directions; each trigram is a palace, the ninth palace of the central earth of Wu and Hui; this is the "nine palaces and eight trigrams" of Taoism, the Chinese "cosmology". (2) In the Book of Rites, "The Tao cannot be separated for a moment, but it is not the Tao that can be separated", which is the air on which life depends. (2) The Heart Sutra: "The Tao is not born, not extinguished, not defiled, not pure, not increased, not reduced. In the Tao Te Ching, the Tao is a thing, but indistinct and trance-like, in which there are images, indistinct and trance-like, in which there are things, mythical and meditative, in which there is essence, whose essence is very true, in which there is faith. The world is a place where things are mixed up and born before heaven and earth, silent and few, independent and unchanged, circumscribed and unchanged, can be the mother of heaven and earth, I do not know its name, so strong word for the Tao. (3) "One yin and one yang is called the Tao", and "Tao" (Taiji) consists of "one yin and one yang". The Tao is the movement of the sun and the moon in the sky, the Tao is the movement of all things in the world on earth, and the Tao is the movement of people through food, clothing, housing, birth, old age, sickness and death. The "sun" is the yang, the up, the gods and Buddhas, the life, the light; the "moon" is the yin, the down, the demons, the death, the darkness. (4) In Chinese Taoism there is a female divine who holds a dragon's head walking stick in her right hand and a "yin and yang fish" in her left hand, called Wusheng Laomu; she is actually the "woman" depicted here in the Book of Revelation.
(5) "There was a woman clothed with the sun and with her feet on the moon", which means that she is the Wusi Old Mother (Wu Sheng Lao Mu) who gave birth to "Yin and Yang", and whose name is "Buddha of Immeasurable Life" and whose Confucian name is "The name of the Buddha is the Buddha of Immeasurable Life, the name of Confucianism is the God of Ming, the God of Dang, the Emperor, the God of Heaven, and the name of Jesus is the One True God, the Father, God, and Jehovah, and in Islam it is the name of the Great, God, and Allah. In Islam, it is called "Al-Huda, Allah, and Allahu Akbar". (6) "Crowned with a crown of twelve stars," indicating that she is the first to rule the universe and has no higher glory than her, and that she is the common mother of all gods and Buddhas. (7) The five sects of the Mother of the Living Gods are spread throughout the world and teach people to return to heaven, and because of the different cultures, the vocabulary used is different, but the meaning of the teachings is the same: "Let Christians become Christ" and live forever in heaven. The fact that people are different and have different levels of understanding, and that "the devil is messing with the path" and that none of the religions have the idea of "five religions in one", shows that there are limitations in human civilisation and that there is still room for improvement. Today, with the "globalisation" of human civilisation, it is hoped that after the beginning of the "Last Judgement" and the "Last Judgement", there will be a rational and qualitative improvement in human religious thinking.

27-12:2, "12:2 She was pregnant and cried out in pain in the midst of the hardship of childbirth": (1) This is a parable, not a true one. If you have the great wisdom of "the five religions and the mother to her roots", you can hear the "painful call" of the old mother as she gives birth to all things (DNA fission, molecular mutation). (2) "She conceived" and gave birth to the universe and all things in the world. (3) "Called out in pain during the hardships of childbirth", indicating that the process of birth was painful because "DNA fission and molecular mutation" gave birth to all things. People do not hear the "painful call" of the old mother, they forget the "painful call" of the old mother, they do not "recognize the mother and return to her roots", they are all with the godfather "They are all ungrateful and ungrateful slaves of the law.

Revelation 12: The great red dragon will devour the woman's child (12:3-6)
27-12:3, "12:3 And there appeared a vision in heaven: a great red dragon with seven heads and ten horns and seven crowns on its seven heads": (1) shows that it is the devil, the opposite of the "masculine" nature of Christ's salvation, the harmful "feminine". (2) Christ makes people wise, makes them Christ who smites demons and saves them back to heaven. The devil makes people unwise, makes them "worse than animals", makes them "take falsehood for truth, wrong for right, the opposite of what they are", and makes Christians take the "edification of the faithful" for the "edification of Christ". "(3) The "seven heads" of the church are the "seven heads" of the church. (3) "Seven heads" means that this is a devil whose mind is full of "seven passions and six desires". (The "seven passions": joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and lust, are the seven emotions. Without closing the six doors of the eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind, there are six desires: colour, sound, scent and touch. Those who have the "seven passions and six desires" are ordinary people. He who has no "seven passions and six desires" is Christ. (4) The "ten horns" indicate that this is a devil with a "cross" in his hand. (5) The "ten horns" are the ten evil deeds of the "body, mouth and mind", called the ten evils, also known as the ten bad karmas, the ten evil karmas and the ten black karmas. The ten vices are: 1. Killing. Theft. Evil prostitution. Delusional speech. Five, two tongues, i.e., speaking out of turn and breaking words. Sixthly, bad language, i.e. bad language and bad swearing. 7. Eloquent speech, i.e., obscene speech, unworthy speech, scattered speech, unmeaning speech. Covetousness, i.e. love, greed, stinginess. 9. rage. Tenth, evil views, i.e., foolishness. In this order, the first three belong to body karma (sins committed by the body), the middle four belong to mouth karma (sins committed by the mouth), and the last three belong to mind karma (sins committed by the thoughts of the mind). (6) The "ten horns" are the product of the "seven heads". Only when one knows the "seven heads" can one avoid the "ten horns". If you do not know what the "seven heads" are, you must have "ten horns". The "ten horns" are the incarnations of various kinds of demons, the ten more typical demons. The kind of evil karma you have is the kind of devil you have fallen into. If you have made amends for your mistakes, you are Christ. This is "one thought of Buddha (Christ) and one thought of the devil", the difference between Buddha (Christ) and the devil.
(7) The high priests in Old Testament times wore crowns made of fine gold and inscribed with the words "Holy to the Lord". Exodus 39:30 And he made a sign on his holy crown of fine gold, and on it he inscribed, according to the law of the book, "Holy to the LORD. 39:31 And he tied the sign to his crown with a thin blue band, as the LORD had commanded Moses", which is a sign of Satan's power and blessing. The "crown" is the sign of the devil. (8) The demons who indulge in the "seven passions" are like "seven crowns on seven heads". Those who have the title of "pope, priest, godfather, pastor", etc., are devils who defile, scandalize and slander Christianity with their "seven passions and six desires". They are demons who "wear seven crowns on their seven heads".

27-12:4, "12:4 Its tail dragged a third of the stars of heaven and fell to the ground. And the dragon stood before the woman who was about to give birth, and when she had given birth, he would devour her child": (1) The "sunlight, sunlight, and warmth" released by the "stars of heaven" are needed for the growth of all things, and are the sustenance on which all things in the world depend. Without sunlight and sunlight, living things will fall ill and die. (2) "Its tail dragged a third of the stars in the sky and fell to the ground", indicating that "sunlight and sunlight" were damaged, and many creatures on land would become sick and die because they were "not fed and deprived of food". "This means that it is a demon king and an evil demon that harms people and invades things. (3) No one in the world knows who the "child born of a woman" is, but in fact the "child born of a woman" is the Western "Adam and Eve" and the Chinese "Fuxi and Nuwa" in China. Everyone who wants to return to heaven is a "child born of a woman". Whether one wants to return to heaven or not, one is a "child born of a woman", for she is the mother who gave birth to the universe (Father, God, Old Mother).
(4) The "child born of a woman" is called the "Buddha's child" in Buddhism, because the name of the woman's Buddha is "Buddha of Immeasurable Life". "The child born to a woman is called "Daozi" in Taoism, because the woman's Taoist name is "Wu Sheng Lao Mu". "In Confucianism, the child born to a woman is called a "Confucian child", because the woman's Confucian name is "Wei Huang Shang Di". "The child born of a woman is called "Christ" in Christianity, because the name of the woman in Christianity is "Father, God, and Jehovah". "A child born of a woman is called a Muslim in Islam, because the woman is called in Islam "al-Huda, Allah, and Allahu Akbar". (5) If you want to go back to heaven and become Christ beside "Jehovah, God", and you become a Christian (or any other believer), you are the "child of the woman whom the great red dragon will devour".
(6) Your master is not "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the voice of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", but you are a slave of the law who has become a thief and has gone astray. If your master does not let you become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in your mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", you are a slave of the law who has fathered a thief and has gone astray, and you are "a child devoured by the devil. (7) Your master did not tell you what "the teaching of the faithful" and "the teaching of Christ" are, but made you take "the teaching of the faithful" for "the teaching of Christ". You are a "child devoured by the devil". (8) You have become a "priest's lamb", singing hymns and prayers, a "poor sinner who killed Jesus", and you are a "child devoured by the devil".
(9) You became a Christian, but you were not allowed to become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", who is "the devil who devours children" (the great red dragon, Satan). (10) The one who makes you a "priest's lamb", who makes you "sing hymns and prayers", who makes you a "poor sinner who killed Jesus", is The "devil who devours children" (the great red dragon, Satan). (11) The church or order to which the "devil who devours children" (belongs) belongs is the "devilish group that devours children".

27-12:5, "12:5 And the woman gave birth to a male child, who was to rule the nations with a rod of iron; and her child was brought to the throne of God ": (1) "The woman gave birth to a male child" (boy), not "the woman gave birth to a man" (man). When you think of a "man" (man), you think of a tall, handsome person; a "man" (man) is usually over 160 cm tall. A "boy" is a "short man" who looks like a child and is less than 160 cm tall. The "boy" did not become a tall, handsome "man" (man) when "the iron sceptre comes to rule over the nations", but "It was the boy who received the iron sceptre, not the tall, handsome "man" (man), but "her child was taken to the throne of God". (2) The "iron sceptre" was given to the "boy" (boy), not the tall, handsome "man" (man).
(2) The "iron staff" is called the "divine needle of the sea" in the Journey to the West, and is the Taoist golden elixir for realising the "meeting of lives and the unity of heaven and man", and the Confucian "knowledge of heaven's destiny". It is also known as "The Needle of the Sea", "The Golden Rod of the Heart", "The Golden Rod of the Heart", "The Way of Nothingness", "The Will of the West", "The Seal of the Buddha's Heart", "The Myriad Ways of the Heart", "The Golden Lotus", "The Golden Lotus", "The True Dharma", "The True Dharma", and "The True Dharma". The True Dharma Eye Collection, The Teaching of the Other, The One Smile, and The Treasure Pearl of Muni. The classics represented are the Vajra Sutra, the Tantras Sutra, the Heart Sutra, the Sutra of the Last Relic, the Sutra of Perfect Enlightenment, the Sutra of the Great Brahma King asking the Buddha to resolve his doubts, the 21 Phenomenal Dharma Sutra, and the Dharma Sutra Discourses.
(3) The "iron sceptre" is the only yardstick for becoming Christ from a Christian. The only "iron sceptre" for Christians to become Christ is the truth and method of having "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in the right hand, a two-edged sword in the mouth, face like a blazing sun, and hatred of the Nicolaitans". (4) Christians have the "iron sceptre of Christ". (4) The Christian who has the words and actions of "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the sun shining brightly, hating the party of Nicolas" is the Christ who has received the "iron rod". The Christian has the "eye of the beholder". The Christian who has the testimony of the words and deeds of "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like the sun shining, hating the Nicolaitans, having received the rod of iron" has become the Christ; this is the only measure by which the Christian becomes the Christ. (5) If a Christian does not become "a man with eyes like a flame of fire, with feet like bright brass, with a voice like the voice of many waters, with seven stars in his right hand, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with a face like the sun shining brightly, hating the party of Nicolas", then not only has he not received the "iron sceptre", but he must have been "demonised". There is no such thing as being "alone" (as if you were not religious) without being Christ.
(6) Whoever has the "rod of iron" is the one who "rules over the nations with the rod of iron" and is the "Lamb of God", for all the "religions of the nations" of the earth are (7) "Her children" are the "children of God". (7) "Her child was brought up to the throne of God" means that this man is the man, the true man, the great man, the great masculine man, who has received the "rod of iron". If he did not have the iron sceptre, he could not have been "lifted up to the throne of God". (8) "And her child was brought to the throne of God", and for what purpose? (8) "Her children were brought to the throne of God". (9) Who is this "child whom she has raised to the throne of God"? Is there anyone who does not know? Those who do not know and those who do not want to know are the servants of Satan.

27-12:6, "12:6 Then the woman fled to the wilderness, where God had prepared a place for her, so that she would be fed for 1,260 days": (1) Do you know why this is such an exaggerated metaphor? It is an expression of trust in "the child whom she had taken to the throne of God". (2) "Her child was mentioned to the throne of God; and the woman fled to the wilderness, where God had prepared a place for her", indicating that she had no doubt about the child's ability to "sit on the throne and handle things", and that she had gone on leave. Without "her child being brought to the throne of God", there is no one to replace her, and the woman has no opportunity to "flee to the wilderness", nor can she "stay in the place God has prepared for her". She would not have been able to "keep her for 1,260 days". (3) "So that she might be fed for 1,260 days", which is her vacation. You will know if it is really "one thousand two hundred and sixty days" by looking at how long the "marriage feast of the Lamb" will last, and how many years it will be in the Berean world.

27-12:1, [Explanation of the "devotional version":] "12:1-6 This woman represents all the faithful servants waiting for the Messiah; the twelve stars on her head represent the twelve tribes of Israel. God set apart the Jews to Himself (Rom 9:4-5) and gave birth to the Messiah among the Jews. The baby boy was Jesus, born of the pious virgin Mary (cf. Lk 1:26-33). Immediately, the evil Herod wanted to kill the baby Jesus (cf. Mt 2:13-20). Herod was driven by Satan to kill the Saviour of the world in order to remove the threat to his throne by killing the newborn "king": (1) by farting about. Messiah is a biblical word, the same as the Greek word Christ, which in Hebrew originally meant anointed one, referring to a person chosen by God with special authority. (2) No one is a "faithful servant of the Messiah" who has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron".
(3) It is "Israel" who "has won the battle with God and with men". To be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, with a rod of iron" is to be "victorious in wrestling with God and with men" and to be "Israel". It is only by singing hymns and prayers that one becomes "a priest's lamb, a sinner who has killed Christ", that one is "defeated in his wrestling with God and man", not "Israel" at all, but Satan's They are not "Israel" at all, but Satan's minions. (4) The "twelve tribes of Israel" never existed, but are Satan's slander and mockery of "Israel". "The twelve stars on her head represent "the number of the heavens and the twelve branches of the earth", which is common to Chinese culture. (5) God has set apart the wise among the Jews, the "disciples of the Lamb" who practise the Book of Revelation, to Himself. (6) "Born of the pious virgin Mary" is Satan's way of slandering and abusing "Mary". It was not "born of the virgin Mary" at all, but a normal marriage that gave birth to Jesus. (7) "Immediately Herod, the wicked king, wanted to kill the baby Jesus" is a lie of Satan. (8) "Herod wanted to kill the newborn "king" to remove the threat to his throne and was driven by Satan to kill the Saviour of the world", a lie of Satan.

27-12:6, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "12:6 The wilderness represents a spiritual refuge from Satan's attacks. God helped the woman to flee into the wilderness, and also gave all sincere believers safe protection. Satan often attacks the people of God, but God protects them from spiritual harm. There are those who are hurt in the flesh, but their souls will be protected, and God will never let Satan take the souls of faithful believers": (1) "The wilderness" is a test to see if you believe it. If you believe it, you are a bastard who is worse than a beast. Think about it: How can a king on a throne "flee to the wilderness"? How can a woman who sits on the throne "flee into the wilderness"? Not one of you dares to contradict the "spiritual version" of the interpretation, you are all "warm water, neither cold nor hot, I will spit you out of my mouth". (2) The "wilderness" is the royal garden of heaven, the garden of peaches, the rivers of heaven, etc. It is not a place where Satan can enter. There is no "refuge" for the spirit of Satan's attack, only a devil's cave of the church where he is enslaved. Only by becoming the Christ who has been given the "iron rod" (the golden rod) to subdue the devil and Satan along the way, and who will not fall away during his lifetime, can he reach the "refuge" of heaven. (3) It is not God who protects them, but the Holy Spirit who sends the Church to preach to them, so that they may become the Christ who has received the "iron rod" and thus be protected from Satan's spiritual harm. (4) Without becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", their souls are not protected, for they are legal slaves who confess that they are thieves. (5) If you do not know that you have made a thief your father, and do not listen to counsel, God will let Satan take the souls of faithful believers and leave them alone. (6) Though the rain of heaven is wide, it does not moisten the rootless grass. The Buddha's dharma is boundless, but it will not help the unconnected.

Revelation 12 There is war in heaven and the dragon is thrown to the ground (12:7-12)
27-12:7, "12:7 And there was a battle in heaven. Michael and his messengers fought against the dragon, and the dragon went to war with his messengers": (1) Before heaven and earth were divided, the true air in the sky, which existed before heaven and earth, was subjected to the force of the return operation and formed "nothing". Later on, the true air of heaven was naturally sufficient. A little dust moves restlessly and the gathered air takes shape. From the true qi comes the point of vertical polarity, the round light begins to appear, and from the "nothing" comes the "something". The sea of consciousness, having removed confusion or ambiguity, reveals the truth. Clear and turbid qi, the yin and yang of heaven and earth, are separated and judged. A section of golden light is refined out of the Wuji vacuum. The golden light is condensed into a gas, and the gas is gathered into a shape, bright and clear, and is transformed into a Wuji Tianzhen Ancient Buddha, the Lifeless Old Mother, God and Jehovah. (2) Jehovah overcame darkness and was born, creating the sun, moon and stars to shine through the darkness of the universe to give birth to all things. Darkness is the opposite of the masculine energy of God and Buddha, and is a demon that harms people and invades things. Jehovah brought forth various gods and generals to subdue the demons and maintain order in the universe. Thus, there is a battle in the heavens, and it has been going on throughout the ages. The "day and night" (in the form of "sickness and healing", etc.) that we face every day are manifestations of the battle between the gods (yang energy) and the demons (yin energy). The relationship between "yin and yang" is one of "ebb and flow, rise and fall", a never-ending battle. (3) The battle between Christ and the devil is expressed in Jesus' rebuke of the Jewish religious order as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". The battle between Christ and the devil was fought when Jesus was attacked to death by a demonic group (the Jewish Church). After Jesus' death at the age of 30, the brief period of legalism ended and the devil's incarnation pursued Jesus' disciples brutally as revenge against Jesus. The devil became the "priest and pastor since the time of the Pope" and to this day has turned countless "Christians" into minions of the devil. (4) "Christianity" is in fact "Satanism", for not only has no Christian become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron ", none of them hated Judaism for the death of Jesus by Judaism, and none of them had the wisdom to discern "Judaism", which means that the devil had a complete victory for more than a thousand years (almost two thousand years), the "end time "(5) The West does not have this knowledge. (5) The West does not have this knowledge and concept because it is not in the "land of the rising sun", not the "centre of the world". It is the "centre of the world" that has the "all-embracing mind and the five religions in one". After the "end of the world" on December 21, 2012, the "Age of the Last Law" was replaced by the "White Sun Age of the Lamb". As a result, a massive "war" has been waged around the world.
(6) The name "Michael" means "who is like the Lord of Heaven". It is the one who brings forth all things and has the power to maintain a peaceful and inviolable order of things. Whoever upholds the rule of peace and inviolability, whoever is brave and courageous, whoever is narrow-minded and able to do justice, whoever is able to promote righteousness and justice, whoever is able to sacrifice life and death to eliminate violence, "is like the Lord of Heaven", and he is the personification of Michael. "Michael" will give him strength. All those who love peace, who defend peace, who resist aggression and oppression, who defend independence and freedom, who belong to the side of justice, are "Michael and his messengers", the "teachers of justice", the "teachers of justice". (7) "The Dragon" is a symbol of the "righteousness" of the "righteous men", the heavenly soldiers who subdue the demons. (7) There are two kinds of "dragons", those that are angels of God and those that are incarnations of the devil. The "great red dragon" here is the incarnation of the devil's evil, the very opposite of positive energy, a demon that makes people sick and breaks their fortunes and kills them. "Michael and his messengers fought against the dragon" is the battle between good and evil, the battle between Christ and Satan. The Christian who has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" will not know what "Michael and his messengers fought against the dragon" is all about, for he has become He had already become a member of the "Great Red Dragon" group.
(8) The practice of the true path is the cultivation of the "essence" within oneself, the refinement of oneself without the help of external forces, and the ability to "remove the evil that causes sickness and to save others" after one has attained the path, so it is the right path. "The dragon also goes to war with its messengers", to rob and plunder. Whichever part of the human body they rest on, the circulation of blood in that part of the human body becomes obstructed and becomes uncomfortable, sore, and slowly forms illness. When they stop at certain parts of the human body, the "essence" there becomes their sustenance for growing their power. The deceivers in our lives who are unable to feed themselves, who are mean and shameless, who are extremely nasty and deceitful in word and deed, are all incarnations of the devil who "takes by force".

27-12:8, "12:8 And did not prevail, there is no more place for them in heaven": (1) Heaven is closed, a huge castle made of pure yang matter, and only the southern gate of heaven is open; it is the only exit from the divine to the outside world. Your master is not "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron"; God has not granted him permission to pass on his disciples, so you do not have the divinely recognized "immortality", and you cannot enter the Southern Heavenly Gate. Your master has become "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron", and God has granted him permission to pass on his disciples, and whichever disciple formally follows him has the state of Christ, God grants him access to the Southern Gate of Heaven and becomes a man of the Word who, like Christ, can see God. (2) Evil does not triumph over good, so the "great red dragon" did not triumph. If evil had triumphed over good, there would be no world, for this world was established by the divine birth of righteousness. (3) "There is no more place for them in heaven" is a divine "test" to see if you have the wisdom to understand it. If you do, you are the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". But if you do not, if you do not use your head and take the meaning of the text rashly, you are a "blind man without ears". For demons and monsters are the same as gods and Buddhas; they are "unborn, undefiled, undefiled, undiminished" and cannot disappear; if we leave them, we cannot become Christ. (4) "There is no place for them in heaven" where the divine dwells, but they have their own place. They have their own place.

27-12:9, "12:9 The great dragon is the ancient serpent, called the devil, also called Satan, who confounds the whole world. It was thrown to the ground, and its messenger was thrown down with it": (1) "The great dragon was the ancient serpent named Devil", so the "great red dragon" was not a real dragon, but a python that approximated some of the characteristics of a dragon, a snake that took away the It is a demon that takes away one's "essence" and makes one sick and breaks one's fortune, and is not an evil spirit. (2) "Devil" is a combination of two types of evil demons, namely demons and evil spirits. If they are in the head, they can make people dizzy, have headaches and black eyes; they can also make people faint, go into shock, have epileptic fits, shout, run wild, cry and laugh. They can all dominate the consciousness of the human brain and can make people say unbelievable and inexplicable things. They can also dominate one's mind to make one write articles, writing words that reduce one to a devil's cave of minions and nasty and shameless words. "Killing, stealing, prostitution and wine, as well as wine, sex, wealth, fame and love" are the devil's main means of harming people, in addition to the "fifty demons of the underworld". (3) All sea and land animals (100 years of virtue a year) and plants (50 years of virtue a year) are demons if they have less than 30,000 years of virtue. Whenever they reach a stage of cultivation, they are punished by heavenly thunder (thunder tribulation), because they have not cultivated their own "essence", but have intercepted the "essence" of others for their own use, bullying the weak, taking by force, and violating justice, so they are subject to They are therefore subject to divine punishment. Those who have been in the world for 30,000 years have survived countless thunderbolts, have shed their evil energy and have returned to righteousness, and have been able to become righteous only through their words and deeds of "doing justice for heaven". (4) The human form, the soul of life and the soul of the corpse, are pure yin creatures of the same nature as demons. When they come close to a human being, they can quickly break the "balance of yin and yang" in the human body, causing the human being to release yang energy to balance with their pure yin, and the human being will then experience symptoms of illness. They are not the demons of the animal path, they are the evil spirits of the human body after death.
(5) "The great dragon is the ancient serpent, called the devil, also called Satan, who confounds the whole world". They are also called "adversaries and harmers". Because man has his own weaknesses, he is given the opportunity to be bewitched by demons. They are the teachers and necessary companions for man to become Christ, and man cannot do without them. (6) Because man is not wise and does not know enough about the devil, he cannot "wrestle it to the ground" and will be bewitched by it without knowing it. Christians do not know that to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the "unique" "indoctrination of Christ". The "chanting of hymns and prayers" and other "Christian indoctrination" as "Christ's indoctrination" is a sign of being "deluded by the devil Satan "This is a sign of being under the delusion of Satan. To enter Christianity and become a Christian, forgetting the original intention of becoming "a son of God like Christ", and instead willingly becoming a "priest's lamb" and confessing to be the "sinner who killed Jesus "(7) No one wants to be "deluded by Satan".
(7) No one wants to be "deluded by Satan", but Christians do not know how not to be deluded by him, because Christianity does not draw on the knowledge of "Buddhism and Taoism", and so is not aware of the various "incarnations of Satan and his sins" that surround people. This is because Christianity does not draw on the knowledge of "Buddhism and Taoism" and therefore does not know enough about the various "incarnations and magic of Satan" that surround people. The ninth house of the nine gongs and eight trigrams is earth, and its attribute is "central wu-hex earth", which means "earth"; it belongs to the "earth" sect, and is one of the "three religions in one" in China. It is the Chinese sect that has the ideology of "three religions in one, five religions in one, mother to root, and one to God". Zhongtianism is a collection of religions, so it brings together the essence of religious vocabulary so that one can understand at a glance what is "the confusion of Satan" (magic) and what is "the correction of Christ" (righteousness), which is This is the reason why "Satan the Devil" was thrown to the ground. (8) The Church of the Middle Heaven has received the magic of the Book of Revelation and has become "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", so that "Satan the Devil "was thrown to the ground, and of course his messenger was thrown down with him.

27-12:10, "12:10 I heard a loud voice in heaven saying, "Now is come the salvation and the power and the kingdom of my God, and the authority of his Christ, for he who accuses our brothers before our God day and night has been cast down": (1) Explaining the "Revelation "(1) The exposition of the book of Revelation, which tells the world of the true "edification of Christ", which is the "salvation of God". It is the "power of God" to be able to expound the "Book of Revelation". When the book of Revelation has been expounded, one knows what the true "edification of Christ" is, and one knows what the "Kingdom of God" is. (2) Having interpreted the book of Revelation and knowing what the true "teaching of Christ" is, he has received the "authority of Christ" together, so that The "salvation, power and kingdom of God" have now come to us. (3) "Our brother" is the Christ who is in the same state as Jesus in the world. The "accusers of our brethren before our God day and night" are the Church, the "priests and ministers" of the Church. It is the Church, the "priests and pastors" of the Church, who accuse our brother before our God day and night, because "there is a Christ in the world who is in the same state as Jesus" overthrows the demonic indoctrination of the Church group. (4) The "church group" that accused our brother before our God day and night has been thrown down, because "our brother" has the "mirror" of the "Book of Revelation". (4) The "church group" that was accusing our brothers before God day and night has been thrown down because "our brothers" have been given the book of Revelation, the "demon-glass", to reveal the true nature of the "church group" as a demonic group.

27-12:11, "12:11 The brothers overcame it by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their own testimony. They did not spare their lives, though they died": (1) The brethren overcame it because "we brethren" became "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, having received a rod of iron", because "Our brother" is an "angel from the land of the rising sun", a Chinese "great sage with eyes of fire and a golden rod". (2) The "Book of Revelation", as expounded verse by verse, is the "blood of the Lamb". You know through the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation that it is "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the voice of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron" that is "one and the same". "You have the "blood of the lamb" in you. You have the "blood of the Lamb" in you. You have the "blood of the Lamb" in you when you know through the "mirror" of the Book of Revelation that the "church group" is a demonic group. You have the "blood of the Lamb" on you. (3) The "Word of the Lamb's own testimony" is the "teaching of Christ" hidden in the Book of Revelation, which is "unique" and not created by the Lamb himself, but is a priceless treasure discovered by the Lamb. It is a priceless treasure uncovered by the Lamb. (4) When you read the True Exposition of the Revelation, you know "the word of the Lamb's own testimony". You know through the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation that it is "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the voice of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron" that is the "one and only "You will know "the word of the Lamb's own testimony".
(5) "Though they die, they have no love of life", not just the "ancient serpent", but all other demons (plant and animal) are of the same evil nature. Even if they are subdued and apparently promise to "change their ways and do no more evil", once they are released they immediately go back to their evil ways. They are cunning, sinister, hypocritical, false for true, despicable, hard-headed, stalking, bullying, taking, reckless, rude and reckless, not afraid of death, etc. These are their nature; they have all the despicable words and actions of rogue robbers. They have all the vile words and actions of rogues and robbers, corrupt officials and all the other villains, all of whom are incarnations of them, and all of whom are demons who dominate their words and actions. (6) Christians who have been "indoctrinated by priests" have come to believe that "Jesus died for me and that I am the sinner who killed Jesus", which are demons dominating people's thinking, leading them to mislead the public and abuse Jesus. The Buddha said in the true scriptures that "burning incense and chanting the Buddha's name" is "to see me with colours and to seek me with sounds, which is an evil way", but Buddhist monks practice the false scriptures and engage in "burning incense and chanting the Buddha's name". "This is a manifestation of the demon's insult to God and Buddha at the door. (7) All church ministers have demons who are more Taoist than "Christians", so they are promoting "Satanism" under the guise of "Christianity". Churches are generally filled with demons who have been in the church for tens of thousands of years, and churches are demonic caves.
"Watchman Nee: Satan's main work against Christians is to accuse them. But we can say: The blood of Jesus, the Son of God, cleanses us from all sin (1 John 1:7). The blood is the only foundation of justification (Rom. 5:9), and it alone can give us a clear conscience": (1) Satan's main work against Christians is not only "accusation" but "rebellion". Satan first stalks Christians through "accusations, false accusations and slander" until they compromise and become minions who abuse Jesus. It is "Satan's main work against Christians" to make them into slaves who promote Judaism under the guise of Christianity while slandering and abusing Jesus. (2) The "blood of Jesus" is the indoctrination of Jesus left in the "book of Revelation". If you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" through the Book of Revelation, you have not inherited the "blood of Jesus". You are not "cleansed from all sin", you are Satan incarnate. Only when you become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" will you be cleansed from all sin and return to God. (3) You do not know that the "blood of Jesus" is the teaching of Jesus left in the "Book of Revelation", nor do you know what is "justified", you will take the "unjust" for the "righteous". (4) You do not know that the "blood of Jesus" is the teaching of Jesus left in the "Book of Revelation". (4) You do not know that the "blood of Jesus" is the indoctrination of Jesus left in the Book of Revelation, nor do you know what a "clear conscience" is, and you will misinterpret You will misinterpret the definition of "no loss and no conscience".

27-12:11, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "12:11 The Lamb Jesus shed His blood for our sins, defeated Satan completely, and by "sacrifice" He was able to overcome - Christ's punishment for our sins, and our trust in Him. (1) Just because the Lamb was "slain", the "Jesus" who was "slain" is directly taken to be the "Lamb". (1) To take the "Jesus" who was "slain" as a "lamb" just because the Lamb was "slain" is a rash and crude "reading of the text" which is an untenable "pseudo-proposition, a fallacy", because "Jesus did not "open the seven seals" during his life. The "Lamb" who was "worthy to open the seven seals" is described in detail in the Book of Revelation after the death of Jesus, how the "Lamb" "opened the seven seals". "It is written in great detail. Where are the words and actions of the "Seven Seals" that were "opened" during the life of Jesus? There is not a single word in the New Testament about the "unveiling of the seven seals". Therefore, the "Lamb" is not "Jesus". "There are so many riddles and metaphors in the Book of Revelation that until today, almost two thousand years ago, no Westerner has ever "unsealed the seven seals". Therefore, not only is the "Lamb" in the Book of Revelation not the "Lamb", but the "Lamb" cannot be a Westerner from Europe or America. (2) "7:2 And I saw another angel, coming from the land of the rising sun, bearing the seal of the living God", this is the "Lamb", the "coming from the land of the rising sun", the Eastern The Chinese; not at all the Western Jesus, nor the Western man. If a Chinese expounded the Book of Revelation and "opened the seven seals", he would be the "Lamb" who "came from the land of the rising sun".
(3) The Old Testament Leviticus "1:4 And he shall lay his hands on the head of the burnt offering, and the burnt offering shall be acceptable and shall make atonement for him", for no one has ever revealed that this is Satan (the Jewish priests) speaking in the tone of Yahweh, and under such a demonic theory there is "Jesus shed his blood for our sins". Under such a demonic theory there is "the shedding of the blood of Jesus for our sins", which is a practice of the "Old Testament" Jewish doctrine and not at all the "Christ-likeness" of Jesus. The "Christian conversion" of Jesus is for Christians to become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", not at all "shedding his blood for our sins". (4) "For our sins we have shed blood". (4) "Our sins" are the result of our ignorance and karma. We do not know which of the "Old Testament" is the "teaching of Satan", and we sin because of our blind faith and obedience. Jesus was killed because he called the Jews who practised the Old Testament "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", so we know that the Jews who practised the Old Testament were "The blood of Jesus is the "precious blood". If Christians do not turn away from, and are hostile to, the Judaizers who practice the Old Testament, and do not know which words and actions within Christianity are Jewish doctrine, and who are Jewish in the guise of Christianity, then the blood of Jesus was shed in vain, because Jesus' death did not give you "eyes like a flame of fire ".
(5) "Jesus shed his blood for our sins and completely defeated Satan" is Satan the devil spreading "the delusion that what is not true is true and what is false is true". Jesus did not shed his blood for our sins, nor did he completely defeat Satan. The "crucifixion" of Jesus shows that Jesus was completely defeated by Satan, who is the god of death. (6) Satan is only a "synonym" for the devil, which is "immortal, incorruptible, incorruptible, and undiminished" like God, and therefore cannot be "completely defeated" at all, but only temporarily It is only temporarily or partially defeated.
(7) "Victory through "sacrifice"" is the devil Satan's way of spreading "falsehood as truth" because Satan wants Christians to "sacrifice" and "voluntarily". "This is because Satan wants Christians to "sacrifice" and "sacrifice" voluntarily so that Satan can win. If Christians do not "sacrifice" and "sacrifice" voluntarily, they will rebel against Satan and Satan will not win. (8) If you have studied the Bible and have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", you cannot "overcome", but will only be defeated.
(9) "Christ was punished for our sins" is the devil Satan's way of spreading "the delusion that what is not true is true, and what is false is true". (10) "Our sacrifice for trusting in him" is Satan's way of misleading us so that we will voluntarily "sacrifice".
27-12:11, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "12:11 When we are at war with Satan, we need not fear or flee, but serve Christ faithfully, for he alone is able to bring victory (cf. Rom. 8:34-39)." (1) If we do not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", there will be no "time of war between us and Satan", because we do not have the conditions for "war with Satan", but only for Satan. The conditions for "war with Satan" are not present, but only the subjugation of Satan. (2) "Always serve Christ faithfully" is "Satan's indoctrination", and "Christ's indoctrination" is to make Christians "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in their mouths, and a two-edged sword in their mouths". Christ's indoctrination" is to make Christians "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", not at all slaves who "always serve Christ faithfully". (3) "For he alone is able to bring victory" is Satan the devil spreading "the delusion that what is not true is true and what is false is true". The "edification of Christ" is for Christians to become "victorious" themselves, not for Jesus to "bring victory" to anyone at all.

27-12:12, "12:12 Therefore be happy, all you who are in heaven and who live in it! But woe to the earth and the sea, for the devil, knowing that his time is short, has come down to you in anger": (1) Because God and the Buddha and the devil are one yin and one yang of the Word, both made by God, the "heavens (1) Because God and the devil are one yin and one yang that make up the Word, there are two main categories of "heavens": the gods and Buddhas of heaven, and the devils of "heaven and heaven". (2) The gods and goddesses of heaven are all happy because they are Christ who has fulfilled his mission. The demons of "heaven and earth" are not happy because of their nature of bullying the strong and bullying the weak, which means that some of them cannot be happy; there are cases of fires between different groups fighting for territory. (3) "But woe to the earth and the sea" means that there is a plague on the earth. (4) "The devil knows that his time is short" because he knows that retribution will come sooner or later, so he "comes down to you in anger" and becomes "eight devils and fifty demons" along with the seven emotions and six desires of man. "They attach themselves to people who are not in the right state of mind, who cannot discipline themselves, who have poor judgment, and who cannot bear to be compelled, paralyzing their minds, making them no longer sane and sober, and turning them into despicable and shameless "corrupt officials and rascals" who do evil and endanger the harmony of society, sending people to hell. They have also suffered a great deal of evil.

Revelation 12: Raising the woman for a year and a half (12:13-17)
27-12:13, "12:13 When the dragon saw that he had been thrown to the ground, he persecuted the woman who had given birth to a male child": (1) The Chinese who practise the three religions of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism know what is meant by "the law of inaction and the law of action, the boat of the law and the other shore, and the law of the world". (1) Chinese people who practice the three religions of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism will know what "the law of nothing and the law of something, the law of the boat and the other side, the mirror and the golden rod", and Western people who practice Christianity will know what the true "indoctrination of Christ and the indoctrination of Satan" is. "The devil's "dragon" has no more room to promote "Satan's indoctrination" under the guise of Christianity and knows that he has been exposed for what he is by the Church of the Middle Heaven (1) The devil's "dragon" has no room to promote "Satan's indoctrination" under the guise of Christianity. (2) No demonic group can overcome the "male child who has the rod of iron" and is not qualified to "persecute the woman who gives birth to the male child", for any Christ has the power to protect the mother, for the power of Christ's law is "the power of the woman who gives birth to the male child". Therefore, there is no such anomaly as "the dragon that was cast down to the ground to persecute the woman who bore the man". It is up to you to see if you have the wisdom to see through it, if you have the strength to be misled by the scriptures. If you do not have such a state of mind, you will not be able to tell which of the "Old Testament and New Testament" are Satan's words, and you will be a legal slave under the devil's spell.
27-12:14, "12:14 Then two wings of a great eagle were given to the woman, that she might fly into the wilderness to her own place and hide from the serpent; and there she was kept for a time and a half": (1) These "word games" are sacred "See which of you is "blind without ears". (2) "Two wings of a great eagle were given to the woman", showing that God has the power of flight. (3) "that she might fly into the wilderness to her own place", indicating that there were palaces and palace complexes in the wilderness. If there were no palaces, there would be no "place of her own". (4) If one has the power of flight, one has the means to subdue demons and there is no need to "hide from the serpent". If God could not overcome the serpent, he would have been found by the serpent even if he had "flown into the wilderness to his own place". (5) "She was fed there for a year and two and a half years" is the same "play on words" as "she was fed for 1,260 days". If you take it seriously, you are "blind without ears".

27-12:15, "12:15 And the serpent was behind the woman, and out of his mouth he spat out water like a river, to wash her away": (1) God "can fly into the wilderness to his own place", so there can be no "the serpent was right behind the woman". If you believe this, you are "blind without ears". (2) "The serpent is behind the woman" is a "parable", which means that the devil is hiding behind God, and that the devil is disguising himself as a preacher of God's word under the guise of God. (3) The "woman" is Jehovah, God. (3) The "woman" is Jehovah, God. "To flush the woman away" means that the devil is preaching under the guise of God. (4) The devil opens his mouth and says "God bless, God bless you, Jesus loves you", and such "pleasant" words are "spitting out of his mouth like a river, to wash the woman away. ". You went to church and became a Christian "singing hymns and prayers" because you wanted to be "loved by God", and it was the "devil's spit" that washed God away, and at the same time washed you into (5) "Priests, ministers and priests (5) "Priests and ministers" who tell Christians to "worship God, rely on God, pray every day, and sing hymns and prayers" are "serpents behind the woman, spitting out water from their mouths like a river and washing the woman away. For God is making Christians "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", and not at all as slaves who "worship God, depend on God, and pray every day". ".

27-12:16, "12:16 But the earth helped the woman and opened her mouth and swallowed the water that came out of the dragon's mouth": (1) Those who have studied the Taoist "five elements of yin and yang "(1) Those who have studied the five elements of yin and yang in Taoism will understand at once what is meant here. The earth is the official in charge of water, just as a dam holds back water. The "earth" is the central earth of Wu and Hui, the ninth house around which the eight trigrams revolve, the middle heaven. The sect that belongs to the "earth" is the Chinese sect of the "Lamb", which has the idea of "three religions in one, five religions in one, recognising the mother and returning to the root, and returning to God". (2) The "Lamb" denomination of Zhongtianism has taught Christians what "Christ's indoctrination and Satan's indoctrination" are, and has taught them to "worship God, rely on God, pray every day, sing hymns and prayers "The "Satanic indoctrination" is "water spewed out of the dragon's mouth", that is, "open your mouth and swallow the water spewed out of the dragon's mouth". (3) This is how the Church of the Middle Heaven (earth) "helps the woman".

27-12:17, "12:17 And the dragon was angry with the woman, and went and fought against the rest of her children, who kept the commandments of God and were witnesses for Jesus. Then the dragon stood on the sand by the sea": (1) "The dragon was angry with the woman", which is telling the world that "the devil is born of the word and the devil disrupts the word". The devil dares to "rage" against God, and if you do not have "Christ, who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron" (Qi Tian Da Sheng, who has "eyes of fire and a rod of gold") as your master If you do not have Christ, who has "eyes of fire and a rod of iron" (Qi Tian Da Sheng, who has "eyes of fire and a rod of gold"), as your master, you will fall into "Satan's servitude" without knowing it. (2) The devil cannot overcome "Christ, who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", so he "goes and fights with the rest of her children". If you do not know what the "eight devils and the fifty demons" are, and you do not perceive that the "eight devils and the fifty demons" are attacking you, then you are defeated by the devil. (3) Only those who keep the commandments are "children of God". If you do not know the five precepts of "killing, stealing, adultery, vileness and wine" and do not keep them, you are not a "child of God", but a "slave of the devil". They are all "minions of the devil". We know that the eight demons are "wine, sex, wealth, fame and love", and that if we do not keep them, we will be surrounded by the "fifty demons". Only by overcoming the "eight demons and the 50 demons" are we "children who keep the commandments of God". Those who do not overcome the eight demons and the 50 demons are not "children of God", but "servants of the devil".
(4) Knowing that Jesus was killed by Judaism because he overthrew the indoctrination of the "Old Testament era", and opposing the demonic doctrines of the Jewish priests in the "Old Testament", this is the one who "testifies to Jesus This is the "witness for Jesus". I don't know that anyone who opposes the demonic doctrines of the Jewish priests in the Old Testament is not a "witness for Jesus". Those who practise the Old Testament teachings are "witnesses to Judaism" and are Judaizers who continue to pursue Jesus. (5) Finding that the "New Testament" contains many "words and deeds of the Jewish priests", one realizes that the Church has kidnapped Jesus' disciples and is promoting Judaism in the guise of Jesus' disciples, slandering and abusing Jesus, and that this is the "witness for Jesus". Jesus' witness". Those who never dare to question the words of the Old Testament and the New Testament and are Christians who do not know right from wrong are "witnesses to Judaism" and are Judaizers who are after Jesus under the guise of Christianity.
(6) Those who practice the Book of Revelation and become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" are "witnesses for Jesus". He who knows what "the indoctrination of Christ and the indoctrination of Christians and the indoctrination of Satan" is, and becomes the one who overthrows all church groups, is the one who "testifies to Jesus". Let the book of Revelation be the "mirror" that exposes "Satan's indoctrination", that is "a witness for Jesus". (7) Not knowing the metaphors in the book of Revelation, not knowing that Jesus is not a "lamb" at all, not even a "witness for Jesus". (8) Unaware that the "singing of hymns and prayers" is a "Satanic group" promoting "Judaism and Satanic indoctrination" under the guise of Christianity, and that none of them are They are not "witnesses to Jesus", but "witnesses to Judaism", and they are all Jews who continue to pursue Jesus. (9) After studying the Bible and becoming a Christian, if you do not know what it means to "keep God's commandments and bear witness to Jesus", and if you do not have the courage to "keep God's commandments and bear witness to Jesus", please leave Christianity and become an ordinary person. You will then be able to avoid becoming a slave to the law and not knowing it. Religion is a "muddy water" and "if you don't get the right way, you will get the evil one"; there is no such thing as not getting the right way and not losing anything.
(10) As long as you are a "child of God who keeps the commandments of God and testifies about Jesus", you must accept "warfare", for "Satan goes to war with the rest of her children", and Satan is a Satan is a "war-monger" and it is his nature to do harm to others. For the "children of God who keep the commandments of God and bear witness to Jesus" have become Christ, and have the power to "cast the devil to the ground". In order to prevent Christ from throwing "them devils to the ground", they do everything possible to hinder Christians from becoming Christ. In order to better "hinder Christians from becoming Christ", Satan entered Christianity and became the ruling "priests and ministers" in the churches, promoting "Satan's indoctrination" under the guise of Christianity and successfully turning Christians into Christians. "They have succeeded in turning Christians into Jews under the guise of Christianity. (11) To make Christians "the lambs of priests and pastors", to make Christians take "singing hymns and prayers" as Christian doctrine, and to make Christians "sinners who killed Jesus This is the ultimate goal and the greatest victory of "Christian edification and Satan's edification", for the "edification of Christ" is to make Christians "with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in their mouth, and with feet like bright bronze". (12) "Then the dragon will be a man of God.
(12) "Then the dragon stood on the sand of the seashore", these are the "questions and gates" of the divine test of wisdom, and if you believe them, you will be tested and fall away, for the devil is everywhere, all around us, and never leaves us. .

Posted by Li Huaiju on 8 June 2017 15:38 12 19:25 Edited 25 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









