The Bible Old Testament 1 True Exposition of Genesis Chapter 42 Jacob Breaks the Bread
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion (1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto every creature that is in the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down and worship those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. The teaching of the Lord, who "makes Christians Christ", is the opposite.
Genesis 42 Jacob sends his sons to Egypt to buy food (42:1-13)
42:1 When Jacob saw that there was bread in Egypt, he said to his sons, "Why are you looking at one another?
2. "42:2 I have heard that there is bread in Egypt; go down and buy some for us from there, that we may live and not die." (1) Jacob the liar, are you not a "prophet of the LORD"? Are you not "Israel"? Why didn't you know there was going to be a famine? Why didn't the LORD tell you? Is it because you did not give the LORD a "burnt offering"? (2) Jacob the liar, weren't your father and your grandfather both "prophets of the LORD"? Didn't the LORD tell you to call yourself "Israel"? Why didn't you know there was going to be a famine? Why didn't the LORD tell you? Is it because you did not give the LORD a "burnt offering"? Is it the LORD you are meeting? How can you tell if Satan is pretending to be Yahweh under the guise of Yahweh?
42:3 So all Joseph's ten brothers went down to Egypt to buy grain.
4. "42:4 But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob did not send him with his brothers, for Jacob said, Lest he should be harmed." : (1) Jacob's inability to treat each of his sons fairly shows that he had a serious case of partiality. (2) "Lest he should be harmed" is a lie and deception on Jacob's part, and it seems that Jacob would not be able to change his lie and deception until he died.
42:5 Among those who came to buy grain were the sons of Israel, for there was also a famine in the land of Canaan.
42:6 It was Joseph who ruled the land of Egypt at that time, and it was he who gathered grain for all the people of the land. Joseph's brothers came and fell on their faces to the ground and worshipped him.
42:7 When Joseph saw his brothers, he recognized them, but pretended to be a stranger and spoke harshly to them, asking them, "Where have you come from?" They said, "We have come from the land of Canaan to buy grain."
42:8 Joseph recognized his brothers, but they did not recognize him.
42:9 When Joseph remembered the two dreams he had had, he said to them, "You are spies, who have come to spy out the truth of the land."
42:10 They said to him, "Not so, my lord; the servants have come to buy grain.
42:11 We are all sons of one man, honest men; the servants are not spies."
42:12 Joseph said, "Otherwise, you would have come to spy out the truth of the land."
13. "42:13 And they said, "The servants were twelve brothers, sons of one man in the land of Canaan; the top little one is now with our father, and one is gone." : (1) "Benjamin", the youngest, is now with our father. (2) "One was left without", Joseph, who was sold into Egypt.
Genesis 42: Joseph's favouritism and malpractice (42:14-25)
42:14 And Joseph said, "It is indeed true that I said before that you were spies.
15, 42:15 I swear by Pharaoh's life that if your little brothers do not come here, you shall not come out of this place, and from then on you shall be testified. (1) "I swore by the life of Pharaoh" is Joseph showing the ugliness and ignorance of the Israelites. (2) Matthew 5:34 But I say to you, "Swear nothing. 5:35 Do not swear by heaven, for heaven is God's seat; 5:35 or by the earth, for it is his footstool; or by Jerusalem, for it is the capital of the great king; 5:36 or by your head, for you cannot make one hair black or white. (3) Pharaoh was commanded by the LORD to rule over Egypt, and "Pharaoh's life" was a command from the LORD. To "swear by the life of Pharaoh" is to swear by the command of the LORD.
16. "42:16 A man shall be sent among you to bring your brothers. As for you, all of you shall be imprisoned here, so that you may prove the truth of your words, and if not, I swear by the life of Pharaoh that you must be spies." : (1) Matthew 5:34 But I say to you, swear nothing. (2) "I swear by Pharaoh's life", Joseph, means that you are a sinner who slanders Pharaoh.
42:17 So Joseph put them all in prison for three days.
18. "42:18 On the third day Joseph said to them, "I am God-fearing; do as I say and you will live." (1) He who fears the LORD shows that the LORD is in his heart as "the master and the servant", the relationship between Satan and the devil. (2) The "prophets of the LORD" (the Jewish priests) were all outwardly "God-fearing", but they also lied and cheated, drank wine, killed and ate flesh, stole and committed adultery. (3) He who honours and loves the LORD shows that the LORD is in his heart as "mother and son, father and son", the relationship between the LORD and Christ.
42:19 If you are honest men, you may keep one of you in prison, but you may bring back grain to save your families from famine.
42:20 Bring your little brother to me, so that your word may be in evidence, and you may not die." And they did as they were told.
21. "42:21 And they said to one another, We have sinned indeed in our brother, and when he cried unto us, we saw the sorrow of his heart, and would not hear; therefore this affliction is come upon us." (1) When "Joseph" pleaded with us, we saw the sorrow of his heart and refused to listen, and so this affliction came upon us. (2) Is this the "honesty and repentance" of the devils? If you think they are "repenting", you have already been led into a ditch by the cunning Satan, for they only say that they have suffered the retribution of "selling their brother Joseph", and not a word of "repentance for their sins and promise not to do anything bad in the future". Do you not see that? (3) Are you not "mere readers of words"? Do you not see that? Why do you think they are "repenting" when they do not say anything about "repenting of their sins and promising not to do anything bad in the future"? You are all devils who "eat meat, steal, commit adultery, lie and drink", so you easily forgive the devil's "smoke and mirrors", do you understand? Beasts.
(4) You beasts of Jacob! Just shut your mouths and stop pretending to "falsely repent" for "selling your brother Joseph". Why don't you mention the atrocity you committed in Shechem in the land, when you killed all the men of the city? (5) Beasts of Jacob the devil! You "sold your brother Joseph" and now "this affliction has come upon us", and you killed all the men in Shechem in the land. What affliction has come upon you? (6) Beasts of Jacob the devil! Do you think that the LORD will forget your sins? Do you think that the LORD will forget your sins because you "sacrifice to the LORD" so that he will forgive your sins after you have accepted a bribe? Is there any justice and righteousness in that case?
22. "42:22 And Lupin said, "Did I not say to you that you should not harm the boy? But you refused to listen, so that the sin of shedding his blood was recovered from us." (1) Lupin, you dog-like, shameless beast, shut your mouth! (2) Did you not "say to you that you should not hurt the boy" because Joseph was your father's favourite, and you wanted to save him to return Jacob's favour, because you were sleeping with Jacob's wife? Therefore, do not be a "false compassionate" beast like you. (3) Lupin, come here, let me ask you! Why did you say, "Treat our sister like a prostitute" when Shechem sincerely wanted to marry your sister Dinah? Why do you think like animals? Why does the devil, who kills lives, dominate your thinking? (4) You beasts of Jacob! Come here, all of you! I ask you: Even if Shechem raped Dinah, why did you kill all the men of the city, when Shechem alone deserved to be killed? Why did none of you say, "Do no harm to anyone in that city other than Shechem"? (5) You beasts of Jacob! At what time shall your "sin of shedding the blood of the men of Shechem" be recovered from you?
42:23 They didn't know that Joseph heard them, for they had sent word among them by a general.
42:24 And Joseph turned and withdrew, and wept, and returned and spoke to them, and singled out Simeon from among them, and bound him before their eyes.
25. "42:25 And Joseph commanded the men to fill their utensils with grain, and to return each man's silver in his pocket, and to give them food for the way. And the men did as he said." : (1) Do you know what this was? This is Joseph "bending the law in favour of himself", a crime of malfeasance. For there is no text that Joseph took his own wages to buy food for them. (2) It shows that people change according to their circumstances. Most people change for the worse! The very few become good.
Genesis 42 Fear when you see gold in your pocket (42:26-38)
42:26 So they put the grain on the donkeys and left there.
42:27 And when they came to the place where they were staying, one of them opened his pocket to take material to feed the donkeys, before he saw that his silver was still in his pocket.
42:28 Then he said to his brothers, "My silver is returned, and behold! It is still in my pocket!" And they said to one another with fear and trembling, "What is this that God is doing to us?"
42:29 They came to Jacob their father in the land of Canaan, and told him all that had happened to them, saying.
42:30 "The Lord of the land spoke harshly to us and treated us as spies spying on the land.
42:31 We said to him, 'We are honest men, and not spies.
42:32 We were twelve brothers, all sons of one father, and one is no more, and the youngest is now with our father in the land of Canaan.'
42:33 The Lord of the land said to us, 'If I want me to know that you are honest men, leave one of you with me, and you may return with grain and save your families from famine.
42:34 Bring your little brother to me, and I will know that you are not spies, but honest men. So I will give you your brothers, and you may do business in the land.'"
35. "42:35 Then they emptied their pockets, and, to their surprise, every man's bag of silver was in his pocket; and when they and their father saw it, they were afraid." : (1) They knew that the Egyptians had not asked them for money to buy grain. (2) Did the Egyptian who left the "Simeon" pay for them? If he did not pay for them, was he not making a mistake?
36. "42:36 And Jacob their father said to them, "You have deprived me of my sons: Joseph is gone, and Simeon is gone, and you are bringing Benjamin away; and all these things have come upon me." : (1) Jacob, you dog-like beast! How did you say, "You have caused me to lose my sons"? How is it the fault of your sons? You are as stupid as a pig's brain. (2) "37:13 Then Israel said to Joseph, "Are your brothers not tending sheep at Shechem? Come, and I will send you to them." , Joseph went and never came back, it is your own responsibility Jacob, if you had not let him go, there would have been no loss of Joseph. How is it the fault of your sons? Jacob, are you a foolish pig? (3) "42:2 I heard that there is bread in Egypt; go down and gather some for us from there, so that we may live and not die." Jacob, it was you who sent your children to Egypt. It was your responsibility that Simeon was left in Egypt, and if you had not let him go, there would have been no loss of Simeon. How is it the fault of your sons? Jacob, are you a foolish pig?
42:37 Lupin said to his father, "If I don't bring him back to you, you can kill my two sons. Only give him into my hand, and I will bring him back to you."
38. "42:38 And Jacob said, "My son shall not go down with you! His brother is dead, and he alone is left; and if he perishes in the way you are going, it is you who have sent me down to Sheol with gray hair and sorrow." : (1) Do you see? This is the "Israel" that the "Israelites" were so proud of. He is just like a beast. (2) Jacob the liar, you beast, I ask you, "My sons shall not go down with you"? How many sons do you have? (3) Benjamin, "Has his brother (Joseph) died"? Have you gone to hell to verify it? (4) Could Benjamin have been killed in the way he was going? Do you not know as a "prophet of the Lord"? (5) Shut your mouth and stop talking nonsense and making a fool of yourself.
(1) Jehovah uses a lot of "running text" that has nothing to do with edification, in order to dilute our perception of the "dramatis personae", because the preceding is a scandalous image, and here a lot of irrelevant words are used to dilute the preceding "The purpose is to test our "memory" to see if we have forgotten their sins and if we see them as normal people. (2) Add more "plot" and use more "leaves" to cover up the only fruit to see how the "audience" appreciates it. Got it?
Posted by Li Huaiju on 11 Sep 2017 21:00am 12 Sep 10:45 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article