The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 21 The Notorious Abraham
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Commentary on Genesis, Chapter 21 The Birth of Isaac (21:1-7)
1. "21:1 And the LORD favoured Sarah according to his previous word, and he gave Sarah what he had said to accomplish": (1) Favour Sarah to give birth to a son and become the mother of a child. See if she will expel Hagar and her son and show her true face as a poisonous demon. (2) So that everyone might know what a devilish figure the "prophet's wife" was and what she had done and said.

21:2 And when Abraham was old, Sarah conceived, and at the day which God had spoken, she bore Abraham a son.
21:3 And Abraham called the name of Isaac to the son born to Sarah.
4. "21:4 On the eighth day of Isaac's birth, Abraham circumcised Isaac, as God had commanded him": (1) Isaac, the baby, was "circumcised" on the eighth day of his birth. The whole family of Abraham was also "circumcised", but not on the "eighth day of his life". This shows that Abraham was a very rash and absurd man. (2) "17:1 When Abram was ninety-nine years old, the LORD appeared to him and said to him, "I am God Almighty; be perfect before me. 17:2 Then I will make a covenant with you. 17:10 All you men will be circumcised, and this is the covenant I will make with you and with your descendants, which you shall keep". The LORD made it very clear that "I make a covenant with you" is not unconditional, but conditional, provided that "you shall be perfect before me". Abraham! If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you If you do not know what a "perfect man" is, or if you misunderstand the concept of "perfect man" and do not "be perfect before me", then you are "in breach of contract", and I cannot "fulfil the agreement". It's not a breach of contract on my part, it's a "breach" on your part. (3) "2:1 All things were made in heaven and on earth. 2:2 On the seventh day God finished his work of creation. 2:3 God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, because on it God rested from all his work of creation", meaning: all things were made in heaven and earth in six days. On the seventh day the Lord rested from all his works of creation, and God blessed the seventh day and set it apart as a holy day to begin to spread the education of the sages in the world. The "eighth day" here follows on from "God blessed the seventh day and set it apart as a holy day". The words "seventh and eighth day" are not true, but are a metaphor for "different periods of time". The "eighth day of birth" is not the eighth day of a child's birth, but the day when a man's wife gives birth to a child and "abstains from sexual intercourse", and treats his wife with courtesy and respect, so that both men and women can They will live long and healthy lives. They can become Christ and live forever in heaven.

21:5 And Abraham was a hundred years old when his son Isaac was born.
6. "21:6 And Sarah said, God has made me laugh, and everyone who hears will laugh with me." : (1) Remember, anyone who says, "The LORD has made me," in such a tone is speaking from the devil. (2) Sarah, the LORD will not take a stinkbug like you to heart, the LORD will not "laugh" at a stinkbug like you, so don't think you're right in the name of the LORD.

7. 21:7 And he said, "Who can say to Abraham beforehand, 'Sarah will nurse the babe?' For in his old age I gave him a son": (1) Yahweh is the Sovereign of the universe and the source of all life. (2) Sarah, you are an actor in the "Genesis Theatre" and you were given a son so that you could show more of the "badness" of women and be "taught the opposite" by everyone who saw you. The reason for this is to show more of the "badness" of women, so that people will see it and be "educated" by you.

Genesis 21: The expulsion of Hagar and his son (21:8-13)
8. "21:8 When the child grew up, he was weaned. On the day that Isaac was weaned, Abraham made a great feast": (1) Abraham did not do this when Hagar gave birth to his son. (2) It shows that "Abraham, the prophet of the Lord" was unjust, partial and treated people with double standards.
21:9 Then Sarah saw Hagar the Egyptian laughing at Abraham's son, who was born to him.
10. "21:10 So he said to Abraham, "Cast out the bride and her son! For the son of the maid shall not inherit with my son Isaac": (1) You see, the "wives of the prophets of the LORD" were narrow-minded, selfish, cruel and unfeeling demons. (2) Sarah showed the devil's nature of "bullying the weak and preying on the weak", without any semblance of human kindness.

11. "21:11 Abraham was sorrowful because of his son": (1) It shows that the "prophet" did not have the wisdom and ability to deal with family matters. (2) It shows that the "prophet's" superior was his wife.
12. "21:12 And God said to Abraham, "Do not be troubled about the boy and about your maid, but listen to everything that Sarah says to you, for it is the one who is born of Isaac who will be called your offspring": (1) This was the test given to the "prophet" by the Lord. (1) This was a test given to the "prophet" by Yahweh, and the "prophet" did not have the wisdom to understand it. (2) As a man, all the women in the family should respect each other, no one should show dominance over the others, and no one should listen to only one woman, but educate the strong woman so that she can be a good housewife in a calm manner. (3) "Whatever Sarah says to you, you should listen to", because Sarah is your wife. And whatever Hagar says to you, you should also listen to it, for Hagar is also your wife. Abraham did not even understand this, for he was a "prophet of the Lord", which means that "prophet" means "ignorant, stupid pig". (4) Not only shall those born of Isaac be called your seed, but those born of Hagar shall also be called your seed. Abraham did not even understand this, for he was a "prophet of the LORD", which means that "prophet" means "ignorant, stupid pig".

13. "21:13 As for the son of the angelic daughter, I will also set up a nation for his descendants, because he is born of you": (1) "The son of the angelic daughter, because he is born of you" shall also be called your descendant. You shall not disregard your son as a descendant because the mother of the child is an "ambassador". (2) This is the LORD telling Abraham that whichever woman bore the child, it is your seed and you should treat it fairly. (3) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", could he have grasped the LORD's straightforward statement? If he still could not hear and understand, was he still a man? (4) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", is he a human being, as you will see in the following pages.

The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 21 The Angel Comforts Hagar (21:14-21)
14. "21:14 And Abraham arose early in the morning, and took bread and a leather bag of water, and gave it to Hagar, and put it on her shoulder, and gave her the child, and sent her away. And Hagar went away and lost her way in the wilderness of Beersheba": (1) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", got up early in the morning, took bread and a skinny sack of water, gave it to Hagar, put it on her shoulders, and gave her the child and sent her away. (2) Did you see that? "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", is this not a devil of personal extermination? Do you now know what a "prophet" is? Do you now know why the LORD said, "He is a prophet"? (3) The Egyptian woman, Hagar, and her son, Ishmael, were expelled by the devil's husband, "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", and had no choice but to go away. (4) The mother and son did not know where they were going to settle, and they got lost in the wilderness of Beersheba.

21:15 When the bag of water ran out, Hagar left the child under a small tree.
21:16 and sat down opposite to him, saying, "I cannot bear to see the child die!" And they sat down opposite each other, and cried with a loud voice.
21:17 God heard the voice of the child. And the angel of God called to Hagar from heaven, saying, "Hagar! Why are you doing this? Do not be afraid, for God has heard the voice of the child.
21:18 Get up! Take the child in your arms, and I will make his descendants a great nation."
21:19 And God made Hagar's eyes bright, and she saw a well of water, and she went and filled a leather bag with water and gave it to the child to drink.
21:20 And God blessed the child, and he grew and dwelt in the wilderness and became an archer.
21. "21:21 He lived in the wilderness of Balaam, and his mother took him a wife from the land of Egypt": (1) The LORD never fails to look after the upright and good and weak. (2) It is the one who has no one to depend on that has no habit of dependence and knows that "the support is his own" and can become a strong man who opens up a great nation.

Genesis 21: Abraham and Abimelech make a covenant (21:22-34)
22. "21:22 Then Abimelech and Jacob, the captain of his army, said to Abraham, "God has blessed everything you do": (1) Here the Lord deliberately dropped a word to see how well you understand the above and what your attitude is afterwards. Should it be "God blesses everything you do"? This was the question that Abimelech and his army commander, Phocoh, put to Abraham. (2) Because the people of Abimelech knew about Abraham's expulsion of his wife Hagar and his son Ishmael, they were outraged at Abraham's behaviour, so they questioned "Abraham, the prophet of the Lord": "Have you been blessed by God in all that you have done? Does the Lord bless you even when you have done great wrong and become a brute of humanity?

23. "21:23 Now I want you to swear to me here by God that you will not deceive me and my sons and my children, and that as I have treated you well, so you will treat me and the people of the land where you live well": (1) out of distrust and indignation towards "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD (1) Out of distrust and indignation towards "Abraham, the prophet of the Lord", he said this in order to get the "prophet" to give them assurance. (2) The implication of Abimelech's words is that if you deceive your own wife and sons, you will also "deceive me and my sons and my children". If you do wrong to the people of the land where you are staying, you will no longer be able to stay in this land, and you will leave us.

24. "21:24 And Abraham said, "I will willingly swear": (1) Clearly, this was said under duress, unwillingly in the first place, and to say, "I will willingly swear" is "lip service "This is hypocrisy. (2) It is the nature of the devil to be inconsistent in word and deed, to be submissive, to be sophomoric, and to be deceitful.

25. "21:25 Once upon a time Abimelech's servant hijacked a well of water, and Abraham accused Abimelech for it": (1) "Abimelech's servant hijacked a well of water" and did not allow Abraham to draw water, because "Abraham, the prophet of the Lord, was so notorious that the people of Abimelech were angry with him for expelling Hagar's mother and son. Abimelech's servant, a righteous man, was upset with Hagar and his mother and son, so he gave Abraham a hard time. (2) Abraham blamed Abimelech for this, saying that it was Abimelech who had instructed his servant to cross him.

26. "21:26 And Abimelech said, "I do not know who did this, nor did you tell me, but today I have heard": (1) Abimelech said, "Are you not a "prophet of the LORD"? Did the LORD not tell you that I did not tell my servant to keep you from fetching water? (2) I don't know who did this, and you didn't tell me, but today I heard about it, which means that you have become notorious in our land, and that there is public anger against you, and that you must have done something unrighteous.

27. "21:27 Abraham gave the sheep and the oxen to Abimelech, and they made a covenant with one another": (1) The infamous "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", the well was dug by our people together, and you, as a foreigner and a stranger, you As a foreigner, you should rightly pay for the water. (2) Hello, "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", I invited your wife to my house and did not get close to her, and I gave you a large sum of money as compensation for bringing shame on her. Go and ask the LORD if you should not take money for water. (3) "Abraham gave his sheep and his oxen to Abimelech" as payment for the water his family had taken, and Abimelech gave him permission to take the water, and they made a covenant with each other to do so.

21:28 And Abraham put the seven ewe lambs in another place.
21:29 Abimelech asked Abraham, "What do you mean by putting these seven ewe lambs in another place?"
30. "21:30 And he said, "You shall receive these seven ewe lambs out of my hand, as proof that I have dug this well." : (1) Do you see that? This is the thinking of the devil's beasts. They are always in the habit of lying to themselves by taking what is wrong to be true. (2) Beast Abraham, even "receiving these seven ewe lambs" is not evidence that you "dug this well" because everyone knows that you did not "dig this well". Everyone knows that you were not here when they "dug this well". (3) "Abraham, the prophet of the LORD", why didn't he know that there was never any evidence of his "digging this well"? Was he brain damaged? Was he mentally handicapped? (3) "Receiving these seven ewe lambs" as "proof that Abraham, the prophet of the LORD, had dug this well" is a farce of self-deception by a foolish pig.

21:31 So he called the name of the place Beersheba (note: "the well of the oath"), because they both swore there.
21:32 And when they had made their covenant at Beersheba, Abimelech rose up with Jacob, the commander of his army, and went back to the land of Philistia.
33. "21:33 And Abraham planted a weeping willow tree at Beersheba, and there he called on the name of the LORD the living God": (1) The willow tree and the acacia tree are demonic trees of great yin, and they grow for a year with a magic power of 50 years. Many Satans dwell on willow and acacia trees. The "weeping willow tree" is the image of a demon with many involvements. (2) "Call on the name of the Lord the living God" is the devil's way of teaching people how to become minions of "idolatry", which is the opposite of Jesus' "infallible way of making Christians into Christ". This is the opposite of Jesus' magic of "making Christians the righteousness of Christ". (3) The devil's mouth keeps on "calling on the name of the living God" and creating the illusion that he is worshipping Jehovah, but in reality he is using "ecstasy" to mislead the public and make people "worship idols" and turn away from the truth. This is actually using "ecstasy" to mislead the masses and keep people "idolatrous" from the truth.
21:34 And Abraham dwelt for many days in the land of the Philistines.

(2) The time of "Abraham" was a time of enlightenment for human society. The real world needed a model of a code of conduct and speech to enlighten the world, to give it a sense of wisdom, a sense of fear and a sense of elevation. Abraham" is a dramatic character. The LORD does not speak directly of edification, but rather puts it metaphorically in the person of "Abraham", expressing the LORD's edification by "thinking backwards". (3) Because of the difference in human wisdom, many people simply do not have the sense to "think backwards" and hastily take "Abraham", who is supposed to be a "negative figure", as a model of Jehovah's words and actions to follow. (4) In China, the search for the "evil one" in the Bible has been a very important part of the process. (4) When one searches for "Abraham" in China, the information that comes up clearly says "prophet of Judaism, Christianity and Islam", which means that "Judaism, Christianity and Islam This shows that "Judaism, Christianity and Islam" are all devilish groups, because the "prophet" is not a Christ like Jesus, but a notorious "stupid pig". (5) The fact that those whom Judaism calls "prophets" are "psychic, miraculous men" who speak directly to the devil in the guise of Yahweh is evidence that Judaism is a devilish group, and this is why Jesus called Judaism a "Woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the blind, who are hypocrites"].

Li Huaizhu Published on 29 Aug 2017 10:50 29:00am Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






