The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 4 David kills the rebel
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
4:1 When Ishbosheth the son of Saul heard that Bethel had died at Hebron, his hands went limp, and all Israel was terrified.
4:2 And Ishbosheth the son of Saul had two captains of the army: one Barnabas, and the other Rekha, the sons of Prometheus the Pelethite, of the tribe of Benjamin. Perez also belonged to Benjamin.
4:3 The Bereans had fled earlier to Kitaim, and there they stayed until this day.
4:4 And Jonathan the son of Saul had a son named Mephibosheth, who was lame. He was five years old when the news of the death of Saul and Jonathan arrived from Jezreel. His nurse carried him and ran away, but in her haste the child fell to the ground and his leg became lame.
4:5 On a day the two sons of Rekah and Barnabas, the sons of Prometheus the Berean, went and came to the house of Ishbosheth about the heat of the afternoon, while Ishbosheth was taking his nap.
4:6 When they had entered the house, they pretended to take wheat, and they pierced Ishbosheth's belly and fled.
4:7 When they entered the house, Ishbosheth was lying in his bed in his bedroom. They killed him and cut off his head, and took it and walked all night in Arrabah.
4:8 They brought Ishbosheth's head to King David in Hebron, saying, "Saul, the king's enemy, has sought the king's life. Behold! This is the head of his son Ishbosheth, and the LORD has today taken vengeance on Saul and on his descendants for my lord and my king."
4:9 And David said to Rekah the son of the Bereans' Advent and to Baanah his brother, "I swear by the LORD, who has saved my life from all affliction, eternal life.
4:10 Once upon a time someone reported to me, saying, 'Saul is dead.' He thought he was reporting good news, and I took him and killed him in Zechariah, and it was a reward for him for reporting it.
4:11 Moreover the wicked man has killed the righteous on his bed; will I not demand from you the sin of shedding his blood, and destroy you from the world?"
4:12 So David commanded the young men to kill them, cut off their hands and feet, and hang them by the pool of Hebron; but he buried the head of Ishbosheth in the tomb of Bethel in Hebron.

Expository section.
10-29. (1) "4:1 When Ishbosheth the son of Saul heard that Bethel had died in Hebron, his hands went limp, and all Israel was terrified", Q. Is this true? (2) "4:2 And Ishbosheth the son of Saul had two captains of the army: one Barnabas, and the other Rekha, the son of Prometheus the Berean, of the tribe of Benjamin", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-30, (1) "4:4 And Jonathan the son of Saul had a son named Mephibosheth, who was lame. He was five years old when the news of the death of Saul and Jonathan arrived from Jezreel. His nurse carried him and ran away, and because she ran so fast, the child fell to the ground and became lame", Q: Is this true? (2) "4:5 And it came to pass on a certain day, when Rehoboam and Barnabas, the two sons of Prometheus the Berean, went, about the heat of the afternoon, to the house of Ishbosheth, who was sleeping. 4:6 And when they had entered the house, they pretended to fetch wheat, and they pierced the belly of Ishbosheth and fled", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-31, (1) "4:7 When they entered the house, Ishbosheth was lying on his bed in his bedroom. They killed him and cut off his head and took it and walked all night in Arrabah", Q: Is that so? (2) "4:8 Bring the head of Ishbosheth to King David at Hebron, saying, Saul, the king's enemy, has sought the king's life. Behold! This is the head of his son Ishbosheth, and the LORD has today taken vengeance on Saul and on his descendants for my lord and my king", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-32, (1) "4:9 And David said to Rekah the son of Prometheus the Berean, and to Baanah his brother, I swear by the LORD, who has saved my life from all affliction, eternal life: 4:10 It was reported to me from before, saying, 'Saul is dead.' He thought he was reporting good news, and I took him and killed him in Zechariah, and it was a reward for his reporting. 4:11 Moreover, if a wicked man kills a righteous man on his bed, will I not demand from you the sin of shedding his blood and destroy you from the world?" , Q: Is that so? (2) "4:12 And David commanded the young men to kill them, and to cut off their hands and feet, and to hang them by the pool of Hebron; but he buried the head of Ishbosheth in the sepulcher of Bethel in Hebron", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes. "David killed two "rebellious slaves" as a warning to the wicked and unrighteous who were unfaithful to their master. "He buried the head of Ishbosheth in the tomb of Daniel in Hebron because they had been "king and subject" and had "died for their country" and should have died together. (3) This shows that "David" was very meticulous and knew what people could or could not be left behind, and was very knowledgeable. He was also educating his people through concrete examples.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 5 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





