The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation An Afterword to Teach You to Read the Bible (The Exposition of Words and the Daydream) I
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Note: There are many words in the Bible and without knowing the meaning of the vocabulary, you cannot accurately understand the meaning of the scriptures. I have edited the main vocabulary here so that you can look up the meaning of the words and receive Christ's teaching correctly.

[Part 1: Words in the Bible]
1. "Israel": (1) The Bible Genesis 32:28: And the man said, Let thy name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel: for thou hast prevailed against God and against men. Thus, "Israel, Israelite" is an alias for Christ (the Son of God), the Christ (the Son of God) who is great in power and authority, the "Great Christ". (2) He who has become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is the pure and standard "Israel, the Israelite". (3) Those who study Christianity are "Christians", and "Christians" are those who have "contended with God" and have been defeated. Those who do not learn Christianity, who are not "Christians", and who rebuke the Jewish Church, which practices the Old Testament, as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", are "victorious in their struggle with God and men". "This is the expression of the pure, standard "Israelites". Those who do not know what a "hypocritical scribe or blind leader" is are "blind without ears" and are Satanic "wrestlers with God and men and have been defeated". They are minions of Satan. (4) Any sect that teaches that people should become "Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron" (the Great Sage with "eyes of fire and a golden rod"), regardless of the country in which it is located and whether it is recognized by the state or not, is a sect that is not recognized by the state. Such a sect is a "tribe of Israel", regardless of the country in which it is located and whether it is recognized by the state or not. (5) "Singing hymns and prayers" and becoming "lambs to be shepherded by priests and pastors" is a sign of "losing the battle with God and man" and losing it all They are not "Israelites", but minions of Satan. It is only when they do not "sing hymns and prayers" or become "lambs to be shepherded by priests and pastors" that they "win the battle with God and man" and are "Israelites". This is what it means to be an "Israelite".

2. The signs and specific images of "Christ": (1) The signs and specific images of Christ are depicted in great detail in the first and second chapters of Revelation, and if you ignore them, you will become the devil directly, and you will take the devil's magic as "the Christian's indoctrination into Christ You will pass on the magic of the devil as "the Christian becoming Christ". (2) The eight marks of Christ: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like a blazing sun letting off light, hating the Nicolaitans, and having received a rod of iron.
Christianity: (1) Christianity is the indoctrination of Christians to be Christ, the indoctrination of Christians to be "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the party of Nicolas, and who has received a rod of iron". (2) Any indoctrination that does not allow Christians to become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand has seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the party of Nicolas, and who has received the rod of iron" is not Christianity in its own right, but is Christianity under the guise of Christianity. It is a devilish group under the guise of Christianity that is trying to confuse people and harm their lives.

(1) The "keys of the kingdom of heaven" are the indispensable indoctrination that "makes Christians into Christ"; that is, they make Christians "eyes like fire and feet like light". (1) The "keys of the kingdom of heaven" are the indoctrination that "makes Christians Christ"; that is, the indoctrination that "makes Christians Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright bronze, whose voice is like the voice of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron. (2) The "key to the bottomless pit" is the indoctrination that does not "make Christians into Christ"; it is the indoctrination that, by "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc., makes people It is magic in the form of "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc., which makes people "turn their minds away from themselves", and is a variety of man-made "works of art".

5. "Prophets and False Prophets": (1) Dare to question life, to study problems from their own unique point of view, so as to comprehend the subtle changes of life, so as to study the meaning of life, and to think about how mankind can live better, and these spirits are beyond the reach of ordinary people, and they are therefore also called " They are therefore called "high achievers", or "seers". (2) A person who has magical powers and abilities that ordinary people do not know about is a "seer". A person who is able to know the future by measuring the past in some miraculous way is a "seer". "A "seer" is a person who has become an immortal or a Buddha, and has the ability to "subdue demons and heal people", also known as They are also called "half-immortals, immortals, living immortals, and jueishen".
(3) A "prophet" is a "Christ, the Son of God", like Jesus, who can subdue demons, heal the sick and save people, and has unlimited powers. (4) The only true "prophet" is one who makes people "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron". (5) Whoever does not make a man "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is a "false prophet", no matter how much he pretends to be Jehovah. "The priests of Judaism in the Old Testament, or the "priests and ministers" who had the "priesthood", were saying things that did not allow people to become "Christ "They are all "false prophets" whose minds are dominated by the devil, Satan.

6. The "Ark of the Covenant": The "Ark of the Covenant" of God represents God's indoctrination. In "Old Testament" times, the people in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant", which presided over God's edification, were the "Jewish priests", who were all incarnations of the devil and Satan. Jesus overthrew the "Old Testament" era and opened the "New Testament" era by calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". "The ark of the covenant" and the person who presided over God's teaching was "Jesus Christ". (2) After the death of Jesus and the cruel persecution of Christians, the "Catholic papacy" began during the reign of Constantine the Great (272-337), and to this day the person in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant", who presides over the divine correction, is The "Nicolaitans, whom Jesus hated". (3) Since the "Last Judgement" has already begun on 4 April 2017 with the Lamb's exposition of the "Revelation", the person in charge of the "Ark of the Covenant" who presides over God's teaching at this time is "The Lamb from the land of the rising sun". (4) You have nothing to do with the Lamb, you have not received the Lamb's teaching of "five religions, one family, one mother, one root", and you have not received God's teaching of the White Sun, you will not be protected by God, nor will you be able to go to heaven and live forever. You will sink and die in the subsequent "lightning, sound, thunder, earthquake and hail".
7. "The Ark of the Law": it is the "green sun, red sun, white sun" of the heavenly plate of edification, just like the editorial department of the Ministry of National Education in charge of teaching materials. The "temple in heaven where the ark of the Law is kept" is the administrative department above heaven that is in charge of worldly edification, just like the Ministry of Education of the state. (3) Because of the different levels of development and progress of human society, there are three stages of LWCC, called the "three periods of LWCC". For each of these levels, the teachings of the three periods are different, as human civilisation is progressing. Green Sun, Red Sun and White Sun are the "sheep" of three different eras. The "lambs" (the slain lambs, the masters) of the different eras compiled their teachings and spent their lives trying to bring people back to heaven. (4) "The temple in heaven where the ark of the law is kept" was once the "ark of the law" of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. The "temple of the ark of the Christian religion in heaven was opened", and Jesus on earth began to preach Christianity. The same is true of all the other denominations. (5) The book of Revelation was written after Jesus began to preach Christianity, which means that John's "seeing the temple of the ark of the law opened in heaven" was not the beginning of Christianity, but the beginning of the "white sun of the Lamb, the marriage supper of the Lamb".
(6) 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world as predicted by the Maya", the end of the "hundred-year transition period" between the Red and White Suns, the "end" of the reign of Shakyamuni Buddha It is also the "New Year's Day" when Maitreya Buddha officially takes over the reins of the White Sun. The "White Sun" is the "day of the New Year" when Maitreya Buddha officially takes the helm of the White Sun. When the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the White Sun Buddhism that recognizes the mother's roots" created by the Lamb become more and more widely known, it is the time when the Dharma of the Chinese Heavenly Church is opened, and when The time when "the temple in heaven where the ark of Dharma is kept is opened".

8. The "Almighty": (1) He is omniscient and omnipotent, and he knows what others know. The selfish and narrow-minded person who is not only not an "omnipotent" but also a frog at the bottom of the well who is blinded by a single leaf, regardless of whether he is right or wrong, and who cannot interpret others or find common ground with others. (2) He cannot show himself as "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", nor does he know what "Christ's correction and Satan's correction" are. "They are the opposite of the teaching of the Almighty and are ignorant, misguided, unwise, radical, selfish and narrow-minded people.
(3) To be like Jesus, who became "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", is to be the "Almighty" and to have accepted the teaching of the "Almighty". It is the manifestation of having received the indoctrination of the "Almighty". "The Christian who does not become "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" is a sign that he has not received the teaching of the Almighty. (4) He is very knowledgeable and has studied the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam in depth, and is familiar with the common denominator of the five religions, the common denominator of Satan's corruption of the five religions. "Only those who are familiar with the common denominator of the five religions and the common denominator of Satan's corruption of the five religions, and who have the mindset of "three religions in one, five religions in one, and mother to mother", are those who have received the teachings of the Almighty and are the servants and spokespersons of the Almighty.

9. "The Almighty reigns": "19:6 For the Lord our God, the Almighty, reigns": (5) God has set up religions in different parts of the world to bring people back to heaven, mainly "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam". The five major religions are "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam". The five main religions are "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", all of which preach the same "true path of return to heaven", and although they use different vocabulary, they express the same meaning and ultimate goal. The five teachings are the "essence, skeleton and flesh and blood" of the Tao, specifically: Confucianism's Confucius' thought is the "essence" of the Tao; Taoism's Laozi's is the "essence" of the Tao. The thought of Confucian Confucius is the "essence" of the Tao; the thought of Taoist Laozi is the "qi" of the Tao; the thought of Buddhist Chodamanda Siddhartha is the "god" of the Tao; and the thought of Yehudaism is the "essence" of the Tao. God", the thought of Jesus is the "skeleton" of "Tao", the thought of Muhammad is the "flesh and blood" of "Tao", and the thought of Islam (Muslim) is the "flesh and blood" of "Tao". "The ideas of Muhammad are the "flesh and blood" of the Word. Together, the five religions are a complete Tao. (6) A person who has studied the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and who can distinguish between the essence and the dross of the five religions, and who has attained the state of mind where "the three religions are united, the five religions are one, the mother is returned to her roots, and the same is returned to God", is an "Almighty". Such a person is an "all-rounder". Anyone who ignores the existence of the five religions is not an "Almighty" and cannot be a "king". The "king" is the one who uses the "golden rod" (iron staff) to penetrate the three religions and integrate the five religions, not knowing why "the three religions are one and the five religions are one". The "king" is not a "king" at all. (7) "King" is composed of "three" penetrated by "one". The "three" are the three worlds of heaven, earth and man. In Christianity, when one gets the "iron sceptre" and becomes the Christ, one has penetrated the three realms and is "king", but he is only a "little king" who is a single specialist and not the Almighty. Only when he has received the "iron sceptre" of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam will he be the "King of the Almighty". (8) "For the Lord our God" allows the Chinese Lamb to interpret the Book of Revelation and to reveal a Christianity that has never been seen before, and the world sees a true "Almighty". Only the "Almighty" can reign, and the "Almighty is king" is accepted by all hearts and no one will not submit to him, unless he is Satan. There is no one who does not submit to him, unless he is Satan. In fact, Satan is the one who is subjugated, "with his heart but not with his mouth".

10. "The beast had seven heads and ten horns": "12:3 And there was a great red dragon with seven heads and ten horns": (3) "Seven heads", which means that this was a man whose mind was full of (3) "seven heads", indicating that this is a devil whose mind is full of "seven passions and six desires". (The "seven emotions and six desires": joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire, are the seven emotions. Without closing the six doors of the eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind, there are six desires: colour, sound, scent and touch. Those who have the "seven passions and six desires" are ordinary people. He who has no "seven passions and six desires" is Christ. (4) The "ten horns" indicate that this is a devil with a "cross" in his hand. (5) The "ten horns" are the ten evil deeds of the "body, mouth and mind", called the ten evils, also known as the ten bad karmas, the ten evil karmas and the ten black karmas. The ten vices are: 1. Killing. Theft. Evil prostitution. Delusional speech. Five, two tongues, i.e., speaking out of turn and breaking words. Sixthly, bad language, i.e. bad language and bad swearing. 7. Eloquent speech, i.e., obscene speech, unworthy speech, scattered speech, unmeaning speech. Covetousness, i.e. love, greed, stinginess. 9. rage. Tenth, evil views, i.e., foolishness. In this order, the first three belong to body karma (sins committed by the body), the middle four belong to mouth karma (sins committed by the mouth), and the last three belong to mind karma (sins committed by the thoughts of the mind). (6) The "ten horns" are the product of the "seven heads". Only when one knows the "seven heads" can one avoid the "ten horns". If you do not know what the "seven heads" are, you must have "ten horns". The "ten horns" are the incarnations of various kinds of demons, the ten more typical demons. The kind of evil karma you have is the kind of devil you have fallen into. If you have made amends for your mistakes, you are Christ. This is "one thought of Buddha (Christ) and one thought of the devil", the Buddha (Christ) and the devil are just a thought away.

(1) "14:19 Then the angel threw his sickle to the ground and collected the grapes from the ground and threw them into the great vat of God's wrath": (1) "The great vat of God's wrath (1) "The great vat of God's wrath", because wine is the first of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame and love), because it is the true and maddening nature of wine, and the first of the eight demons, so that the "great vat", the means of making wine, is the one that brings "God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to the Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (2) "And he took the grapes of the earth and cast them into the vat of the wrath of God", which means that "wine" is a source of "God's wrath" and that if grapes are used for making wine they are also a source of "God's wrath". "God's wrath". If the grapes are used to make wine, they are also a source of "God's wrath". Thus, here is Jesus' "commandment to Christian disciples to abstain from wine". (c) Anyone who does not know Jesus' "commandment to abstain from wine" and any Christian who drinks is not a true Christian, but a devil who comes from within to corrupt Christianity under the guise of Christianity. (d) The Christian people, because the "Last Supper" has the words "drink the juice of the vine" and there is no explicit rule to "abstain from wine", have caused the demons of wine to flourish in Christianity. "The angel threw his sickle to the ground, and the Middle Ages gave the Christian "commandment" to "abstain from wine".
(2) "19:15 A sharp sword will come out of his mouth to strike down the nations. He will rule them with a rod of iron, and will kick the vat of the fierce wrath of God Almighty": (1) Because wine is a true obsession and makes people crazy, it is the first of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame and love). (1) Because wine is the first of the eight demons (wine, sex, money, fame and love), the "vat", which is the instrument for making wine, is a "vat of fierce anger". Therefore, "the vat of the wrath of God Almighty" is Jesus' second command to Christian disciples to "abstain from wine". (2) To reveal that all Christians who do not abstain from wine are the incarnation of Satan's demons who have come from within to corrupt Christianity, "kicking the vat of the wrath of God Almighty". (3) To prevent Christians from becoming like Jesus and to rebuke the Jewish Church as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", but to make Christians "sing hymns and prayers and do charitable works" is a way for Satan's group to make Christians drink "As a result, the Christians are all drunk and will not wake up until they die, and will not wake up until they die in hell! Who is this "winepress of the wrath of God Almighty"? It is the whole "Christian church group" of the Western world! (4) Tell us that the "Christian church group" in the Western world is the "vat of the wrath of God Almighty", which is the "vat of the wrath of God Almighty". He does not know what it is to make the "vat of the wrath of God Almighty", nor can he "kick the vat of the wrath of God Almighty", for he does not have "eyes like the eyes of fire" (the eyes of fire), but is a beast He is a monkey, a satanic devil.

12. "Speaking lies" is a transgression that leads to hell: "21:8 But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the abominable, the murderers, the adulterers, the evil-doers, the idolaters, and all liars, their portion is in the lake of fire that burns with brimstone, and this is the second death ": (8) "And all liars are in the lake of fire that burns with brimstone, and their part is in the second death." This is the "express rule" against lying! To "tell a lie" is a sinful act that leads to hell.
13. "Water of life": "22:1 And the angel showed me a river of water of life in the midst of the streets of the city, bright as crystal, flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb": (1) Water represents wisdom, and "water of life The "water of life" is the great wisdom that becomes Christ to make life eternal in the kingdom of heaven, and is the method of edification that makes Christians unique to Christ himself, that is, the infallible method that allows Magog (the God of knowledge) to see Gog (the God of origin) and become Christ. (2) The "river of life-giving water in the streets of the city" is called "the transmission of the law from one ancestor to another", which means that every once in a while a powerful person (ancestor or master) emerges from the Middle Heavenly Church to learn all the teachings of the Middle Heavenly Church and become the one who has received the "iron sceptre" of Christ. The "iron sceptre" of Christ will protect the "White Sun of the Lamb" from being corrupted by the devil.

14. The prophecy of the Book of Revelation: "22:18 I testify to all who hear the prophecy of this book", (1) The "Last Judgment and the Wedding Feast of the Lamb" prophesied in this book will definitely take place on December 21, 2012 (1) The "Last Judgment and the Marriage Supper of the Lamb" foretold in this book will certainly occur on time after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012. (2) The true "Last Judgment" will begin when the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation overthrows all the Christian churches. (3) When the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation reveals all the prophecies and tells the Western world that Magog (the God of Knowledge) will see Gog (the God of Origin) and become the infallible White Sun of Christ (the White Sun of Buddha), then the true "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" will begin.
15. "Amen": to bear true witness to the integrity of God, to be the Head over all creation, "to have prevailed against God and man", Christians must become Christ like Jesus.

16. "O Lord Jesus": (1) O Jesus, the Son of the Lord, O Jesus, the Master of Christianity. (2) If you see the words "Lord Jesus" next to each other and "take Jesus for Lord, thinking that the Lord is Jesus", you are a "blind leader without ears".
17. "22:16 I am the bright morning star": (7) It is the star that shines through the darkness of the night sky. The moon is hidden in the early hours of the morning, the darkest time of the day, when the "morning star" is most needed to illuminate the world. The "morning star" is a metaphor for the great wisdom that breaks through confusion and enlightenment. (8) Jesus is the "bright morning star" because of the words and actions of Jesus who called the Jewish community "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". By rebuking the Jewish priests, he was overthrowing Judaism, which had "harmed the wisdom of men", and by his words and actions, he was showing that the original God (Gog) was "no different from God", which is This is the same as the Buddhist doctrine of the circle of the Buddha, which is why it is said that the five religions are "one". (9) None of the Christians who came after Jesus ever broke the Old Testament, or even knew that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group, indicating that Christians were "Judaizers" under the guise of Christianity, and that the "Jewish priests" were "Jewish". The "Jewish priests" have entered Christianity. (10) Jesus is the "bright morning star", a prelude to the "white sun world" that will follow the rising of the sun. O people of the Western world, you should not live in the starlight of the "bright morning star of Jesus", but in the "white sun world" of the Chinese Lamb after the rising of the sun. Wise Westerners! Don't you think so?

18. The "commandment" to "abstain from wine and fornication": "2:14 However, there are a few things that I will rebuke you for, because in your place there are those who have obeyed the teaching of Balaam, who taught Balak to put a stumbling block in front of the Israelites (2) The rebuke for "having obeyed the teaching of Balaam" is a rebuke for the Christians' failure to "abstain from wine and adultery", which is The "commandment" to "abstain from wine and fornication"! The fact that Jesus did not lay down an explicit rule is not a shortcoming caused by legalism, but rather a "test and a dragon's gate" for the commandments. Let us see how many wise people have the wisdom to see through the "examination questions and the dragon's gate" and become Christ. Christians cannot understand this as a "commandment" to "abstain from wine and adultery", which means that Christians have the greed and demons to break the commandment, which means that they are low.

19. "David": "3:7 He who takes the key of David, and opens it, and no one can shut it, and shuts it, and no one can open it, says": (5) Israel was "victorious in wrestling with God and with men (5) Israel is "the one who has prevailed against God and against men, but whoever does not prevail against God and against men is not a Jew of Israel. "David" is the king of Israel, and the "key of David" is a metaphor for the way of victory in wrestling with both God and man, the way of becoming Christ. (6) When you have the key of David, you are victorious in your wrestling with God and man, and you can certainly see the "devil Satan" for what he is, and you can certainly use the "two-edged sword and the rod of iron" to subdue the demons. Having received the key of David and having become Christ, the door to the eternal kingdom of heaven is opened, and no one can close it once it is opened. (7) He who has not received the key of David and has not become Christ has closed the door of the kingdom of heaven, and when it is closed, no one can open it.
22:16 I am the root of David, and his seed": (4) "David" is in the Bible, in the 10th book of the Old Testament, 2 Samuel, because all the kings were deprived of "the rule of the priesthood and of the church", because "Judaism" was a "Jewish religion". ", and because the "Jewish priests" were the ones who wrote the "Old Testament", "David" was also subjected to the "Jewish priests". (5) "David" was also slandered and abused by the "Jewish priests". (5) The word "David" does not mean the ancient emperor of Israel, but really means: the great protector, the great guard, the great bodyguard, the great security, the great protector who sends Christians to heaven to become the sons of God. Only by becoming a great protector, that is, "a Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron", can he be able to do the work of "propagating and preaching the law" and be the true "David". The true "David". (6) The image of "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" that I, Jesus, portray in the Book of Revelation is the image of the "Great Sage of Qi Tian who has "eyes of fire and a golden rod" in the "Journey to the West", which is well known to Chinese women and children. The image of the Great Sage of Heaven. This is the standard image of the "man of the law, the Christ", the standard "man of the law, the Christ". "I am the root of David and his descendant" means that I am of the same root and lineage as Zitian Daishonin. Although Qi Tian Da Sheng became a Buddha in 709, he was the divine general known throughout the world in the Chinese Book of the Gods three thousand years ago. The Chinese Lamb is Qi Tian Da Sheng, so he is qualified to expound the Book of Revelation.

20. "Four living creatures": "4:6 In the throne and around the throne were four living creatures, full of eyes before and after and all around": (2) The "four living creatures" are the four living creatures of God (the living mother, the Wuji) of the four living animals. (2) "Four living creatures" are the four living creatures of God (Wu Sheng Lao Mu and Wu Ji). "Eyes all over the body in front and behind" indicates that the living creatures are all-seeing, all-knowing and infinitely powerful. (3) The "four living creatures" are: the Green Dragon (Shao Yang), the White Tiger (Shao Yin), the Vermilion Bird (Lao Yang) and the Xuan Wu (Lao Yin), also known as the "four elephants", which in the Chinese Zhou Yi refer to "Lao Yang (South), Lao Yin (North) ), Shaoyang (East), and Shaoyin (West). This is because "Wuji gives rise to Taiji, Taiji gives rise to the two yi, the two yi give rise to the four elephants, the four elephants give rise to the eight trigrams, and the eight trigrams determine the state of heaven and earth", which is why "there are four living creatures around the throne". (4) Fuxi (4811 BC - 4709 BC) drew the trigrams at the age of 34 to create Chinese civilisation, showing that "Wuji creates Taiji, Taiji creates two yi, two yi create four elephants, four elephants create eight trigrams, and eight trigrams determine Qiankun", which is a great view of the universe and allows people to practise "internal qi training "(5) God is the Creator. (5) God is the Creator, the Mother of the Universe, the common mother of all gods and Buddhas, and Fuxi in China is, of course, one of the "only begotten sons, the sons of God" sent by God to earth to promote human civilisation.
(6) The "four living things" are born of the Wuji, the four positive directions around the Taiji. Every normal human being is a Tai Chi in balance with Yin and Yang. The place where a person is is a standing pole, and the four positive directions of the standing pole are the locations of the "four living things". If a person is an ordinary person, his external environment in the four positive directions is the "four dead things". If he is a true disciple of Christ, the "four dead things" are generally masculine, but they change with the Christian's state of mind. When the Christian becomes Christ, the "four dead things" become "four living things". The "four living things" and Christ form a positive yang energy group that is invisible to the naked eye. The "four living creatures" are the positive solar mass around Christ, which can also be used as a metaphor for Christ.

21. "The rod of iron": "2:27 He will rule them with a rod of iron": (1) To know what the "rod of iron" is, we must first understand what is "the one true God, God". All the words in the Bible that have a space before the word "God" refer to the "one true God". In the Book of Genesis, "In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. And the earth was void and chaotic, and the face of the abyss was dark; and the Spirit of God was upon the face of the waters". "The creation of the heavens and the earth by the One True God, God, and the creation of the heavens and the earth out of nothing, indicates that the One True God, God "This means that the One True God is an infinite circle. "The One True God, God, is a circle of infinitesimals creating heaven and earth, which is "one life, two lives". Heaven and earth give birth to man, which is "two begets three". (2) "The spirit of God runs on the surface of the water", which means that the spirit of God is gaseous, invisible but real. All tangible things have four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destroying, and emptying", and are not a formless reality that never dies. This is why idolatry is not allowed. Therefore, the righteousness of the Dharma is "the law of inaction" and magic is "the law of action". The fact that there are "water molecules" in all things means that the "Spirit of God" is contained in all things and is the source from which all things are born, which means that the "Spirit of God" is a boundless, omnipresent circle of infinity. (3) The One true God, God, the infinite circle of O, created "heaven and earth" and also created "the Son of God and Satan". The "darkness on the abyssal side" is the "demon Satan", a kind of evil god, the evil virus that destroys life; the "light on the surface" is the "Son of God The "surface light" is the "Son of God" which is the positive antibiotic of God that protects life. (4) The "invisible God" created "all things in heaven and earth", and all things in heaven and earth have the four stages of "becoming, living, destroying and emptying", so they are all false idols. The "invisible God" is a formless reality that does not come into being, and is therefore the "one true God, God". It is not the physical body that is born forever in heaven, for the physical body has four stages of "becoming, living, dying" (birth, old age, sickness and death), and is therefore a false idol. (5) The human soul (the God of knowledge, the God of retribution, the God of Magog) is the same as the "invisible God" (the God of origin, Gog), so that it can become "the Christ, the Son of God". The man of this life, having the realm of God's "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword, and feet like bright brass", becomes a "son of God", and the "son of God" refutes as if he were dying The "blind leader", who never fears death, never lives and never lives, will go to heaven and live forever. This truth is a divinely determined law of the universe, hard and incomparable, the only infallible truth for eternal life in the kingdom of heaven, God's "iron rod", the Buddhist "non-dual righteousness of clarity of mind and nature" (the golden rod), the Taoist Golden Elixir, and the Confucian "knowledge of heavenly destiny". Whoever understands this truth is the Son of God, the Christ, who has the "iron rod". (6) Having received the "iron rod" is one of the major signs of Christ, the eighth sign of Christ. Without the general appearance of having received the "rod of iron" and having swept away all demons and spirits, one does not have the status of "Son of God" and is not Christ, nor can he "subdue the nations" or become "He who overcomes and keeps my commands to the end".

22. "A rod of iron": "12:5 And the woman gave birth to a male child who would rule the nations with a rod of iron": (2) "A rod of iron" is called in the Book of the West (2) The "Iron Staff" is called the "God's Needle of the Sea" in the Journey to the West, and is the Taoist golden elixir of "life meeting and unification of heaven and man", and the Confucian "knowledge of heaven's destiny", which was brought to China by Dharma and developed by Master Hui Neng "It is also known as: The Divine Needle of the Sea, The Golden Rod of the Buddha's Will, The Law of the One Vehicle, The Law of Nothingness, The Will of the West, The Seal of the Buddha's Heart, The Myriad Ways of the Heart, The Sect of Perfection, The Golden Lotus, The Eye of the True Dharma, The Teaching of the Other, The Flower of One Smile, and The Jewel of Muni. The classics represented are the Vajra Sutra, the Tantric Sutra, the Heart Sutra, the Legacy Sutra, the Sutra of Universal Enlightenment, the Sutra of the Great Brahma King asking the Buddha to resolve his doubts, the 21 Phenomenal Dharma Sutra, and the Dharma Sutra Discourses.
(3) The "iron sceptre" is the only yardstick for becoming Christ from a Christian. The only "iron sceptre" for Christians to become Christ is to have "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in the right hand, a two-edged sword in the mouth, face like a blazing sun, and hatred of the Nicolaitans". (4) Christians have the "iron sceptre of Christ". (4) The Christian who has the words and actions of "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the sun shining brightly, hating the party of Nicolas" is the Christ who has received the "iron rod". The Christian has the "eye of the beholder". The Christian who has the testimony of the words and deeds of "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like the sun shining, hating the Nicolaitans, having received the rod of iron" has become the Christ; this is the only measure by which the Christian becomes the Christ. (5) If a Christian does not become "a man with eyes like a flame of fire, with feet like bright brass, with a voice like the voice of many waters, with seven stars in his right hand, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with a face like the sun shining brightly, hating the party of Nicolas", then not only has he not received the "iron sceptre", but he must have been "demonised". There is no such thing as being able to be "alone" (as if you were not religious) without being Christ.

23. "The devil": "12:9 The great dragon is the ancient serpent, whose name is the devil, and whose name is Satan": (1) "The great dragon is the ancient serpent, whose name is the devil", so that The "great red dragon" is not a real dragon, but a python that resembles some of the characteristics of a dragon, and is a demon that takes away the "essence" of people and makes them sick and broke, not an evil spirit. (2) "Devil" is a combination of two types of evil demons: demons and evil spirits. If they are in the head, they can make people dizzy, have headaches and black eyes; they can also make people faint, go into shock, have epileptic fits, shout, run wild, cry and laugh. They can all dominate the consciousness of the human brain and can make people say unbelievable and inexplicable things. They can also dominate one's mind to make one write articles, writing words that reduce one to a devil's cave of minions and nasty and shameless words. "Killing, stealing, prostitution and wine, as well as wine, sex, wealth, fame and love" are the devil's main means of harming people, in addition to the "fifty demons of the underworld". (3) All sea and land animals (100 years of virtue a year) and plants (50 years of virtue a year) are demons if they have less than 30,000 years of virtue. Whenever they reach a stage of cultivation, they are punished by heavenly thunder (thunder tribulation), because they have not cultivated their own "essence", but have intercepted the "essence" of others for their own use, bullying the weak, taking by force, and violating justice, so they are subject to They are therefore subject to divine punishment. Those who have been in the world for 30,000 years have survived countless thunderbolts, have shed their evil energy and have returned to righteousness, and have been able to become righteous only through their words and deeds of "doing justice for heaven". (4) The human form, the soul of life and the soul of the corpse, are pure yin creatures of the same nature as demons. When they come close to a human being, they can quickly break the "balance of yin and yang" in the human body, causing the human being to release yang energy to balance with their pure yin, and the human being will then experience symptoms of illness. They are not the demons of the animal path, but the evil spirits of the human body after death.
(5) "Even though they die, they do not love their lives." This is not just about one "ancient serpent"; all other demons (plant and animal) are of the same evil nature, and they do not fear being eliminated. Even if they are subdued and apparently promise to "change their ways and do no more evil", once they are released they immediately go back to their evil ways. They are cunning, sinister, hypocritical, false for true, despicable, hard-headed, stalking, bullying, taking, reckless, rude and reckless, not afraid of death, etc. These are their nature; they have all the despicable words and actions of rogue robbers. All the bad people, such as rogues and robbers, corrupt officials, etc., are their incarnations, and it is the demons who dominate their words and actions.

24. "Love your enemies": (7) Christians who did not become "unchurched Christians" because they "sang hymns and prayers" during their lifetime have all gone to hell, because (7) Christians who have not become "unchristian Christians" because they "sang hymns and prayers" during their lifetime, have all gone to hell because they have all taken the "teaching of the faithful" as the "teaching of Christ", and are therefore all guilty of the mortal sin of "demagoguery and harm to the lives of men", and are all criminals in hell. They are all criminals in hell, and will have to serve many years in different hells, where they will be "burnt up" with the punishment of hell (fire). (8) There is a group of people who cannot be "burnt up with fire" because they have invented a certain kind of magic that is being passed on to this day and beyond (e.g. "hymns and prayers"), and they keep on sinning and their sins keep on increasing. So, it is a "life sentence", with no "day of release" at all. Such a situation is called "a scourge for the ages". For example, the "Jewish priests" of the "Old Testament", whose words and deeds have been handed down by "Christians" to this day, are ancient people, but their words and deeds remain in the "Old Testament". Although he is an ancient man, his words and actions in the "Old Testament" continue to harm modern people today, so that he keeps on sinning and his sins keep on increasing. (9) How can such a "problem" be solved? God needs to send modern man (the Chinese Lamb) to overthrow his demonic heresy, so that no one will believe in his "Satanic indoctrination", and only then will he be "released from prison". When Jesus overthrew the Jewish order that practised the Old Testament and discouraged others from believing in the "nonsense of the priests of the Old Testament", he was trying to save those whose words and deeds remained in the Old Testament. The ancient Jewish priesthood, which is the original meaning of "love your enemies". To rebuke with the "two-edged sword of the mouth" "all those who do not allow Christians to become Christ are devils" is Christ "loving your enemies". Jesus rebuked the Jewish Church as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and this is what Jesus meant by "loving your enemies". (10) If you do not know what "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" are that Jesus rebuked, then you are "loving your enemies", and you are pure "Satan's minion, Satan's spokesman, Satan's incarnation You are pure "Satan's minion, Satan's mouthpiece, Satan's incarnation, Satan's devil".

25. "Hallelujah": "19:1 Hallelujah (note: it means "praise the LORD")! Salvation, glory and power belong to our God": (4) In order to fulfil our life's mission of "building heaven on earth", we dedicate our lives without any thought of personal fame or fortune, without expecting anything in return, to be a conscientious and silent giver. This is the true "Hallelujah", the true thanksgiving to God for "salvation, glory and power". (5) We become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", and this is the true "Hallelujah! This is the true "hallelujah", the true thanksgiving to God for "salvation, glory and power". Christians who have not become Christ but are shouting "thank God and praise God" are actually Satan's minions slandering, scandalising, mocking and insulting God. (6) The fact that we have become "Almighty" who is well versed in the essence of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Jehovah means that we have really inherited the "teachings of Almighty God", which is the true "Hallelujah" is the true thanksgiving to God for His "salvation, glory and power". The fact that no religious person has become an "Almighty" who is well versed in the essence of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam shows that there is no "indoctrination by God Almighty", nor is there There is no "Almighty, Almighty God". (7) Religious people do not have the awareness that "the five religions are all about making people into Christ", but are all "praising themselves and destroying others", and are all frogs at the bottom of the well who are blinded by one leaf, selfish and narrow-minded, poisonous and heartless. This shows that they are "wolves in sheep's clothing" and devils in the guise of religion, for they are the opposite of "the Almighty and the indoctrination of Almighty God". Religious people who have no sense of "the five religions are all about making people into Christ" and who "praise themselves and destroy him", but who shout "thank God and praise God", are in reality Satan's minions who are slandering and scandalising him. In reality, Satan is having his minions slander, scandalize, ridicule and abuse God.

26. "The White Sun Buddha": "19:17 And I saw an angel standing in the midst of the sun": (1) "The sun", the sun is now above the human head, not the red sun of morning and evening, but the white of the sun, called: sun, white sun. (2) "This angel who stands in the sun" is called "the Buddha of the White Sun", the "Lord of the Middle Heaven, Maitreya Buddha", who is appointed by God as "the master of the White For 10,800 years after 21 December 2012, Maitreya Buddha was in charge of the teachings of the "White Sun Heavenly Disc". The "Baiyang Tianpan" is the general outline of human religion, like the Ministry of Education of a country. The Chinese Lamb's Baiyang edification is the implementation of the "Baiyang Tianpan" edification. The "Baiyang Tianpan" formulates the syllabus and the Chinese Lamb, through his sect (Baiyang Dao Pan, Earth Pan), produces the detailed teachings and implements them. This is the "Heavenly Man". It is by finding the Chinese Lamb (Bai Yang Ren Pan) that the Christ who preaches the Law is found and Christians can become Christ. This is the true "Trinity": "Bai Yang Tian Pan, Bai Yang Dao Pan and Bai Yang Ren Pan".

