The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 15 "Absalom" forces David out of the palace
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Part of the original text: "Absalom" forced David to leave the palace
15:1 After that, Absalom prepared chariots and horses for himself, and sent fifty men to run ahead of him.
15:2 Whenever he rose up in the morning and stood by the way of the gate of the city, and there was a dispute to seek the king's judgment, he called him to him and asked him, "Which city are you from?" The answer was, "The servant is of a certain tribe of Israel."
15:3 And Absalom said to him, "Your case is justified, but the king has not appointed anyone to hear you."
15:4 Then he said to him, "I hate to be the master of the kingdom; come to me whenever there is a dispute for judgment, and I will judge impartially."
15:5 And if any man came near to worship Absalom, Absalom stretched out his hand and took him, and kissed him on the mouth.
15:6 So did Absalom treat all the Israelites who came to the king for judgment. In this way Absalom secretly won the hearts of the Israelites.
15:7 When he had completed forty years, Absalom said to the king, "Grant me permission to go to Hebron, and pay my wish to the LORD.
15:8 For the servant was living in Kishon in Aram, and had made a wish, saying, 'If the LORD makes me return to Jerusalem, I will serve him.'"
15:9 The king said, "Go in peace!" So Absalom got up and went to Hebron.
15:10 And Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, "As soon as you hear the sound of the horn, say, 'Absalom is reigning in Hebron!'"
15:11 And Absalom invited two hundred men to go with him in Jerusalem, all of whom went in good faith, not knowing the truth of it.
15:12 When Absalom offered the sacrifice, he sent for Ahithophel the Zealot, David's counselor, and invited him from his own city. So the rebellion was very great, for the people who followed Absalom were increasing day by day.
15:13 It was reported to David, "The hearts of the Israelites have turned to Absalom!"
15:14 Then David said to his servants who were following him in Jerusalem, "Let us rise and flee, or none of us will be able to hide from Absalom. Go quickly, lest he come suddenly and do us harm, and kill all the people of the city with his sword."
15:15 The king's servants said to the king, "All that my lord and my king have decreed, the servants will do."
15:16 So the king took his whole household and went out, but left ten concubines to guard the palace.
15:17 And the king went out, and all the people followed him, and came to Bethmohah, and stayed there.
15:18 And all the king's servants passed before him. And the Gileadites, and the Peletians, all the six hundred men who had come after the king from Gath, passed before him.
15:19 The king said to Ether the Gathite, "You are a fugitive from a foreign country; why are you going with us? You may go back and live with the new king, or you may go back to your own land!
15:20 How can I ask you today to drift away with us, without a certain place to stay, when you have not been here long? Why don't you take your brothers and go back? May the LORD treat you with kindness and honesty."
15:21 Then Ether said to the king, "I swear by the living LORD, and dare to swear before the king, that wherever the king is, in life or in death, there will the servant be also."
15:22 David said to Ether, "Go ahead and cross the river!" So Ether the Gathite took those who followed him and all the women and children, and they all went over.
15:23 And all the people of the land cried out with a loud voice, and all the people passed over. The king also crossed over the brook Kidron; and the people went away into the wilderness.
15:24 And Zadok came with the Levites, who were carrying the ark of the covenant of God, and put down the ark of the covenant of God. Abiathar came up and waited for the people to come out of the city and pass by.
15:25 The king said to Zadok, "Carry the ark of the covenant back to the city. If I have found favour in the sight of the LORD, he will bring me back to see the ark of the covenant and his dwelling place again.
15:26 If he says, 'I am not pleased with you,' behold! Here I am, may he treat me according to his own will."
15:27 Then the king said to Zadok the priest, "Have you not seen it first? You may return to the city in peace. Both Ahimaaz your son and Jonathan son of Abiathar may go with you.
15:28 I am waiting for you to report to me at the ford in the wilderness."
15:29 So Zadok and Abiathar carried the ark of the covenant of God back to Jerusalem, and they stayed there.
15:30 David went up to the Mount of Olives with his head covered and barefoot, weeping as he went up. All those who followed him also went up with their heads covered and weeping.
15:31 They told David, "Ahithophel is also among the rebels, following Absalom." David prayed and said, "O LORD, make the schemes of Ahithophel foolish."
15:32 When David came to the place of worship of God on the top of the mountain, he saw Hoshea the Achaean coming to meet him with his clothes torn and his head covered with dust.
15:33 David said to him, "If you go with me you will weary me.
15:34 If you go back to the city, say to Absalom, 'O king, I will be your servant. As I have been your father's servant, so now I am your servant.' So that you may destroy the schemes of Ahithophel for me.
15:35 Were not Zadok the priest and Abiathar both there? If you hear anything in the king's palace, tell Zadok the priest and Abiathar.
15:36 And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar, were there. Whatever you have heard, you may entrust to these two to report to me."
15:37 So Toshea, David's friend, went into the city; and Absalom also went into Jerusalem.

Expository section.
10-113, (1) "15:1 After that, Absalom prepared chariots and horses for himself, and sent fifty men to run ahead of him" Q. Is that so? (2) "15:2 Whenever Absalom rose up in the morning and stood by the way of the gate of the city, whenever there was a dispute to seek the king's judgment, Absalom called him to him and asked him, saying, What city are you from? 15:3 And he said to him, "Your case is justified, but the king has not appointed anyone to hear you. 15:4 And he said to him, "I would that I were a teacher of the kingdom, that every man who seeks judgment in a dispute should come to me, and I would judge him with justice. Answer: Yes. Is that so?
10-114, (1) "15:5 And if any man came near to worship Absalom, Absalom stretched out his hand and took him, and kissed him on the mouth. 15:6 And so did Absalom treat all the men of Israel who came to the king for judgment. Thus did Absalom secretly win the hearts of the Israelites", Q: Is this so? (2) "15:7 And when the forty years had come to an end, Absalom said to the king, "Grant me leave to go to Hebron, and repay the wish I have made to the LORD. 15:8 For the servant, who lived in Kishon in Aram, had made a wish, saying, "If the LORD makes me return to Jerusalem, I will serve him. ", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Begin to draw people together. (2) "Absalom" told lies to King David.
10-115, (1) "15:9 And the king said, "Go in peace! So Absalom got up and went to Hebron." Q. Is this true? (2) "15:10 And Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, As soon as you hear the sound of the horn, you say, "Absalom is king in Hebron!" and asked, "Is that so? (3) "15:11 And Absalom invited two hundred men to go with him in Jerusalem, all of them honestly, not knowing the truth of it", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is. Yes.
10-116, (1) "15:12 And when Absalom had offered the sacrifice, he sent for Ahithophel the Giloite, David's counselor, and invited him from his own city. So the rebellion was great, for the people who followed Absalom were increasing day by day", Q. Is this true? (2) "15:13 It was reported to David that the hearts of the Israelites had turned to Absalom! 15:14 Then David said to his servants who were following him in Jerusalem, "Let us rise and flee, or none of us will be able to hide from Absalom. Go quickly, lest he suddenly come and harm us, and kill all the people of the city with the sword". Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-117. (1) "15:15 And the king's servants said to the king, All that my lord and my king have decreed, my servants will do. 15:16 So the king went out with his whole household, but left ten concubines to guard the palace. 15:17 And the king went out, and all the people followed him, and came to Bethmohah, and stayed there", Q: Is that so? (2) "15:19 And the king said to Ether the Gathite: Why are you with us, you who have fled from a foreign country? 15:20 How can I ask you today to drift with us, without a certain place to stay, when the days of your coming are few? Why don't you take your brothers and go back? May the LORD treat you with love and honesty", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-118, (1) "15:21 And Ether said to the king, I swear by the living LORD, and dare to swear before the king, that where the king is, in life and in death, there will the servant be also. 15:22 And David said to Ether, Go forth and cross the river!" So Ether the Gathite took all those who followed him and all the women and children, and they all went over. 15:23 And all the people of the land cried out with a loud voice, and all the people went over. The king also crossed the brook Kapit; and the people went out into the wilderness, asking, Is this so? (2) "15:24 And Zadok came with the Levites who carried the ark of the covenant of God, and put down the ark of the covenant of God. Abiathar came up and waited for the people to come out of the city and pass by. 15:25 The king said to Zadok, "Carry the ark of the covenant of God back to the city. If I have found favour in the sight of the LORD, he will bring me back to see the ark of the covenant and his dwelling place again. 15:26 If he says, 'I have no pleasure in you,' behold! Here I am, may he treat me according to his own will", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-119, "15:27 Then the king said to Zadok the priest, "Have you not seen it before? You may return to the city in peace. Both Ahimaaz your son and Jonathan son of Abiathar may go with you. 15:28 I am waiting for you at the ford in the wilderness to report to me", Q: Is this so? (2) "15:29 So Zadok and Abiathar carried the ark of the covenant of God back to Jerusalem, and they stayed there. 15:30 David went up to the Mount of Olives with his head covered and barefoot, weeping as he went up. And all those who followed him went up with their heads covered and weeping". Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-120, (1) "15:31 And it was told David, saying, Ahithophel also was among the rebels, following Absalom." David prayed, "O LORD, make the counsels of Ahithophel foolishness", and asked, Is this so? (2) "15:32 When David came to the place where God was worshipped on the top of the hill, he saw Hoshea the Achaean with his clothes torn and his head covered with dust coming to meet him. 15:33 David said to him, "If you go with me you will weary me. 15:34 If you go back to the city, say to Absalom, 'I will be your servant, O king. As I have been your father's servant, so now I am your servant.' So that you may destroy for me the designs of Ahithophel. 15:35 Are not Zadok the priest and Abiathar both there? 15:36 And whatever you hear in the king's palace, tell Zadok the priest and Abiathar. 15:36 And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar, are there. Whatever you hear, you may ask these two to report to me". Answer: Yes. Yea.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 30 March 2017 Edited 6 November Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei









