The True Exposition of Genesis A Postscript to Teach You to Read the Bible (Explanation of the Vocabulary of the True Exposition of Genesis) 3
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

28. "Gentile gods": "35:2 Then Jacob said to those in his house, and to all who were with him, "Get rid of the foreign gods among you, and cleanse yourselves, and change your garments." (1) "Get rid of the foreign gods among you", leaving only one Jehovah, who then becomes an "idol you carve for yourself". This is not true, for Jehovah has his "Gentile name" in the "Gentiles", but not Jehovah, just as "Jacob" has been replaced by "Israel "(2) Jehovah created the world. (2) The LORD created the universe and the world, and also created the "Gentiles", and the "Gentile God" is the "Gentile name" of the LORD in the "Gentiles". The "Gentile God" is the "foreign name" of Yahweh in the "foreign countries", just as a man changes his clothes and dresses up and "puts on make-up". Do you understand? Stupid pig. (3) "Get rid of the foreign gods among you". This is not understanding that the LORD also created the "foreign nations" and that the "foreign gods" are the "foreign names" of the LORD in the "foreign nations". "This is not "self-cleaning", it is the opposite of "self-cleaning". It is the opposite of "self-contamination". It is the opposite of "self-cleaning". It means that the "normal" man has fallen into the "foolish" man, and has thus changed his garments.

29. "Israel" is "Satan": "35:10 And he said to him, "Your name was Jacob; from now on do not call your name Jacob, but Israel. " So he changed his name to Israel." : (1) "32:28 And he prevailed against God and against men, and was called Israel." (2) Jacob began to cheat his brother out of his "firstborn title" with "bread and red bean soup" and his father's blessing of his brother with a lamb as game, and his straightforward brother tried to kill Jacob, the deceiver; then Jacob fled to his maternal uncle Laban and cheated his wife and Afterwards he killed Hagar and his son Shechem, who had been circumcised, and "all the men who came in and out of the gates of the city," and took their flocks, their herds, their donkeys, and all that was in the fields of the city, and took all their goods, their children, their women, and all that was in their houses, and plundered them. At this time Jacob could no longer be called "Jacob, but Israel", which means that "Israel" has gone beyond the definition and connotation of "32:28 having prevailed against God and against men". The "Israel" of this time cannot be defined in terms of "having prevailed against God and man". This means that "Israel" is synonymous with "Satan and the devil", who is a person who has lost his humanity, who is demonic, who has gone mad, who has killed people, and who is a devil. (3) "And he changed his name to Israel", which means that Jacob had already revealed all the words and deeds of the "Satanic Devil"; if we know what kind of person Jacob was, we will know what kind of person the "Satanic Devil" was. "(4) Born in Israel, conscious of the fact that he was born in Israel (4) By being born in Israel, realising the evil of Jewish teaching, turning away from Israel, accepting the good indoctrination of other peoples, and never becoming a faithful Jew, one truly achieves escape from the devil's cave, the Christ who ran away from it. There are many such Israeli elites, such as Dr. Kissinger, an old friend of the Chinese people.

30. The scandal of Israel: "35:22 While Israel was living in the land, Lupin went and slept with Pella, his father's concubine, and Israel heard it. And Jacob had twelve sons." (1) "Lupin went and slept with Pulah, his father's concubine" is not a rumour, but even Israel heard "the sound of Lupin making love to Pulah", which means that this was something known to his family. But "Israel" did not dare to do anything to "Lupin the son", because "Israel" knew that "Lupin the son "If "Israel" had dared to disturb "son Lupin", "son Lupin" might have killed him. (2) Do you see? The devil's family is like this. They show the beastly nature of the beast and have no "human morality or simple goodness" at all. (3) This is Jehovah speaking of the scandal of the Jewish prophet "Israel" whose son had committed adultery with his wife. "Israel, faced with the adultery of his son and his wife, became a "shrinking violet" and did not dare to spoil the "good deed of his son and his wife". This is the devil's nature of "bullying the weak and fearing the hard", and the "weakness of the flesh and the strength of the beast", without any human morality of "father's kindness and son's filial piety". (4) "Jacob had twelve sons," but was there not one son who was dear to "Israel's" heart? "Did Israel not have a good son who could "straighten out the family" for him? The fact that he did not convene a family meeting to condemn the treachery of "Lupin and Pella" shows that "Israel" was alone and helpless. (5) Therefore, all those who praise "Israel" and claim to be "Israel" are shameless animals, not sane and sober human beings with "human morals". They are not sane and sober human beings.

(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image of the heavens above, nor of the earth beneath, nor of anything under the earth that is in the water. 20:5 You shall not bow down and worship those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. They are all words and actions that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be". (3) For the things seen by the human eye are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", which are diametrically opposed to Yahweh's "unborn and imperishable reality". (4) Both Jehovah and the angels are "unborn and imperishable", and neither is seen by the human eye, which is why "idol worship" is not allowed. (5) "Idolatry" is a farce of "falsehood as truth and right as wrong", which is the opposite of the teaching of Jehovah, who "makes Christians into Christ", after they have fallen into the evil way and become the minions of Satan. (6) The Israelites opened their mouths and shut their mouths.
(6) The fact that the Israelites talked about "Jehovah" with every mouth and every tongue, but had no sense of worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol", shows that they had become accustomed to it, had become numb to it, and were not aware of it. They are no longer aware that "Jehovah" is an "idol", which means that the "idol" of "Jehovah" is already in their blood. This means that the "idol" of "Yahweh" has become embedded in their blood. (7) The Jews themselves do not realise that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but they think that the "pagans" are (7) The fact that the Jews themselves do not realize that they are worshipping "Jehovah" as an "idol" all the time, but think that the "pagans" are "worshipping idols", means that they are brainwashed, that they have been brainwashed by Satan, and that they have become psychopaths who "believe in what is not true and what is false". (8) "Christians" (Jews) who think in this way are in fact dehumanized, demonic and devils in human skin.

A final note: (1) Genesis is the first book of the Bible and the first of the 39 articles of the Old Testament, the starting point of Jehovah's indoctrination. I began to expound Genesis on 3 August 2017 until today, 19 September, a period of 48 days, during which there was a delay of about 7 days in going to distribute the LWML.
(2) Through my exposition of Genesis, I slowly discovered that Jehovah had described the image of "Jehovah's prophet" as a lying deceiver in great detail, which for some reason had been ignored by the Israelites. The Israelites only practised the text as "prophets of the LORD" as a doctrinal text, but ignored the true picture of "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob" as lying, deceitful liars. Why is their thinking like this? They must have been brainwashed and misled from childhood.
(3) The "prophets of the Lord" became the "priests of Judaism", and throughout the book of Genesis, they were the image of Satan incarnate. (4) The Israelites did not discover that the "prophets of the Lord" were all demonic figures because those who read Genesis did not interpret the commentary sentence by sentence as I have done, because the memory of the mind is limited and it is only by turning thoughts into words and accumulating them into information that one will discover that the Lord is exposing the true nature of Satan through Genesis.
(5) In fact, there are many versions of the interpretation of Genesis on the Internet today, that is to say: many people have interpreted Genesis as I have, but they all praise "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob", the lying deceivers, as "prophets of the LORD " because the interpreters of Genesis were Jewish preachers.
(6) It was only when Genesis became the first book of the Old Testament in the Bible to be sent to the world that Judaism, which had no popularity, became known to the world. How is it that the Old Testament of Judaism was included in the Christian Bible when Christianity was originally Jesus'? This shows that Judaizers under the guise of Christianity have entered within Christianity and shows that Judaism is promoting Judaism under the guise of Christianity.
(7) The Bible, consisting of 39 articles from the Old Testament and 27 articles from the New Testament, is like a "bewitchment" that can keep any intelligent genius from walking out and becoming a minion of Satan. (8) The prerequisite for a true reading of the Bible is to understand the Book of Revelation, without which one cannot find the conditions under which Jesus rebuked the Jewish group, nor can one know what Christ is or what he is like. The Book of Revelation, like Genesis, has long been interpreted by many people who are Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, so you are bound to be misled if you read the Book of Revelation as interpreted by others, and it does not make one a Christ at all.
(9) When I read the book of Genesis after I have explained the book of Revelation and understood the "Christianity of Jesus" and become "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", it is easy to see through the book of Genesis "The prophets of the Lord" are all demons in their true nature.

[Part 2: Explanation of the Chinese words used in Genesis].
Additional 1. "The three principles and the five constants": The three principles: "The king is the principle of his subjects", "the father is the principle of his sons" and "the husband is the principle of his wife". ". (1) "The ruler is the subject": the superior is the model for the subordinate, and the leader must set a good example for the other staff. (2) "The father is the outline of the son": parents are the model for their children, and parent's should set a good example for their children. (3) "Husband as wife": the husband is the model for the wife, and the husband should set a good example for his wife.
The five constants: benevolence, righteousness, propriety, wisdom and faith. (1) Ren means loving people. When people get along with each other, to be harmonious and caring is to be benevolent. (2) To step up to the plate when someone is in trouble, to be able to give up and help someone out, is righteousness. (3) Courtesy, to respect others is courtesy. (4) Wisdom, to understand right from wrong, right from wrong, evil from right, true from false. (5) Faith, not doubting, honesty.

Additional 2: The Five Rites and Eight Virtues: The Five Rites are: righteousness for rulers and subjects, kinship for fathers and sons, distinction for husbands and wives, order for brothers, and trust for friends. (1) Righteousness of ruler and subject: The ruler makes his subjects to be courteous and the subjects to be loyal to the ruler. (1) The father and the son have kinship: the father must be kind to his children and the son must be filial to his parents. If the father is kind and the son is filial, the father and son are naturally related. (3) There is a difference between husband and wife: the husband treats his wife with duty, and the wife serves her husband with gentleness. The husband loves his wife and the wife loves her husband. The husband sings and the wife follows him, and the couple discusses and acts on all matters of the family. (4) The eldest is the elder and the youngest is the younger. The elder brother loves the younger brother, and the younger brother respects the elder brother. The family's ancestral property is not contested or coveted, so naturally the elders and children are in order. (5) Friends have faith: If you have faith in your friends' words, if you are at fault, you will advise and correct them, if you do good deeds, if you are rich or poor, you will treat them equally, and if you deal with them morally, you will naturally have faith in your friends.
"The Eight Virtues are: filial piety, fraternity, loyalty, trust, propriety, righteousness, integrity and shame. (1) Filial piety: this means filial obedience. To be filial to one's parents is the duty of a child, and to be filial is to repay the kindness of one's parents. (2) Brotherhood: This means to be respectful to one's brother. This is the duty of a younger brother to repay the kindness of his brother's love and care. (3) Loyalty: This means to be loyal. To be loyal to the country is one's duty as a citizen, and it is to repay the country's kindness. To betray the interests of the country is to be a disloyal traitor to the state. (4) Faith: This means trust. We must keep our word to our friends, and we must not lose our word to our friends. (5) Etiquette: This means courtesy. Observe etiquette, be polite when you meet people, and treat them with courtesy. (6) Righteousness: This is moral righteousness. You must pursue justice, be courageous in the spirit of righteousness, do your best to help whoever is in trouble, do not steal, do not take advantage, do not be partial, and do not be ashamed. (7) Lian: That is, honesty. To be clean, to take pleasure in being clean, to love oneself, to be honest and to serve the public. (8) Shame: that is, shame. Anything that does not make sense, anything that is against your conscience, you will never do. If a man is shameless, he is the same as a beast.

Additional 3. "Four births" (four ecological forms): I. Oviparity; there are hard-shelled avian eggs and fish eggs. In a previous life, because of "greed and resourcefulness and excessive calculation", man fell into egg-life and became a bird or fish in this life. Those who are blindly greedy for heights become birds, manifesting themselves by flying high when they see people. Those who are vile and shameless become submerged fish, who dive and sink at the sight of men.
Secondly, in their previous lives, human beings lusted after lust, and so they fell into birth. There are mainly human beings and animals. Those who by nature coveted lust were erected for men. Those who are cross-hearted and covetous are erected as animals.
In the previous life, because of "greed for wine and meat, and for fun and frolic", man fell into a wet life and became a maggot, a toilet worm, or a midge in this life.
In his previous life, because of his "change of heart, his mind is changed, his face is wrong, and he commits the wrong thing," he fell into the life of an incarnate being, and became a moth or a flying insect in this life.

Part 3: Techniques for reading the Bible without being misled by the superficial meaning of the words and getting the essence of the Scriptures straight away].
1. Faced with the vast amount of mysteries in the Bible, how should we read the Bible in order not to be misled and to get the essence directly? First, you must first have the question "Why was Jesus killed by the Jews and what did he say and do that led to his crucifixion". If you don't have this doubt and don't understand it, you follow the "pastor" in the church and "sing hymns and prayers", you have become a Jew under the guise of Christianity and there is no possibility of escape.
2. When you get the Bible, you read it in one line, looking for the "reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism". In fact, there is no "reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism" in the Old Testament. If you are not strong enough to read the Old Testament and then stop looking for the "reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism", you will have given up halfway and become a Jew.
3. You read the first book of the New Testament, the Gospel of Matthew. Chapter 23 of the Gospel of Matthew is full of the words of Jesus rebuking the Judaizers and the Pharisees. When you see the words and actions of Jesus rebuking Judaism, you will find the question "Why was Jesus killed by Judaism and what did he say and do that led to his crucifixion". It will then be clear that the fact that Jesus called the Jews who practised the Old Testament "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" was a sign that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group, that Jesus overthrew Judaism as a "devilish group" and established Christianity. This is the sign that Jesus ended the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era", this is the sign that Jesus was a "religious revolutionary", and this is what caused the panic in Judaism that led to the crucifixion of Jesus. This is what caused the panic in Judaism and led to the crucifixion of Jesus.
4. The term "Pharisee" is of Hebrew origin and means "to separate", referring to radical people who deliberately distance themselves from the world in order to maintain their apparent purity. Another allegory is that "self-righteousness" due to selfishness and narrow-mindedness is in fact a cover for the pride and greed of the Jewish "prophets" and their indifference to the legitimate needs of others. The "Pharisees" were the sect of Jews who practised the Old Testament, which was popular at the time of Jesus, and who exaggerated the reverence for the laws of "Moses" and demanded full observance by all. The "church group" taught a "literal" interpretation of the Old Testament, making people take the words of the Bible very seriously and live their lives in strict accordance with the "literal" meaning of the Bible. "These ignorant and arrogant bigots have become the "Pharisees" of Judaism.
5. All the "Jewish prophets" who practised the Old Testament, from "Abraham" to Jesus, were "Pharisees" scolded by Jesus, all in the guise of Yahweh They are all Satanic demons who promote demonic indoctrination. After the death of Jesus, and especially after Christianity became the state religion of Rome, the "Pharisees" rebuked by Jesus not only did not disappear with the disappearance of Jesus, but they swarmed into Christianity and became the dominant Christianity within Christianity. If you read Matthew 23 again and look at the Christian church groups, you will see that it was the "Pharisees" who dominated Christianity for over a thousand years.
6. Knowing that all the "Jewish prophets" who practised the Old Testament before Jesus were "Pharisees" who were rebuked by Jesus and were promoting "satanic indoctrination" under the guise of Jehovah, you will understand that the devil is the one who has been in charge of Christianity for over a thousand years. When we realise that the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament were the "satanic devils", we will understand that the Lord had made the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament to perform all kinds of farces, so that they could show the true face of the "satanic devils"; and when we realise that When we realise that the "Jewish prophets" are satanic demons who are putting on farces to promote demonic indoctrination in the guise of Yahweh, we become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". When we quote the words and actions of Jesus to expose the "Jewish prophets" as the true nature of the devil and rebuke them, as Jesus did, as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", we become "those who have eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in their mouth, and feet like bright brass". We become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron", we become "the Christ who is like Jesus", we are "Jesus who has come again into the world", the The "new Jesus". Let Christians be the indoctrination of Christ, the "infallible indoctrination" of Yahweh, the "unique Christianity".
7. The "Last Judgement" is the overthrow of the devilish group that has misinterpreted the Bible and the pronouncement of judgment on Satan who has misinterpreted the Bible, while at the same time revealing the original meaning of the Bible for Christians to become Christ. The Bible is not at all disregarded. "The "Last Judgment" is a pronouncement against a group of demons who have misinterpreted the Bible, a pronouncement against a demon who has not become Christ himself and who will not allow others to become Christ, and a pronouncement against the "Last Judgment The "Last Judgment" is a verdict on the satanic demons who promote "Satan's indoctrination" as "Jesus' indoctrination", and the "Last Judgment" is a verdict on the demons who do not allow Christians to practice the Book of Revelation but rather to practice it. The "Last Judgement" is a verdict on the Satanic demons who do not allow Christians to practise the Book of Revelation, but instead make them "sing hymns and prayers and do charity". The "Last Judgement" is a way for Jesus' worshippers around the world to learn the true "teachings of Jesus" and for Jesus to be the true "leader" who will lead the wise and good back to their home in heaven.
8. All things in this world are created by God and are "angels" sent by God to do their part in "building heaven on earth". Brothers and sisters who worship God all over the world! Children of the Kingdom of Heaven" who want to return to their Father! Do you understand the Bible now? Brothers and sisters of the world who read the Bible! Angels of the Kingdom of Heaven who want to be loved by the Father! Did you all understand after listening to me? (November 13, 2017)

Posted by Li Huaiju on 13 Aug 2017 06:35pm 19 Sep 18:30 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






