The Bible Old Testament 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 3 The House of David grows strong
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
3:1 The house of Saul and the house of David fought for a long time, and the house of David grew stronger and the house of Saul weaker.
3:2 And David had several sons in Hebron: the firstborn, Hinnom, by Ahinoam the Jezreelite
3:3 the second son, Gilead, by Abigail, the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the third son, Absalom, by Maacah, the daughter of Dabai, king of Kishon.
3:4 the fourth son Adonijah, by Hagar; and the fifth son Shephatiah, by Abiathar.
3:5 the sixth son, Ethnias, by Eglah, David's wife. All these six sons of David were born in Hebron.
3:6 And when the house of Saul was at war with the house of David, Bethel had great power in the house of Saul.
3:7 And Saul had a concubine named Lizpah, the daughter of Aiya. One day Ishbosheth said to Daniel, "Why are you in the same room with my father's concubine?"
3:8 When he was angry at Ishbosheth's words, he said, "Am I the head of the dogs of Judah? I was kind to your father Saul's house and to his brothers and friends, and did not deliver you into David's hand, and today you rebuke me for this woman?
3:9-10 If I do not do what the LORD has sworn to David, to abolish Saul's throne and establish David's throne, so that he may rule over Israel and Judah from Dan to Beersheba, may God punish me severely!"
3:11 Ishbosheth was too afraid of Daniel to answer a word.
3:12 Then Daniel sent to David and said for him, "To whom shall this kingdom belong?" And he said, "Make a covenant with me, and I will help you, and bring all Israel to you."
3:13 David said, "Good! I will make a covenant with you. But one thing, when you come to see me, you shall not see my face unless you bring Michal, Saul's daughter."
3:14 So David sent to Ishbosheth, Saul's son, and said, "Return to me Michal my wife, whom I hired for a hundred Philistines' masculine skins."
3:15 So Ishbosheth sent and brought Michal back from Pater, her husband, the son of Lazarus.
3:16 And Michal's husband followed her, weeping as she went, until she came to Ptahurim. Then Daniel said, "Go back!" So Pateret went back.
3:17 Then Daniel said to the elders of Israel, "Once you wanted David to be king over you.
3:18 now you may do as your heart desires. For the LORD has spoken of David, saying, 'By the hand of my servant David I will deliver my people Israel from the hand of the Philistines and all their enemies.'"
3:19 With these words also did Daniel speak to the Benjamites. And he went to Hebron and spoke to David all the things that pleased the Israelites and the whole house of Benjamin.
3:20 And when Daniel came to Hebron with twenty men to David, David made a feast for him and for the men whom he had brought with him.
3:21 And Daniel said to David, "I will rise and gather all Israel to my lord and my king, and make a covenant with you, and you may reign as your heart desires." So David sent Benel away, and Benel went in peace.
3:22 Joab and David's servants attacked the enemy's army and brought back much plunder. At that time Joab was not with David in Hebron, for David had sent him away, and he went in peace.
3:23 When Joab and the whole army that followed him arrived, it was told to Joab, saying, "Beniur son of Ner came to the king, and the king sent him away, and he went in peace."
3:24 Joab went to the king and said, "What are you doing? Why did you send him away when Daniel came to you, and he disappeared?
3:25 You should know that Daniel son of Ner came to swindle you, to know your going in and out and all that you have done."
3:26 When Joab came out of David's place, he sent after him, and caught up with him at the well of Silas, and brought him back. But David did not know.
3:27 When Daniel returned to Hebron, Joab led him to the cave of the jar at the gate of the city, and pretending to speak to him in confidence, he pierced him there in the belly, and he died. This was to avenge the murder of his brother Asahel.
3:28 And when David heard it, he said, "Shed the blood of Daniel the son of Ner, and this sin will never return to me or to my kingdom before the LORD.
3:29 May the sin of shedding his blood be on Joab's head and on his father's whole house; and may there be continually in Joab's house those who suffer from leprosy, those who grow leprous, those who walk on sticks, those who are killed by the sword, and those who lack food and drink."
3:30 And Joab and Abishai his brother slew Bneiyman because Bneiyman had killed their brother Asahel in the battle of Gibeon.
3:31 David commanded Joab and all the men who followed him, saying, "Tear your clothes, gird yourselves with sackcloth, and weep before the coffin of Beniur." King David also followed behind the coffin.
3:32 They buried Bethel in Hebron. The king let out his voice and wept by the tomb of Beniur, and all the people wept.
3:33 The king mourned for him, saying, "Why did Daniel die like a fool?
3:34 Your hands are not bound and your feet are not chained; you die as a man dies under the hand of a sinful man." Then the people wept again for Daniel.
3:35 When the sun had not yet set, the people came and urged David to eat, but David swore, "If I eat before the sun sets, or eat anything else, may God punish me severely!"
3:36 When the people knew this, they all rejoiced. All the people rejoiced in whatever the king did.
3:37 Then all the people of Israel knew that it was not the king's will that they should kill Neil's son, Bethel.
3:38 The king said to his servants, "Do you not know that a great man has died among the Israelites today who was a marshal?
3:39 Though I have been anointed king, I am still weak today. The two sons of this Zeruiah are stronger than I. May the LORD repay him according to the evil that the wicked have done."

Expository section.
10-17, (1) "3:1 The house of Saul and the house of David fought for a long time, and the house of David grew stronger day by day, and the house of Saul grew weaker day by day" Q. Is this true? (2) "3:2 And David had several sons in Hebron: the first son, Hinnom, by Ahinoam the Jezreelite; the second son, Gilead, by Abigail, the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; the third son, Absalom, by Maacah, the daughter of Dabai, king of Kishon; and the fourth son, Absalom, by Maacah, the daughter of Dabai, king of Kishon. The third son, Absalom, was born to Maacah, the daughter of Dabai, king of Kishkiah; the fourth son, Adonijah, was born to Hagar; the fifth son, Shephatiah, was born to Abiathar; and the sixth son, Etzanim, was born to Eglah, the wife of David". Answer: Yes. Is.
10-18. (1) "3:6 And when the house of Saul was at war with the house of David, Daniel had great power in the house of Saul", Q: Is that so? (2) "3:7 One day Ishbosheth said to Bethel, "Why are you in bed with my father's concubine?" , ask: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-19, (1) "3:8 And it came to pass, when he was angry at the words of Ishbosheth, that he said, Am I not the head of the dogs of Judah? 3:9 If I do not do what the LORD has sworn to David, to dethrone Saul and establish David's throne, so that he may rule over Israel and Judah, from Dan to Beersheba, may God punish me severely!" , Q: Is that so? (2) "3:11 Ishbosheth was too afraid of Daniel to answer a word", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-20, (1) "3:12 And Daniel sent to David, and said for him, To whom shall this kingdom be? And he said, Make a covenant with me, and I will help you, and bring all Israel to you", Q: Is that so? (2) "3:13 And David said, Good! I will make a covenant with you. But one thing, when you come to see me, you will not see my face unless you bring Michal, Saul's daughter", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-21, (1) "3:14 Then David sent to Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and said, Return to me Michal my wife, whom I had betrothed for the skin of a hundred Philistines. 3:15 So Ishbosheth sent and brought Michal back from Pater, her husband, the son of Labiath. 3:16 And Michal's husband followed her, weeping as she went and wept, and followed her as far as Baudolim", and asked, "Is that so? (2) "3:17 Then Daniel said to the elders of Israel, "Once you wanted David to be king over you, 3:18 but now you can do as your heart desires. For the LORD has spoken of David, saying, "By the hand of my servant David I will deliver my people Israel from the hand of the Philistines and all their enemies". Answer: Yes. Is.
10-22, (1) "3:19 With these words also did Daniel speak to the Benjamites. And he went to Hebron and spoke to David all the things that pleased the Israelites and the whole house of Benjamin", Q: Is that so? (2) "3:20 And when Zenir came to David in Hebron with twenty men, David made a feast for Zenir and for the men whom he had brought with him", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-23. (1) "3:21 And Daniel said to David, "I will arise and gather all Israel to my lord and my king, and will make a covenant with you, and you may reign as your heart desires", Q: Is that so? (2) "3:22 Joab and David's servants attacked the enemy's army and brought back much plunder", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-24, (1) "3:24 Joab went to the king and said, What are you doing? Why have you sent him away, and he is gone? 3:25 You shall know that Joab son of Ner came to swindle you, to know your going in and out, and all that you do", Q: Is that so? (2) "3:26 And Joab came out of David's place, and sent after him, and overtook him at the well of Silas, and brought him back. But David did not know", Q. Is that so? (3) "3:27 And when Daniel returned to Hebron, Joab led him to the cave of the gate of the city, and pretended to speak with him in confidence, and there he pierced his belly, and he died. This was to avenge the murder of his brother Asahel", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes. Yea. Is.
10-25, (1) "3:28 When David heard it, he said, "The sin of shedding the blood of Joab, the son of Ner, shall never come upon me and my nation before the LORD. 3:29 May the sin of shedding his blood come upon Joab's head and upon his father's house; and may there be continually in Joab's house those who suffer from leprosy, those who grow leprous, those who walk on the rack, those who are killed by the sword, and those who lack food ", Q. Is that so? (2) "3:30 And Joab and Abishai his brother slew B'neiel because B'neiel slew Asahel their brother in the battle of Gibeon", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "And may the house of Joab continue to be plagued with leprosy, and leprous, and walking on sticks, and slain by the sword, and lacking in food" are words added by the "priests", not by "David These words were added by the "priests", not by "David". (2) Yes.

10-26, (1) "3:31 David commanded Joab and all the men who followed him, saying, "Tear your clothes, gird yourselves with sackcloth, and weep before the coffin of Daniel. King David also followed after the coffin.3:32 They buried Bethel in Hebron. And the king wept with a loud voice by the tomb of Beniur, and all the people wept", Q: Is that so? (2) "3:33 And the king lifted up his voice over Daniel, and said, How is it that Daniel died as a fool? 3:34 Your hands were not bound, nor your feet chained; you died as a man dies under the hand of a sinful man. Then all the people wept again for Bethel" and asked, "Is this so? Answer: (1) "Tear your clothes" was written by the "priests", not by "David". (2) Yes.
10-27, (1) "3:35 When the sun had not yet set, the people came and urged David to eat, but David swore, saying, "If I eat before the sun sets, or if I eat anything else, may God punish me severely!" and asked, "Is that so? (2) "3:37 And it came to pass on that day that all the people of Israel knew that it was not of the king's will that they should kill Bethel the son of Ner", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-28, "3:38 The king said to his servants, "Do you not know that a great man has died today among the Israelites who was a marshal? 3:39 Though I have been anointed king, I am still weak today. The two sons of this Zeruiah are stronger than I. May the LORD repay him according to the evil that the wicked have done", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 5 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





