The Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 24 "David" earns respect by not killing "Saul"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text
24:1 When Saul returned from pursuing the Philistines, he was told, "David is in the wilderness of Hercules."
24:2 So Saul chose three thousand of his best men from among the Israelites, and led them to the rock of the wild sheep, to seek David and those who were following him.
24:3 When they came to the sheepfold by the roadside, there was a hole there, and Saul went in and relieved himself greatly. David and his followers were hiding in the depths of the cave.
24:4 The men who were following him said to David, "The LORD has promised you, saying, 'I will give your enemy into your hand, and you may do with him as you wish.' Now the time has come." So David got up and quietly cut off the lapels of Saul's outer robe.
24:5 Then David reproached himself in his heart for cutting off the lapels of Saul's coat.
24:6 and said to those who followed him, "My Lord is the LORD's anointed, and I will not dare to stretch out my hand against him before the LORD, for he is the LORD's anointed."
24:7 With these words David stopped those who followed him from rising up to harm Saul. Saul got up and went out of the cave on his way.
24:8 Then David also arose and went out of the cave, calling to Saul and saying, "My Lord and my King!" And Saul turned back to see, and David bowed down with his face to the ground and worshipped.
24:9 David said to Saul, "Why did you listen to the slander of men that David was trying to harm you?
24:10 Today you saw with your own eyes that in the cave the LORD gave you into my hand, and I was told to kill you, but I loved and cherished you, saying, 'I dare not stretch out my hand against my Lord, for he is the LORD's anointed one.'
24:11 O my Father! Look at the lapels of your outer robe in my hands. I cut off the lapels of your coat and did not kill you, so that you may know by this that I did not rebel against you with malice. Though you have hunted me for my life, I have not sinned against you.
24:12 May the LORD judge right and wrong between you and me, and do me justice in you, but I will not do you harm with my own hands.
24:13 There is an old proverb that says, 'Evil things come from evil men.' But I will not do you harm with my own hands.
24:14 Whom will the king of Israel come out to seek? Who will he chase? But after a dead dog and a flea.
24:15 May the LORD judge between you and me, determine right and wrong, and see, and bring justice to me, and deliver me from your hand."
24:16 When David had said these words to Saul, Saul said, "Is this your voice, my son David?" And he let out a loud cry and
24:17 and said to David, "You are more righteous than I, for you have treated me with good, but I have treated you with evil.
24:18 You have shown today that you have treated me well, for the LORD has given me into your hand, and you have not killed me.
24:19 If a man meets his enemy, will he let him go in peace? May the LORD repay you with good because of what you have done to me today.
24:20 I know also that you shall reign, and the kingdom of Israel shall be firmly established in your hand.
24:21 Now you shall swear to me by the LORD that you will not cut off my descendants, and that you will not destroy my name in my father's house."
24:22 So David swore to Saul, and Saul went home; and David and those who followed him went up to the mountain fortress.

Expository section.
9-155, (1) "24:2 Then Saul chose three thousand of his best men from among the Israelites, and led them to the rock of the wild sheep, and sought David and those who followed him," Q. Is that so? (2) "24:3 When he came to the sheepfold by the roadside, where there was a cave, Saul went in and relieved himself greatly. David and those who followed him were hiding in the depths of the cave", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

9-156, (1) "24:4 The men who followed said to David, The LORD has promised you, saying, 'I will give your enemy into your hand, and you may do with him as you wish.' Now the time has come" and asked, "Is that so? (2) "24:4 Then David arose and quietly cut off the lapels of Saul's outer robe", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) "The LORD" did not say such a thing. (1) "Jehovah" did not say anything like that. [Only demonic demons like the "priests" (priests and ministers) would say such a thing, because the "priests" wanted to deify "Jehovah" to intimidate everyone. They also slander, scandalize and abuse "Yahweh", so that the "priests" are the embodiment of lying, demonic and misleading demons. (2) It was "David" who did this to prove that he was a faithful man.

9-157, (1) "24:6 Say to those who follow him, "My Lord is the Lord's anointed, and I will not dare to stretch out my hand against him before the Lord, for he is the Lord's anointed". (2) "24:8 And David called to Saul, saying, My lord and my king! And Saul turned back to see, and David bowed down with his face to the ground and worshipped", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) It is so.

9-158, (1) "24:11 O my Father! Look at the lapels of your outer robe in my hands. I cut off the lapels of your coat and did not kill you, so that you may know by this that I did not rebel against you with malice. Though you hunted me for my life, I have not sinned against you", Q: Did David say this? (2) "24:15 May the LORD judge between you and me, determine right and wrong, and see to it that justice is done for me, and deliver me from your hand", Q. Did David say this? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

9-159, (1) "24:16 And when David had finished speaking these words to Saul, Saul said, Is this your voice, my son David? And he let out a loud cry" and asked, Is that so? (2) "24:17 Say to David, You are more righteous than I, for you have treated me with good, but I have treated you with evil. Thou hast shown thyself this day to do me good: for the LORD hath delivered me into thy hand, and thou hast not slain me. If a man meets his enemy, will he let him go unharmed? May the LORD repay you in kindness for what you have done to me today. I also know that you will reign, and the kingdom of Israel will be firmly established in your hand. Now you shall swear to me by the LORD that you will not cut off my descendants and that you will not destroy my name in my father's house", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





