The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 18 David's rebellion and loss of his son
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were puppets for the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings also committed some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
18:1 David counted the men who followed him, and set up captains of thousands and captains of hundreds to lead them.
18:2 And David sent out his army into battle, and divided it into three bands: one under Joab, one under Abishai the son of Zeruiah, Joab's brother; and one under Ether the Gathite; and David said to the soldiers, "I will go out with you into battle."
18:3 But the soldiers said, "You must not go out to war. If we flee, the enemy will not mind, nor will they mind if half of us fall. For you alone are stronger than ten thousand of us; you might as well be in the city ready to help us."
18:4 And the king said to them, "As you think good, so I will do." So the king stood by the gate of the city, and the soldiers went out one by one, by hundreds or by thousands.
18:5 And the king commanded Joab, Abishai, and Ether, saying, "Be lenient with the young man Absalom for my sake." The soldiers heard what the king said to the generals about Absalom.
18:6 So the soldiers went out into the field to meet the Israelites, and fought in the grove of Ephraim.
18:7 And the Israelites were defeated before the servants of David; and many of them fell that day, twenty thousand men in all.
18:8 For there they fought on all sides, and more died in the wood than by the sword.
18:9 By chance, Absalom met David's servant. And he rode on a mule, and passed under the dense boughs of a great oak, and his hair was caught in the boughs of the tree, and he hung up, and the mule on which he was riding departed from him.
18:10 When a man saw it, he told Joab, "I saw Absalom hanging on the oak tree."
18:11 Joab said to the man who reported it, "If you saw him, why did you not kill him and leave him on the ground? If you kill him, I will reward you with ten shekels of silver and a belt."
18:12 The man said to Joab, "Even if I had a thousand shekels of silver from you, I would not dare to lay my hand on the king's son, for we heard the king command you and Abishai and Ether, saying, 'Take care that you do not harm the young man Absalom.
18:13 If I do anything presumptuous to harm his life, even you yourself will be an enemy to me. (It turned out that whatever was done could not be hidden from the king.)"
18:14 Joab said, "I cannot stay with you." Joab took three short spears in his hand and pierced the heart of Absalom while he was still alive on the oak tree.
18:15 The ten young men who had taken the weapons for Joab surrounded Absalom and killed him.
18:16 Joab blew a horn to stop the men, and they returned and stopped pursuing the Israelites.
18:17 They threw Absalom into a great pit in the forest, and heaped a great heap of stones on top of it. All the Israelites fled and went back to their houses.
18:18 While Absalom was alive, he set up a pillar of stone in the valley of the king, for he said, "I have no son to keep a name for me." And he called the pillar of stone by his own name, the pillar of Absalom, to this day.
18:19 And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok said, "Let me run away and report to the king the message of the LORD to the enemy to avenge the king."
18:20 Joab said to him, "You must not go and report the message today, but on another day you may report it, for today the king's son is dead, so you must not go and report it."
18:21 Joab said to the Gushite, "Go and tell the king what you have seen." The Gushites bowed down before Joab and ran away.
18:22 Then Ahimaaz son of Zadok said to Joab again, "By all means, please allow me to run away with the Cushite." And Joab said, "My son, why should you run away, if you are not rewarded for reporting this message?"
18:23 He said again, "I will run, no matter what." Joab said, "Run away!" So Ahimaaz ran onward from the plain, and ran past the Gushites.
18:24 David was sitting in the urn of the city. The watchmen went up to the top of the gatehouse of the city, and lifted up their eyes to see a man running alone.
18:25 So the watchmen raised their voice and told the king. The king said, "If he has come alone, he must be a messenger." The man ran closer and closer.
18:26 When the watchmen saw another man running, they said to the men at the gate, "Another man has come running alone." The king said, "This too must be the one who reported the news."
18:27 The watchman said, "I see that the man at the front is running like the running of Ahimaaz son of Zadok." The king said, "He is a good man, and will be reporting good news."
18:28 Ahimaaz called to the king and said, "Peace be with you!" Then he bowed down with his face to the ground before the king and said, "Blessed be the LORD your God, for he has delivered to the king the man who lifted up his hand against my lord and my king!"
18:29 The king asked, "Is the young man Absalom safe?" Ahimaaz answered, "Joab sent the king's servant, when the servant heard the people making a loud noise, but did not know what it was."
18:30 The king said, "Go back and stand by the side." So he withdrew and stood by.
18:31 The Gushites also came and said, "A message has been reported to my Lord and my king! The LORD has given you vengeance today on all those who rise up against you."
18:32 The king asked the Kushite, "Is the young man Absalom safe?" The Cushite answered, "May the enemies of my lord and my king, and all those who rise up to kill you, be like the young man."
18:33 Then the king mourned in his heart, and went up to the gatehouse and wept, saying as he went along, "O my son Absalom! My son, my son Absalom! I would have died for you, O Absalom! My son, my son!"

Explanatory section.
10-132, (1) "18:2 And David sent out his army into battle, and divided it into three bands: one under Joab, one under Abishai the son of Zeruiah, Joab's brother; and one under Ether the Gathite; and David said to the army, I will go out with you into battle. 18:3 But the army said, "You shall not go out into battle. If we flee, the enemy will not mind, nor will he mind if half of us fall. For you alone are stronger than ten thousand of us; you might as well be in the city ready to help us", Q. Is that so? (2) "18:4 And the king said to them, "As you think good, so will I do. 18:5 And the king commanded Joab, Abishai, and Ether, saying, "Be lenient with the young man Absalom for my sake. The king commanded the soldiers for Absalom, and they all heard him", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.

10-133, (1) "18:6 So the soldiers went out into the field to meet the Israelites, and fought in the grove of Ephraim. 18:7 The Israelites were defeated before the servant of David; and many were killed that day, twenty thousand men in all. 18:8 For there they fought on all sides, and more died in the grove than by the sword. 18:9 And it came to pass, when he was riding on his mule, that he passed under the dense boughs of the great oak tree, that his hair was caught in the boughs of the tree, and he hung up, and the mule on which he was riding departed from him", Q: Is this so? (2) "18:10 And a man saw it, and told Joab, saying, I saw Absalom hanging on the oak tree. 18:11 And Joab said to the man who reported it, "If you saw him, why did you not kill him and throw him to the ground? If you kill him, I will reward you with ten shekels of silver and a belt". Answer: Yes. Yes.
10-134, (1) "18:12 And the man said to Joab, "Even if I had a thousand shekels of silver from you, I would not dare to lay my hand on the king's son, for we heard the king command you and Abishai and Ether, saying, Take care that you do no harm to the young man Absalom. 18:13 If I should presume to harm his life, even you yourself would be my enemy ", Q. Is that so? (2) "18:14 Joab took three short spears in his hand and pierced the heart of Absalom while he was still alive in the oak tree. 18:15 The ten young men who had given Joab weapons surrounded Absalom and killed him. 18:16 Joab blew a horn to stop the people, and they returned and stopped pursuing the Israelites. 18:17 They threw Absalom into a large pit in the forest, and on top of it heaped up a great heap of stones", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-135. (1) "18:18 And when Absalom was alive, he set up a pillar of stone in the valley of the king, because he said, I have no son to keep my name for me", Q: Is that so? (2) "18:19 And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok said, Let me run away and report to the king the message of the LORD to the enemy to avenge the king. 18:20 And Joab said to him, You shall not go and report it today, but you may report it another day; for today the king's son is dead, therefore you shall not go and report it", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-136, (1) "18:21 And Joab said to the Cushites, Go and tell the king what you have seen. And the Gushites bowed down before Joab, and ran away", Q: Is that so? (2) "18:22 And Ahimaaz the son of Zadok said to Joab, By all means, let me run away with the Cushites." And Joab said, My son, why should you run away, if you report this message, and are not rewarded?18:23 And he said again, By all means, I will run away." And Joab said, Run away! And Ahimaaz ran onward from the plain, and ran over the Gushites", Q: Is that so? Answer: yes. Is.

10-137, (1) "18:24 And David was sitting in the urn of the city. And the watchmen went up to the top of the gatehouse, and lifted up their eyes, and saw a man running alone. 18:25 So the watchmen raised their voice and told the king. The king said, "If he comes alone, he must be a messenger", asking, "Is that so? (2) "18:26 And when the watchmen saw another man running, they said to the men who were at the gates of the city, "Another man is running alone." And the king said, "This also must be the one who reported the news. 18:27 And the watchman said, "I see that the man at the front is running like the running of Ahimaaz, the son of Zadok. The king said, "He is a good man, and he will be reporting good tidings", and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-138, (1) "18:29 And the king asked, saying, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz answered and said to him, Joab sent the king's servant, when the servant heard the people making a loud noise, but did not know what it was. 18:30 And the king said, Go back and stand by. And he withdrew and stood by", and asked, "Is this so? (2) "18:32 And the king asked the Cushites, saying, Is the young man Absalom safe? And the Cushite answered and said, May the enemies of my lord and my king, and all who rise up to kill you, be like the young man", Q: Is that so? (3) "18:33 Then the king mourned in his heart, and went up to the gatehouse and wept, saying as he went along, O my son Absalom! My son, my son Absalom! I would have died for you, O Absalom! My son, my son!" And he asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.
(1) "18:33 Nathan the prophet said, "Because he killed Uriah, his son will betray him. "Did the LORD tell Nathan to prophesy? "David (wept) and expressed his anger because Joab and his officers had killed Absalom against his will", Q. Is this true? (2) "David (wept) truly loved his son Absalom, though he was so rebellious". Answer: (1) No. This was a lie by the "priests" to promote the idea that Nathan was a "prophet". (2) Yes. Yes, it is.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on March 30, 2017 November 6, 2017 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





