The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 14 David forgives his son "Absalom"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jesus Christ for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.

(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound. In short, the Old Testament is a general representation of how the "prophets of Judaism", the devils, would go on staging farce after farce.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Part of the original text: David forgives his son "Absalom"
14:1 And Joab the son of Zeruiah, knowing that the king missed Absalom in his heart
14:2 he sent to Tekoa, and called a wise woman from there, and said to her, "Please pretend to be a mourner, and put on mourning clothes, and do not anoint yourself, but pretend to be a woman who has been mourning for a long time.
14:3 Go in to the king, and say thus and so to him." So Joab taught the woman what she should say.
14:4 The woman of Tekoa went before the king, bowed down and said, "O king, save!"
14:5 The king asked her, "What is your business?" She replied, "The handmaid is indeed a widow, and my husband is dead.
14:6 I had two sons, and one day they fought in the field, and there was no one to intercede, and this one killed the other.
14:7 Now the whole family rose up against the handmaid, saying, 'Give us the man who killed his brother, so that we may put him to death, and pay for the life of his brother who killed him, and exterminate him who bears the family name.' In this way they will put out the rest of my coals, and leave no name with my husband in the world."
14:8 The king said to the woman, "Go home! I will decree it for you."
14:9 Then the woman of Tekoa said to the king, "My lord and my king, may this sin be mine and my father's house, and have nothing to do with the king or his throne."
14:10 The king said, "Whoever is hard for you, bring him to me, and he will not disturb you any more."
14:11 The woman said, "May the king remember the LORD your God and not allow those who avenge blood to commit extermination, lest they exterminate my son." The king said, "I swear by the living LORD that not even a hair of your son will fall to the ground."
14:12 The woman said, "I beg my lord and my king to allow the handmaid to say one more word." The king said, "Speak!"
14:13 The woman said, "Why has the king also taken it into his heart to harm God's people? This word of the king, that he will not bring back the one who has fled, is proof of his own wrongdoing!
14:14 We are all bound to die, like water poured on the ground, which cannot be taken back. God does not take a man's life, but seeks to keep him who has fled from being driven out and from returning.
14:15 I have come to tell this to my lord and my king, because the people have made me afraid. The handmaid thought, "Why don't you tell this to the king, or the king will do what the handmaid asks?
14:16 Men will destroy me and my son together from the land of God, and the king will promise to deliver me from his hand.
14:17 And the handmaid thought, "The word of my lord and my king will comfort me, for my lord and my king is able to discern right from wrong, as an angel of God. May the LORD your God be with you!"
14:18 The king said to the woman, "I am going to ask you a word, and you must not hide anything from me." The woman said, "May my lord and my king speak."
14:19 The king said, "Are these words of yours not Joab's idea?" The woman said, "I dare swear before my lord my king that the king's words are right, and not to the right or to the left, and that Joab the king's servant commanded me, and that he taught me these words.
14:20 So Joab the king's servant did this, in order to undo the matter. But the wisdom of my Lord is as the wisdom of God's messengers, who know all the things of the world."
14:21 The king said to Joab, "I promise you this. You may go and bring back the young man Absalom."
14:22 So Joab bowed down with his face to the ground and gave thanks to the king, and said, "The king has granted my servant what he has asked, and today I know that I have found favor in the sight of my lord and my king."
14:23 So Joab got up and went to Kishon, and brought Absalom back to Jerusalem.
14:24 The king said, "Send him back to his own house, and do not see my face." So Absalom went to his own house and did not see the king.
14:25 There was no one in all the land of Israel as handsome as Absalom, who was praised by men, and had no blemish from the soles of his feet to the top of his head.
14:26 His hair was so heavy that at the end of the year it was cut; and what was cut off was weighed in the king's scale, and weighed two hundred shekels.
14:27 And Absalom had three sons and one daughter. And the daughter's name was Tamar, a beautiful woman of good looks.
14:28 And he stayed in Jerusalem for two years, and did not see the king.
14:29 And he sent for Joab, and asked him to come to the king, but Joab would not come. The second time he sent for him, he still refused to come.
14:30 So Absalom said to his servants, "Look, Joab has a field close to mine, in which there is barley; go and set fire to it." So Absalom's servants went and set fire to the field.
14:31 So Joab arose and came to the house of Absalom, and asked him, "Why did your servant set fire to my field?"
14:32 Absalom answered Joab, "I sent for you, so that I might ask you to go to the king and say for me, 'Why have I returned from Kishon? How about remaining there?' Now grant me access to the king's face, and if I have sinned, let the king kill me."
14:33 So Joab went to the king and told him this, and the king called Absalom to come. And he came to the king, and fell down on his face before him, and the king kissed him on the mouth.

Explanatory section.
10-108, (1) "14:1 And Joab the son of Zeruiah, knowing that the king missed Absalom in his heart, 14:2 sent to Tekoa, and called a wise woman from there, and said to her, "Please pretend to be a mourner, and put on mourning clothes, and do not anoint yourself, but pretend to be a woman who has been mourning for a long time as a dead man, 14:3 and go in to the king, and say this and that to him. Then Joab taught the woman what she should say", asking, "Is this so? (2) "14:8 The king said to the woman, "Go home! 14:9 And the woman of Tekoa said to the king, "My lord and my king, may this sin be mine and my father's house, and nothing to do with the king or his throne", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
10-109, (1) "14:10 And the king said, Bring to me anyone who is hard for you, and he will not disturb you any more. 14:11 And the woman said, May the king remember the LORD your God, and not allow those who avenge blood to commit extermination, lest they exterminate my son. And the king said, I swear by the living LORD that not even a hair of your son shall fall to the ground", Q: Is that so? (2) "14:19 And the king said, Is it not Joab's idea that you should say these things?" And the woman said, I dare swear before my lord and my king that the king's words are right, and not to the right or to the left, and that Joab the king's servant commanded me, and that he taught me these words. So Joab the king's servant did, that he might redeem the matter. But the wisdom of my Lord is as the wisdom of the messengers of God, who know all things in the world", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yea.
10-110, (1) "14:21 And the king said to Joab, "I promise you this. 14:22 Then Joab bowed down with his face to the ground and gave thanks to the king, and said, "The king has granted my servant what he has asked, and today I know that I have found favour in the sight of my lord and my king. 14:23 So Joab got up and went to Kishor and brought back Absalom to Jerusalem", Q: Is that so? (2) "14:24 And the king said, Let him go to his own house, and not see my face." So Absalom went to his own house and did not see the king's face. 14:25 There was no one in all the land of Israel as handsome as Absalom, who was praised by men and was without blemish from the soles of his feet to the top of his head. His hair was so heavy that at the end of the year it was cut; and what was cut off was weighed in the king's scale, and weighed two hundred shekels". Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-111, (1) "14:27 And Absalom had three sons and one daughter. 14:28 And he lived in Jerusalem two years, and did not see the king's face". (2) "14:29 And Absalom sent for Joab, and asked him to come to the king, but Joab would not come. He sent for him a second time, but he still refused to come", Q: Is that so? (3) "14:30 So Absalom said to his servants, "Look, Joab has a field close to mine, and there is barley in it; go and set fire to it. And the servants of Absalom went and set fire to the field", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is. Is.
10-112, (1) "14:31 Then Joab arose, and came to the house of Absalom, and asked him, saying, Why did your servant set fire to my field?" and asked, "Is that so? (2) "14:32 And Absalom answered Joab, saying, I sent for you, so that I might ask you to go to the king and say for me, 'Why have I returned from Kishon? It would be better to remain there.' Now let me see the king's face, and if I have sinned, let the king kill me", Q: Is that so? (3) "14:33 So Joab went to the king and told him this, and the king called Absalom to come. When he came to the king, he fell on his face before him, and the king kissed him on the mouth", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yea.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 28 March 2017 Edited 6 November by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





