The 27th book of the New Testament (chapter 5) The Lamb and the "Three Lambs”
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 5: The scroll sealed with seven seals (5:1-5)
27-5:1, "5:1 And I saw in the right hand of him who sat on the throne a scroll with writing on the inside and on the outside, sealed with seven seals": (1) "In the right hand of him who sat on the throne was a scroll with writing on the inside and on the outside", indicating that this is God's heavenly book for man to become the Christ (the Son of God) back in heaven. (1) "In the right hand of the throne there is a scroll with writing on the inside and outside", which means that this is God's book of heaven, the teaching that makes "Christians" into "Christians", the "doctrine of Christianity" (also the five teachings of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam). "(1) The Five Teachings of the Church (2) The "seven seals" are the "seven lamps of fire" lit before the throne, the "seven letters to the seven churches", the seven evils of Christianity, the seven demons of Christians, and the seven ways to overcome them. They are the seven ways to overcome them, the seven doctrines and conditions for Christians to become Christ, the seven treasures, the seven gifts that make Christians Christ. (3) You do not know that the "seven letters to the seven churches" are the seven evils of Christianity, the seven demons of Christians, the seven ways to overcome them, the seven doctrines and conditions for Christians to become Christians, the seven treasures and seven gifts that make Christians Christians, that is, "sealed with seven seals sealed tightly".
27-5:2, "5:2 And I saw a mighty angel proclaiming with a loud voice, saying, Who is worthy to unfold the scroll and to unseal the seven seals?" (1) To "open the seven seals" requires knowing the seven evils of Christianity, having the seven ways to overcome the devil, knowing the seven doctrines and conditions for Christians to become Christ, and receiving the seven treasures and seven gifts for Christians to become Christ, otherwise, one cannot "open the seven seals (2) To "uncover the seven seals". (2) To "open the seven seals", you must become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the voice of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron. "Then you will have the "seven spirits of God" and you will be the new Christ, the new God, who will "open the seven seals". (3) Only the new Christ, the new God, who can "uncover the seven seals" can "be worthy to unfold the scroll". (4) He who can "open the seven seals and is worthy to unfold the scroll" must be "a mighty angel", a man like the Great Sage who "has eyes like a flame of fire and a staff of iron in his hand". Otherwise, he would not have been able to "open the seven seals", nor would he have been "worthy to unfold the scroll".

27-5:3, "5:3 There is no one in heaven or on earth or under the earth who can unfold or see the scroll": (1) This is because the time for the "Last Judgment and the three sessions of the LWV" has not yet come. (2) If, at the time of the "Last Judgment and the three sessions of the LORD's Meeting (the marriage supper of the Lamb)", someone from "heaven" is sent to earth, there will be someone on earth who is "able to unfold and see the scroll "27-5:4.
27-5:4, "5:4 For I cried out because there was no one worthy to unfold or to see the scroll": (1) Because the time of the "Last Judgment and the three sessions of the LWV" has not yet come, no one has truly expounded the "Book of Revelation (1) Because it was not yet time for the "Last Judgment and the three LWs", no one had truly expounded the Book of Revelation, and no one had discovered that the secret of the "unveiling of the seven seals" was contained in the "seven letters to the seven churches", and therefore "no one worthy to unfold or to see the scroll (2) John "became a great servant of the Lord. (2) John "wept greatly", showing the urgency with which he was trying to help people. However, weeping is not a solution to the problem. If the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012 does not come, and the "Last Judgment and the three sessions of the LWV" do not take place until then, there will be "no one worthy to unfold or to see the scroll". "27-5:5.

27-5:5, "5:5 One of the elders said to me, "Do not cry! Behold, the Lion of the tribe of Judah, the Root of David, who has prevailed to unfold the scroll and to open the seven seals": (1) According to the Old Testament Book of Genesis, the second son of Isaac, the firstborn son of Abraham, whose name was originally Jacob, was renamed by God as Israel, and the descendants of Jacob were then called Israelites. Jacob had twelve sons whose descendants became the twelve tribes of Israel, namely, Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Zebulun, Dan, Joseph, Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad and Asher. David was the youngest son of Jesse and belonged to the house of Judah among the twelve tribes of Israel. Genesis 32:28: And the man said, Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men. Therefore, not to "sing hymns and prayers" and not to be a "priest's lamb" is to "wrestle with God and man and win". "the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David". Otherwise, they are "fools among the tribe of Judah" and are not "the root of David" at all. (2) Judas, one of the twelve disciples of Jesus, was born in Iscariot, according to the New Testament, and was also known as Judas Iscariot, who was in charge of Jesus' money after his conversion and later betrayed him for 30 pieces of silver. (3) In the "eyes of Christianity" there is only one true God, and all other holiness is an unholy idol. This view makes the "one true God" a unique idol, and allows all "Christians" to reject any sect of truth without distinguishing between right and wrong. In other words, if Christians study the common ground of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" and have a realm of consciousness of "the five religions as one", they will be criticised and rejected by Christianity for their "rebellious words and actions". (4) Not only Christianity, but also other religions, such as the Jews, are not practising Christianity alone and have become "heirs of the tribe of Judah". (4) Not only Christianity, but also people of other denominations (e.g. Taoism, Buddhism) who are not "faithful" in one denomination and do not become "frogs in a well", but instead learn from other denominations and become "learned and versatile". If they do not become "frogs in a well with one eye," but instead learn from other sects and become "learned and knowledgeable," then they are "rebels who jump from the path and usurp the religion," or "heirs of the tribe of Judas," and such ugly opinions are due to their ignorance" (5) In fact, there are other religions besides Christianity. (5) In fact, apart from Christianity, all the other "Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism" are also the Dharma vessels of the "one true God", only that the "one true God" has changed its name in other sects. Christians do not have the vision and insight of the "five religions", nor do they see the reality of the "one true God" in other religions under a different name. Christians have become an extreme group of people who are not "fraternal" and who go against the teachings of Jesus and the goodness of mankind. (6) Those who do not remain foolishly loyal to one denomination, who have a far-sighted vision, who have the idea of "three religions in one and five in one", are the "lions of the tribe of Judah".
(7) The "lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David" is a Christian with "rebellious words and deeds", and is a metaphor for the rebel and revolutionary who uses the Book of Revelation as a "demon-glass" to overthrow the whole of Christianity. A rebel, a revolutionary. If he had not used the Book of Revelation as a "demon-glass" to overthrow the whole of present Christianity, he would not have been the "Lion of the tribe of Judah", nor the "Root of David". (8) Explaining the Book of Revelation verse by verse, he tells the world that it is the true and unique Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like the shining sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron". "Christianity, the indoctrination of Christ, the indoctrination of Christians into Christ", with which all other indoctrination is the demonic heresy of the devil corrupting Christianity from within it, and advocating the "five religions as one". He who has such an opinion is "the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David".
(9) Instead of becoming "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", he has become "the Lamb of the priest who sings hymns and prayers Instead, he became a "priest's lamb" who "sang hymns and prayers", a foolish pig who "wrestled with God and men and was defeated", and a minion of Satan. (10) He became "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with feet like bright bronze, with a voice like the sound of many waters, with seven stars in his right hand, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with a face like the shining sun, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron", using the Book of Revelation as a "demon-glass "This man is the new Christ who is "victorious" and who alone can "open the scroll and uncover the seven seals" in the person of Christ.

5:5 Jesus, the Lion of Judah, has proved himself worthy to open the scroll and to uncover the seven seals, because he obeyed God, died on the cross for the sins of the world, and rose from the dead, demonstrating his power and authority over evil and death. Christ alone is worthy of our trust in his victory over sin, death, hell and Satan. The Root of David signifies that Jesus is a descendant of David and thus fulfils the promise of the Old Testament Messiah": (1) " Jesus, the Lion of Judah, has proved himself worthy to open the scroll and to uncover the seven seals, because he obeyed God", which is Satan's "ecstasy "Because the book of Revelation speaks of events after Jesus, the "Lion of Judah" here is not Jesus at all, but someone after Jesus. (2) Jesus did not "die on the cross for the sins of the world" at all, but because he rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (3) The "resurrection from the dead" was not physical, but spiritual immortality. (4) The "root of David" does not refer to a person of David's lineage, but to "a revolutionary who is as kingly as David". (5) The "Messiah of the Old Testament" is the Jewish priest, the "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" whom Jesus rebuked.

Revelation 5: Only the Lamb is worthy to open the seven seals (5:6-10)
27-5:6, "5:6 And I saw among the thrones and the four living creatures and the elders a Lamb standing, as if it had been slain, with seven horns and seven eyes, the seven Spirits of God, sent out into all the world": (1) "A Lamb stood" is used (1) "A lamb stands" is a metaphor for Christ who asked little, gave his life and contributed much. The phrase "as if he had been slain" means that he has given his life's work to the promotion of "the edification of Christians to be Christ". The phrase "a lamb standing as if it had been slain" is a metaphor for Christ who gave his whole heart and soul to fulfil his mission of bringing people back to heaven. (2) "There stands a Lamb" is a denomination officially founded in the year of the lunar sheep (2015). It is the "year of the three suns in the year of the B.V.". On 6 August 2015, the "Zhong Tian Dao Printing Office" issued the 16-page, 480-page "Long Hua Zhen Jing", which was the first time that "Zhong Tian Dao" was upgraded to "Zhong Tian Dao". "This is a sign of the elevation of Zhong Tian Dao to Zhong Tian Cao, a sign of the "standing of the lambs" of Zhong Tian Cao. (3) It is not really a "lamb" at all. If you take it for a "lamb", you do not understand why it is repeated seven times before "If you do not understand why you have repeated seven times the phrase "He who has ears, let him hear", you are a "blind man with eyes but no ears", a deaf man without ears. If a "disabled person" like you becomes a "pastor or a godfather", you are a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader", and you are the incarnation of the devil, Satan. (4) Among the artefacts related to the Bible, there are actually images of "sheep with red flowers around their necks", and these are all images of "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders" spreading (7) "There are seven horns".
(7) "There are seven horns and seven eyes" means that through the interpretation of the Book of Revelation, it was discovered that the "seven letters of Jesus to the seven churches" contain "seven treasures and seven gifts that make Christians Christ". "These "seven treasures and seven gifts" have become the "seven horns and seven eyes". The "situation and treasure" in a letter is a "ram's horn" that attacks the present Christianity as a demonic group. The "situation and the treasure" in a letter is a wise eye that sees Satan for what he is. The words "with seven horns and seven eyes" indicate that he is the new Christ (the Great Sage) who has received the "iron rod" (the ram's horn and the golden hoop) and has "eyes like fire" (the golden eyes of fire). (8) Having received the "iron rod" (the ram's horn and the golden hoop) and having "eyes like fire" (the eyes of fire), he has all the "seven spirits of God" and is the new Christ who is the universal Christ. He is the new Christ who is the universal Christ. (9) "sent into all the world", for "all the world" includes not only Christianity but also "Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism", which means that this man (the Lamb) is not only using the Book of Revelation as the "book of the Lord". "This means that this man (the Lamb) is not only the new Christ who uses the Book of Revelation as a "demon-glass" (the seven horns and seven eyes) to subvert the whole of present Christianity, but also a revolutionary in the religious world who "overthrows the old Buddha and replaces him with a new one", a revolutionary who makes He is the "Super Christ, the Super King of the Law", the Confucian Child Buddha, who makes all the religious people of the five religions "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" return to their roots.
27-5:6, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "5:6 Though Christ was a sacrificed lamb, he was not weak; though he was slain, he now lives in the power and might of God": (1) Jesus Christ rebuked the Jewish priests for being (1) Jesus Christ became a "sacrificial lamb" because he rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and was thus brutalized by Judaism, which practised the "Old Testament", and none of today's Today's "Christians" have no sense of avenging Jesus' death, but still pass on the "Old Testament" doctrine of Judaism as "Christian doctrine", because they have all been subjected to the "blind leaders". This is because they have been misled by the "blind guides" and have fallen into the servitude of Satan without knowing it. (2) The fact that no Christian today has the words and actions of Jesus in calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" shows that they are not practising true Christianity, but are Judaizers under the guise of Christianity. (3) Through the "seven letters of Jesus to the seven churches", we see that Christianity teaches that he is "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron". Jesus is not only "not weak", but is also the invincible God of heaven. (4) Look at Christians today, they are all "chanting hymns and prayers", they all look like criminals who confess to "killing Jesus" and confessing to the law, they are all weak shits, they are all demonic images that scandalize and abuse Christianity.

27-5:7, "5:7 The Lamb came and took the scroll from the right hand of the one sitting on the throne": (1) The "Lamb" (Confucianism and Buddhism) is using the idea of "three religions in one, five religions in one, all laws in one, and mother to mother" to open the way for Baiyang. (1) The "Lamb" (Confucius and Child Buddha) was the forerunner of the Baiyang Way with the idea of "the unity of the three religions, the unity of the five religions, the return of all teachings to one family, the recognition of the mother to one root". (2) "The scroll taken from the right hand of the throne", the scroll taken from the right hand of God, is an enlightenment on the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and how to "make Christians into Christ", thus It is a series of books in the Baiyang Da Zang Jing (The Great Collection of Scriptures) that teach how to "make Christians into Christians" and thus bring them back to heaven.
27-5:8, "5:8 When he had taken the scroll, the four living creatures and the twenty-four elders fell down before the Lamb, each with a lyre and a golden censer full of incense; and the incense was the prayer of all the saints": (1) "When he had taken the scroll", it means that he had the mission to write and set up a new age. (1) "He has taken the scroll", which means that he has a mission to write a book and start a new era, and this is "what will be done". (2) "The four living creatures and the twenty-four elders fell down before the Lamb", indicating the power to communicate beyond the "four beings and six paths" and to turn the tides. It is only when one becomes a disciple of the Lamb (Confucianism and Buddhism) that one is granted divine recognition as an Immortal, the beginning of one's formal initiation into spirituality. If you are not a disciple of the Lamb, you do not have a divinely recognised "immortal title", and you become a slave of the "thief as father" demon. (3) Earlier "in and around the throne four living creatures and twenty-four elders fell down before the one sitting on the throne and worshipped the Lord", and here "the four living creatures and the twenty-four elders fell down before the Lamb", indicating that the "Lamb "was empowered by God. The "four living creatures and the twenty-four elders" are a metaphor for the fact that the angels at the highest level are under God's holy command to become subordinate to the Lamb and to provide the external conditions for the "marriage supper of the Lamb".
(4) "Each holding a lyre" does not mean that they are playing grand music, or that they are holding a concert, but that the heavenly saints are actively catering to the "Lamb's" (Confucianism and Buddhism) education in the White Sun and creating an atmosphere for it, not The "lambs" (Confucianism and Buddhism) are actively catering to the White Sun's edification and creating an atmosphere of White Sun edification. "The Lamb is the Dharma King who has been ordered by God to promote the "three religions, the five religions and the White Sun Buddhism". The "right people" from all over the world will come to the King to help the Lamb to implement the Baiyang teachings and raise the spiritual realm of mankind. (5) The "golden furnace" is the "inner breath" of the Lamb. A person who cultivates the Golden Elixir is a "golden furnace". The disciples of the Lamb use the teachings of the Lamb's Baiyang to break the mystery and enlightenment, and all of them have the moral fragrance that saves people's lives, so they are "golden furnaces full of fragrance". (6) How the "golden furnace" was used to cultivate the golden elixir is explained later: "20:3 And he cast it into the bottomless pit, and closed it, and sealed it with a seal, so that it should not confuse the nations any more. When the thousand years are finished, it must be released for a time afterwards".
(7) "This incense" is the moral fragrance of the Lamb's disciples, who use the Lamb's teachings of "the five religions of the family and the White Sun Buddhism of the Mother to return to her roots" to break the enlightenment and save people's wisdom, not at all the "prayers of the saints This is not the prayer of the saints. (8) "Prayer" means to pray to God for blessings; people who believe in a religion make their wishes known to God in silence, praying for protection from misfortune and blessings. This means that "prayer" is the opposite of "the indoctrination of Christians into Christ" and is the magic of the Jewish priesthood. Thus, "this incense is the prayer of the saints" is a deliberate "refrain" in the tone of the Jewish priesthood, in order to create the illusion that you cannot distinguish between "Christianity and Judaism ". If you think it is the same as the "prayer" of the Jewish priests, you become a Jew who has been tested out of Christianity, and you become a devil in the guise of Christianity. (9) "A golden censer full of incense; and this incense is the prayer of all the saints", which is the fullness of the disciples of the "Lamb" (Confucius and Buddha) throughout the world.

27-5:9, "5:9 They sang a new song, saying, "You are worthy to carry the scroll and to open the seven seals. For you were slain, and bought with your own blood men from every tribe and tongue and people and nation, that they might return to God": (1) "They sang a new song" is the new song of Baiyang, the new song of the "unity of the three religions and the five religions" of Baiyang. It is not the old song of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, which do not communicate with each other, are blinded by one leaf, are stubbornly self-contained, and are self-destructive of their "single specialty". (2) "Worthy of holding the scroll, worthy of uncovering the seven seals" because he had the realm of "unity of the three religions and the five religions as one", so it was simple and natural for him to "uncover the seven seals and get the scroll It was because he had the realm of "three religions in one and five religions in one" that he simply and rightfully "uncovered the seven seals and received the scroll" and opened the Baiyang teaching. It was the Mao-like revolutionaries who sang the new song of "three religions in one, five religions in one" and buried the old song of "single speciality" in Hongyang, and it was the Confucian child Buddha who "overthrew the old Buddha and replaced it with a new one". The Lamb. (3) "You were killed" does not mean that a lamb was killed, it means that a holy Buddha (the Buddha of Victory) who was the fruit of Buddha's fruit was slain because he was going to come down to earth to teach people to return to heaven. The free and free divine descended to earth to become a mortal who "eats, drinks, sleeps, grows old, dies", and to reincarnate once to fulfil his mission, all of which is a "slain" karma. (4) "With one's own blood" is not at all the blood of a lamb, but the blood of one's heart that is used to create the Baiyang Tripitaka series of books. "The Baiyang Great Collection of Scriptures, which was created with the blood of the "lamb" (Confucianism and Buddhism), consists of the scriptures of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism. (5) "From every tribe, every people, every nation, and every country, we have bought people and brought them to God".
(5) The phrase "bought from every tribe and every people and every nation, that they might return to God" indicates that there is not just one "Israel", but that apart from "Israel" there are "every tribe and every nation". It means that apart from "Israel" all people of "every tribe, tongue, people and nation" are children of God, and that Christianity is not the only religion of God. All religions of "every tribe, every people, every nation" are God's teachings, as long as they do not worship idols and engage in rituals, and as long as they "make law out of law" and make people "enlightened and holy". God's indoctrination. This means that Christianity's slanderous statement that "all denominations other than Christianity are unholy" is a demonic heresy spoken by the devil, Satan, and is not God's inculturation at all. (6) The fact that they "bought the people" means that they have spent a lot of effort and have been recognized by wise people, who have become disciples of the Middle Heavenly Church who practise the "three religions in one and the five religions in one", Baiyang Buddhism, and have become new Christians with a clear mind, so that they can They have become the new Christ, who has become a clear-headed and spiritual being, so that they can "return to God" and return to the heaven of Wuji. (7) "God" is the source of all things, the mother of the universe, and is called "Wusheng Lao Mu, Ming Ming God, the Buddha of Immeasurable Life" and dozens of other names in China, and "Allah" in Islam. In Islam it is called "Allah". This is the reason why people of all races, peoples and nations are able to "return to God". If people of "every tribe, tongue, people and nation" were like "Christianity", and if they were to make Christianity "unholy" and exclude Christians from the world, there would be no "from every tribe, tongue, people and nation". It would not be possible to have "bought people from every tribe and people and nation to bring them to God".

27-5:10, "5:10 And he made them a nation and priests to God, to reign on the earth": (1) "bought them out of every tribe and people and nation with his own blood, from the scroll that he took from the right hand of the one who sits on the throne" is (1) "He took the scroll from the right hand of the throne and bought them with his own blood from every tribe, every people, every nation, and every country", and "made them a nation", indicating that this is a new nation that has abandoned the "old songs" by "singing new songs". It is a new nation that advocates "three religions in one, five religions in one". The new nation of the Baek-yang religion is a new nation of people who practise the "Lamb" (Confucianism, Buddhism and Buddhism), the "Baek-yang Buddhism of the three religions of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, and the five religions of the family". If they become mere citizens who practise Christianity, this is a devil's indoctrination, for they have disregarded the fact that they have "bought people from every tribe, tribe, tribe, tribe and nation" and are not at all the new nation of the "three religions in one, five religions in one" of the Baiyang religion. (2) The Jewish priests who practised the "Old Testament" were the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" whom Jesus rebuked, so that the "priesthood" here was not at all a practice of the "Old Testament". The "priesthood" here is therefore not at all about becoming a Jewish priest who practices the "Old Testament". The "priesthood" here is not only to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", but also to be the Great Sage with "eyes of fire and a golden rod". "The new nationals of the Baek-Yang era are those who practise the Baek-Yang religion of "three religions in one and five religions in one". (3) It is not just worshipping God that makes one a new citizen of the Baek-yang Se, but only those who are disciples of the Chungcheon religion who practise the "Baek-yang Buddhism" of the "Lamb" (Confucianism) are new citizens of the Baek-yang Se. The new nation of the Baek-yang world is only those who have become disciples of the Middle-tense religion who practise the Buddhism of the Lamb (Confucianism and Buddhism), the Five Religions, and the Christ who has "eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron". He became the "Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron" and the "Great Sage of Qi Tian who has "eyes of fire and a golden rod", or the "Priest of the White Sun". (4) Religious people who have not become disciples of the "Lamb" (Confucius and Buddha) or "Christ and Qi Tian Da Sheng" after 2012 have not only not become "White Sun Priests If they have not become disciples of the "Lamb" (Confucius and Buddha) and have not become "Christ and the Great Sage", not only have they not become "priests of the White Sun", they must have become the remnants of the White Sun, and must have become the incarnation of the devil, Satan, because "if you do not have the right law, you will have the evil one". There is no such thing as being "Christ and the Great Sage of Heaven" and still being able to "live alone". As long as religion does not take you through the boat of law, you will definitely die on the boat of law and be buried in the sea of law. (5) Only when you become "Christ and the Great Sage of Heaven" and a "priest of the White Sun" can you "return to God", otherwise, you can only "return to the evil god Satan". Otherwise, it can only be "returned to the evil god Satan". (6) The "king of kings" is a Dharma king who is well versed in the "five religions of the family and the Baiyang Buddhism of the mother to the root". To be the Dharma King who is responsible for the propagation of the "five religions and the White Sun Buddhism" on earth is to be "in charge of the kingship on earth". If you do not become a priest of the White Sun, you will not be able to "reign on earth" because after 2012, it will be the "lambs" (Confucius and Buddha) who will dominate the White Sun.
"Watchman Nee: Does this mean that all believers will be kings and priests? Yes, one could say so. Our salvation is by the Lord's death, and the formality of salvation depends on man's faith; in the same way, it is the blood of the Lord that makes us priests and kings before God, but whether we are true priests and kings in the kingdom today and in the future depends on our faithfulness to his works": (1) Not "Christianity" at all "(1) It is not at all "Christianity" where all believers are kings and priests, but "the Lamb" (Confucianism, Confucianism, Buddhism) where all believers are kings and priests. The "Lamb" (Confucian Buddhism) preached the "Baiyang Buddhism". Because the followers of the Lamb are all versed in the five religions, they are all kings of the law who "reign on earth". (2) Our salvation is not based on the Lord's death at all, but on the Baiyang teaching of the "Lamb" (Confucius and Buddha). If you are still a "frog in a well" in Christianity, it means that "the Lord's death has not saved you", because you are a Jew under the guise of Christianity and a servant of Satan. (3) The formality of salvation is to abandon Christianity, to care about faith, and to practise the Baiyang indoctrination of the "Lamb" (Confucianism, Childhood and Buddhism). If you are still a fool in Christianity and do not practise the White Sun teaching, you do not have the "formalities of salvation". (4) Because the "Lamb" replaced Jesus, it is not the blood of the Lord that makes us priests and kings before God, but the practice of the "Lamb's" (Confucianism and Buddhism) Baiyang indoctrination. (5) If you are still a fool in Christianity today, if you have not practised the Baisang teaching of the Lamb (Confucianism) in this life, you cannot be a priest and a king in the kingdom of the Baisang world in truth, but are only a remnant of the tortured spirit in hell. (6) If you are a Christian and have not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", you have not acted faithfully in Jesus, and you are a legal slave who confesses to be a thief, because you have taken "Christian indoctrination" for "Christian indoctrination". You are a legal slave who confesses that you are a thief and a father because you have taken "Christian indoctrination" for "Christ's indoctrination" without knowing it.

Revelation 5 Praise God and the Lamb (5:11-14)
27-5:11, "5:11 And I saw and heard the voices of many angels around the throne and the living creatures and the elders; and they were numbered in thousands": (1) "The voices of many angels" are angels coming down to earth to receive (1) "There are many voices of angels" is the vow of the angels to come down to earth to be taught by the "Lamb" of the White Sun and to build the White Sun world. The "angels" here are the Buddhist self-nature, the spirit, the dharma body that each person has, which in Christianity is called "Gog". Each of us is an "angel" who has descended to earth, a messenger who has come to "fulfil the destiny" of heaven. (2) Today's mobile phones and computers are the "heavenly eyes and ears" of the angels, and cars and aeroplanes are the "flying skills" of the angels. "If you do not have such a realm of consciousness, you are a "frog in a well", and you will not accept the "Lamb's" Baiyang teachings. (3) The people who receive the White Sun of the Lamb are not from one country, but from "every tribe, every nation, every people, every country", and they number in the millions. The "angels" from "every tribe, every people, every nation", in their millions, will meet the "Lamb" by chance and receive the "Lamb They will be transformed by the "Lamb" into the Baiyang nationals of the Baiyang world, who have the "Five Religions". This is the "sure thing", the unstoppable destiny of the heavens.
27-5:12, "5:12 Saying with a loud voice: Worthy is the Lamb that was slain of power, riches, wisdom, might, honour, glory and praise!" (1) The "Lamb that was slain" (the Lord of the White Sun) is the messenger of the White Sun who "bought with his own blood men from every tribe, tongue, people and nation to bring them to God". He is the forerunner of the White Suns who used the "White Suns" series of books to teach the essence of the five religions, the "White Suns", to bring the "angels" of the "tribes, peoples and nations" back to heaven (Confucius and Buddha). (2) If one is only a fool in Christianity, not only does one not have the fraternal love of the five religions, but one is also "arrogant" and slanders other religions as "unholy", and one cannot "buy people from every tribe, every people, every nation with one's own blood". He is not "the Lamb that was slain", nor can he "receive power, riches, wisdom, might, honor, glory, and praise".

27-5:13, "5:13 And I heard all creatures in heaven and on earth and under the earth and in the seas and in the heavens and in the earth saying, "Praise and honour and glory and power be to him who sits on the throne and to the Lamb forever and ever!" (1) "Praise and honour and glory and power be to Him who sits on the throne" (the Infinite Mother), for she is the mother of "all creation in heaven and on earth and under the earth and in the seas and in the heavens and in the earth", the mother who gave birth to the universe. (2) The Lamb is the founder of a new phase of human "Baisangisation" after the "end of the world" (21 December 2012). He is the revolutionary who pushed for the Reformation and the spiritual uplifting of mankind into the "Commonwealth of Nations", and was the first person to create the Bais Yang world with the idea of "the unity of the three religions and the unity of the five religions".
27-5:14, "5:14 Then the four living creatures said, "Amen! And all the elders fell down and worshipped": All the living creatures of the four living creatures said, "Testify to the integrity and truthfulness of Christ, who is the Head over all creation. The elders also bow down in worship to the Mother of the Living God and to the First Man who started the White Sun.

27-5: The Lamb and the origin of the "three suns"
1、The Journey to the West, 91st episode: The Tang monk in Xuan Ying Cave made a confession: The Tang monk said: "My disciples were originally people who thought of Buddha and worshipped Buddha, and now that we are in a good time, there are Buddhas coming, so it is good to worship them. The monks did not return the invitation. In a short while, three Buddha bodies appeared in the wind, coming near the lamp. The Tang monk was so frightened that he ran up to the top of the bridge and fell down to worship. The monk hurriedly pulled himself up and said, "Master, they are not good people, they must be demons. When he saw that the light was dim, he picked up the Tang monk with a shout and drove away in the wind. The Great Sage was looking for the path on the cliff when he saw four men, driving three sheep, coming down from the western slope, shouting "Kai Tai". The Great Sage looked at them carefully and recognised that they were the four messengers of the Year, the Month, the Day and the Hour, who had come in the form of hidden images. He jumped off the cliff and shouted: "Where are you hiding your heads and necks? "Seeing that he had told them that the wind was blowing, they had to scatter the three goats and show their true colours. The Master said, "I have never used you all, but you have been so lax that you have not even come to see me! What did you say? Where are you all going, instead of protecting my master in secret? Kung Tso said, "Your master has been so lenient in his meditation that he has been captured by a demon because he has been so lustful at Ciyun Temple in Jinping Prefecture. We know that the Great Sage has been searching for him all night, and we are afraid that he may not know the mountains and forests, so we have come to report to him. The practitioner said, "If you are reporting this, why are you hiding your name and driving three sheep around? Kung Tso said, "I have set up these three sheep to answer the words of "Kai Tai", which means "three suns to open up the Tai", so as to break your master's blockage.
[Illustration: (Buddhist student) The Tang monk, a mortal with fleshly eyes, fell down and worshipped the "Buddha's body" when he saw it, and staged the farce of "seeing me with colour and seeking me with sound, which is an evil way for people to do". "He was immediately caught by the demon who had become the Buddha and taken to the devil's cave as a slave. The "three yang kaitai" is what happened at a particular time when the divine guided Qi Tian Da Sheng to rescue the Tang Monk in the demon cave and redirect him to the right path in the Western Paradise].

2. The allusion to the "three suns" was made known to the world with the "Journey to the West". There are various versions of the world's interpretation, but in fact it means: three periods of Baiyang Shi, opening the Taoist (Zhongtianism) Dharma luck on Mount Tai. To open the Taoist (Zhongtian) Dharma movement on Mount Tai means to free the many Tang monks (Buddhist students) who had been swept away by demons into the demon cave, because the Zhongtian religion is the new Dharma discipline that Dou Bei Bei Buddha was ordered to start, so it could free the Tang monks (Buddhist students) from the demon cave and lead them to the right path in the West again. If you want to study Buddhism in heaven, but are not guided and protected by the Great Sage, you must have become a slave of the Dharma in the demon cave because you have recognized the thief as your father. You will pass on the magic that makes people "turn their minds outward and lose their own nature" as "the true Dharma of clarity" (Buddhism). You will pass on falsehoods and mislead others, committing the cardinal sin of slandering the Buddha and destroying the Dharma, and harming the lives of others without knowing it. "You will not become the Great Sage of Qi Tian who has the "golden eyes of fire and the golden hoop of the Buddha" and who can subdue demons like a child's play. The evil one"]. "The year, month, day and hour are the four values of the messenger of merit: the sheep is in the twelve earthly branches, the year 2015 is the year of Yi Wei, the month of the sheep is the sixth month of the lunar calendar, the fifteenth day is Ding Wei Day (30 July), 13:00 to 15:00 is the untimely hour.
4. 3 July 2015: the book covers are being printed, the contents have been printed and will be bound soon. 16vo, 480 pages of the Long Hua Zhen Jing, was pulled from the printing house to the home of Zhongtian disciple Feng Xinhua in Guanxian County, west of Liaocheng, three days before the Jade Emperor's birthday (5 August 2015). (6th August 2015) 56 copies of the Longhua Sutra were distributed in Guangmingqiao, Handan. 210 copies of the Longhua Sutra were sent to the temple fair in Daiwang Village, Mao Yanbao Township, Feixiang County, Handan on 8th August, and the logistics were sent to the Xiangjiang Grand Market in Liaocheng on 8th August: 486 copies (32 copies in a pack). Shandong Binzhou Yan Yufeng 1 packet, Shandong Taishan Qi Wenkui 10 packets. Heilongjiang Binxian Liu Minhua 1 packet, Huachuan Taishan Fa Jun 1 packet, Kunming Taishan Fa Yang 1 packet, Zhangqiu Zhao Bo 1 packet, Henan Taizian Liu Yujuan 6 books. Because the 8th of August is the birthday of the Jade Emperor (24th of June), it is in fact the legendary "day of the three suns". The Creator of the Wuji Palace has appointed this day as the day when the "Middle Heavenly Way" will be elevated to the "Middle Heavenly Church". This day will be the second grand festival after the March 3rd Peach Festival.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 2017-5-25 21:15:57 Edited 8 June Edited 20 July Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei Province






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









