The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 39 "Joseph" became "Jail"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The Old Testament, Chapter 1, Genesis 39: "Joseph" became "Jail"
(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto any of the host of the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. These are acts that the LORD has expressly forbidden, acts that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be done".
Genesis 39 Joseph's reappointment (39:1-6)
39:1 Joseph was taken down to Egypt. And one of the Egyptians, Potiphar the captain of the guard, who was Pharaoh's chamberlain, bought him from the Ishmaelites who had brought him down.
2. "39:2 And Joseph dwelt in the house of his master the Egyptian, and the LORD was with him, and all things went well with him." (1) "Joseph" grew up to be a righteous man, full of righteousness and goodness, and that is "the LORD was with him". (2) Only by being a righteous person can "all things go well". (3) Joseph's brothers are the image of the devil, who is "Satan and the devil with them".
3. "39:3 His master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all things go well in his hand": (1) There are many "word games" here, do you see them? (2) The owner of "Joseph" did not believe in "Jehovah" and could not have "seen Jehovah with him", therefore, "saw that Jehovah was with him" means that "Joseph" did not believe in "Jehovah" and could not have "seen that Jehovah was with him". Therefore, "seeing the Lord with him" means that "Joseph" was a good and honest man who could be trusted. (3) It is not at all true that "the LORD made everything go well in his hands", but that "Joseph" was a good and honest man who could be trusted, so he did everything well.
39:4 And Joseph was gracious in the sight of his master, and served him, and he put him in charge of the house, and put all things into his hand.
5. "39:5 And the LORD blessed the house of the Egyptian for Joseph's sake, since his master had sent him to manage the house and all that he had; and the LORD blessed all that was in the house and all that was in the field." (1) To say that all "blessings" are given by "the LORD" is a deliberate attempt by the LORD to lead you into a delusion about "the LORD's blessings", so that "This is a deliberate attempt by Yahweh to lead you into delusions of Yahweh's blessings, so that Yahweh will be stamped on your heart and become an indelible "idol", so that your mind will be filled with "Yahweh" and you will become a servant of "Yahweh". This is the opposite of what the LORD wants us to be in order to become Christ. (2) Remember: the LORD wants us to be Christ like Jesus, not to be a servant of the LORD. It is not "Jehovah" who wants us to be His minions, but Satan the devil, "the priests of Judaism, the prophets of Jehovah". (3) Potiphar, the chief guard, found "Joseph" to be a good and honest man who could be trusted to manage the household and to reduce unnecessary internal conflict, improve efficiency and increase accumulation, which is how "the LORD blessed the Egyptian's house for Joseph's sake". (4) Because Joseph, the steward, was a good and upright man who did not deceive his master for his own personal gain, "the LORD blessed all that was in the house and in the field".
6. "39:6 Potiphar put everything into Joseph's hands, and knew nothing except the food he ate. Joseph turned out to be beautiful and handsome." (1) For Potiphar knew that "Joseph" was a good and honest man, and that even if "Joseph" were to seek personal gain for himself, he would have no place to store it, for he was a foreigner with no relatives. This is the reason why Potiphar trusted Joseph. (2) "Joseph turned out to be elegant and handsome", which facilitated his being beset by demons. (3) When a man has a handsome face or a talent, he will be besieged by the demons and will be pursued by women. Women are also in the same situation.
The True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 39 The Mother of God falsely accused Joseph (39:7-18)
39:7 And after this, Joseph's master's wife sent love to Joseph with her eyes, saying, "Sleep with me!"
39:8 And Joseph did not obey, but said to his master's wife, "Behold! All the house is unknown to my master, and he has put all into my hand.
9. "39:9 There is no one greater than I in this house, and he has left nothing that was not given to me, but you, because you are his wife. How can I do this great evil and sin against God?" (1) For a servant to commit adultery with his master's wife is a "great evil" against God. (2) For a man, committing adultery with a married woman is a "great evil" against God and "commits the sin of adultery". For a woman to commit adultery with a married man is also a "great evil" that offends God and is a "sin of evil".
39:10 Then she spoke to Joseph every day, but he did not listen to her, nor did he sleep with her, nor was he in the same place with her.
39:11 One day Joseph went into the house to do his business, and no one in the house was in that house
12. "39:12 Then the woman took him by the garment and said, "Sleep with me! And Joseph threw his garment into the woman's hand and ran outside." (1) "And the woman took him by the garment and said, "Sleep with me." Faced with such a lecherous demon, "Joseph" was disgusted. So "Joseph threw his clothes into the woman's hands and ran outside", so that the filth of the lustful demon did not reach Joseph at all. (2) Joseph would not have thrown his garment into the woman's hand if she had not taken it and said, "Sleep with me, and do not soil his garment. (3) Joseph threw the garment that the lustful man had soiled into the woman's hand, a humiliation of the lustful man by the righteous. (4) "Sleep with me" is only one of the means of the lustful demon, there are many other means; for example, the lustful demon will take the initiative to undress and show his flesh, etc. (4) If you do not have the strength to overcome your selfish desires and have sex with the demon, you will become a prisoner of the demon, and you will lose your reputation, because "Heaven does not hide adultery", and the Lord will not allow a man and a woman who have had sex to remain unknown. Whenever a man or woman has sexual relations, they will be found out, and that is how "heaven does not hide adultery".
39:13 The woman saw Joseph throw his garment into her hand and run out.
14. "39:14 Then she called the men of the house and said to them, "Look! He has brought a Hebrew man into our house to tease us. He came to me and wanted to sleep with me, and I cried out with a loud voice." (1) The woman, who had lost her humanity and become a lustful demon, was so stunned by the calmness and strength of "Joseph" that she felt so humiliated that she began to accuse "Joseph" falsely. (2) The woman who had become a lustful demon was so frustrated and humiliated that she said, "He wants to tease us. He came to me to sleep with me", a common lie of the devil.
39:15 When he heard me cry out, he left his garment with me and ran away."
39:16 The woman left Joseph's garments with herself, waiting for his master to come home
39:17 and said to him thus and so, "The Hebrew servant whom you have brought to us has come in to tease me
18. "39:18 And I let out a cry, and he left his garment with me and ran out." (1) "Joseph's master's wife", seeing that "Joseph" was determined not to sleep with her, became enraged and falsely accused "Joseph" of being a thief. (2) Joseph threw his garment into the woman's hand deliberately because the lecher's dirty hands had soiled his garment, and Joseph's action had caused the lecher great humiliation. (3) The garment soiled by the filthy hands of the adulteress became evidence of the guilt of the false accusation against Joseph.
Genesis 39: "Joseph" became "the jailer" (39:19-23)
19. "39:19 And Joseph's master was angry when he heard what his wife said to him, "Your servant has done this to me": (1) "Your servant has done this to me ", this was the lustful woman complaining against her husband because she had been greatly humiliated. (2) The fact that she did not praise her husband for finding a true man shows that she was possessed by the devil, showing that she had lost her humanity and had completely metamorphosed into a devil in human skin. (3) Joseph's master, did not question Joseph, so "he became angry". (4) How could Joseph's master not be angry with the woman, who did not tell Potiphar alone about such an obscene scandal, but let the whole family know about it?
20. "39:20 Put Joseph in prison, where the king's prisoners were imprisoned. So Joseph sat there in prison." : (1) "Put Joseph down in, the place where the king's prisoners were imprisoned" because Potiphar was the chief of Pharaoh's inner guard and the most convenient place for Potiphar. (2) "Potiphar was extremely lenient in imprisoning Joseph with political prisoners", such statements are all made by Judaizers, by Satan under the guise of Christianity. (3) "Potiphar's magnanimity undoubtedly reflected his trust in Joseph's integrity, while he disregarded his wife's account", all these statements are made by Judaizers, and Satan is spreading "ecstasy".
39:21 But the LORD was with Joseph, and showed him favour, and gave him favour in the sight of the Jews.
22. "39:22 Then the jailer put all the prisoners in the prison under Joseph's hand, and all the things they did there were done by his hand." (1) It is clear that the "Jailer", who was close to "Joseph", knew the truth about the events of "Joseph" and that this was the reason for "giving him grace in the sight of the Jailer "(1) The reason for this. (2) The "superintendent", who knew the truth about the incident of "Joseph", out of respect for "Joseph", "put all the prisoners in the prison under Joseph" became the "jailer" out of respect for "Joseph", "so he put all the prisoners in the prison under Joseph's hand, and everything they did there was done by his hand".
23. "39:23 And all the things that were done under Joseph's hand were not observed by the jailer, for the LORD was with Joseph, and the LORD made all that he did go well." (1) "And all the things that were done under Joseph were not overlooked by the governor", which means that "Joseph" became "the governor". (2) The LORD is the embodiment of a good man who is upright and good and can be trusted. "The fact that "the Lord was with Joseph" shows that Joseph was a good and honest man who could be trusted. (3) Satan is the opposite of Jehovah, the embodiment of a mean, cruel, selfish, self-serving, self-serving, wrong-doing, life-wrecking, thieving, adulterous, lying, drinking, and drug-using evil person.
(1) All "blessings" are said to be given by the LORD. This is the LORD's way of leading you into delusions about the "blessings of the LORD" so that "This is a deliberate attempt by Yahweh to lead you into delusions of Yahweh's blessings, so that Yahweh will be stamped on your heart and become an indelible "idol", so that your mind will be filled with "Yahweh" and you will become a servant of "Yahweh". This is the opposite of what the LORD wants us to be in order to become Christ. (2) Remember: the LORD wants us to be Christ like Jesus, not to be a servant of the LORD. It is not "Yahweh" who wants us to be minions of "Yahweh", it is Satan the devil, "the priests of Judaism, the prophets of Yahweh"].
Posted by Li Huaiju on 10 Sep 2017 10:41am 10 Sep 19:30 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article