The Bible Old Testament Book 10 2 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 2 David is anointed King of Judah
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1)(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".

(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.

(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.

(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.

Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.

2:1 After this, David asked the LORD, "Is it okay for me to go up to one of the cities of Judah?" The LORD said, "Yes." David said, "Which city shall I go up to?" And the LORD said, "Go up to Hebron."

2:2 So David went up there, with his two wives, Ahinoam the Jezreelite and Abigail, who had been the wife of Nabal the Carmelite.

2:3 David also brought up the men who were following him, with their families, and dwelt in the cities of Hebron.

2:4 The men of Judah came to Hebron, and there anointed David king over the house of Judah. It was told to David, "It was the Gileadites who buried Saul."

2:5 So David sent to the Gileadites and said to them, "Treat your lord Saul well, and bury him. May the LORD bless you.

2:6 As you have done this, may the LORD treat you with kindness and honesty, and I will treat you generously for it.

2:7 Now your lord Saul is dead, and the house of Judah has anointed me to be their king; so be strong and courageous."

2:8 Now Bethel, the son of Ner, Saul's marshal, had brought Ishbosheth, Saul's son, across the river to Mahanaim.

2:9 and set him up as king over Gilead, Ashuriah, Jezreel, Ephraim, Benjamin, and all Israel.

2:10 And Ishbosheth the son of Saul was forty years old when he came to the throne, and he reigned two years over Israel; but the house of Judah came to David.

2:11 And David reigned over the house of Judah in Hebron seven years and six months.

2:12 And the servants of Bethel the son of Ner, and of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, came out of Mahanaim, and went to Gibeon.

2:13 Joab son of Zeruiah and David's servants also came out and met them by the pool of Gibeon. One sat on this side of the pool, and the other on the other side.

2:14 Then Daniel said to Joab, "Let the young men rise up and play before us!" Joab said, "Yes."

2:15 Then they rose up according to the number set: the Benjamites, who belonged to Ishbosheth son of Saul, went over twelve, and the servants of David went over twelve.

2:16 And they took each other by the head, and stabbed each other in the ribs with the sword, and fell down together. So the land was called Hillel Hazurim, and it was in Gibeon.

2:17 And the battle of that day was fierce, and the defeat of Daniel and the Israelites was before the servants of David.

2:18 And there were there three sons of Zeruiah: Joab, Abishai, and Asahel. Asahel was as quick as a wild deer in his feet.

2:19 And Asahel pursued after Joab, and pursued him without turning aside.

2:20 And Daniel turned back and said, "Are you Asahel?" The reply was, "Yes."

2:21 And Daniel said to him, "Turn either to the left or to the right, and take hold of a young man and strip him of his battle clothes." But Asahel refused to turn away from pursuing him.

2:22 Then Daniel said to Asahel, "Turn away from pursuing me! Why should I kill you? If I kill you, what face will I have for your brother Joab?"

2:23 Asahel still wouldn't turn away, so Daniel stabbed him in the belly with his spear, even as it came out of his back. And there Asahel fell down and died. When all the people arrived at the place where Asahel had fallen down and died, they all stood still.

2:24 And Joab and Abishai pursued after Daniel, and at sunset they came by the way of the wilderness through Gibeon, opposite Mount Amramah.

2:25 And the Benjamites gathered and stood after him on the top of a hill.

2:26 And Daniel called to Joab, saying, "Shall the sword kill forever? Do you not know that there will be suffering for a long time? When will you tell the people to go back and not pursue their brothers?"

2:27 Joab said, "I swear by the living God that if you do not speak the word of the juggler, this morning the people will go back and not pursue their brethren."

2:28 So Joab blew the trumpet, and the people stood still, and ceased to pursue the Israelites, and ceased to fight.

2:29 And Joab and those who followed him passed through Arrabah all night, and crossed the Jordan and went through Bil'in, and came to Mahanaim.

2:30 And Joab returned from pursuing after Daniel, and gathered the people together, and saw that nineteen men and Asahel were missing from among David's servants.

2:31 But David's servants had killed the Benjamites and those who were following B'neiel, three hundred and sixty in all.

2:32 And the people sent Asahel to Bethlehem and buried him in his father's tomb. Joab and those who followed him walked all night, and came to Hebron at daybreak.

2 Samuel 2 David is anointed king of Judah (2:1-7)

10-2:1, (1) "2:1 And David asked the LORD, saying, Is it possible for me to go up to one of the cities of Judah? And the LORD said, It is possible. And David said, What city shall I go up to? And the LORD said, Go up to Hebron" and asked, Is that so? (2) Can David speak to the LORD at any time from space? Answer: (1) "David" could not speak to "Yahweh" at any time. This is a claim that has been added by later generations in the light of history. (2) In order to deify "Jehovah and David", the author of this article lied and committed a mortal sin by inducing future generations to lie under the guise of "Jehovah" as well. This is how the devilish priests of all ages have kidnapped kings and made them instruments for the promotion of Jewish doctrine.

10-9, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] (1) "2:1 When Saul's death seemed to be the right time for him to reign, he still asked God if he should return to the land of Judah", Q. Is this true? "Even though at times the situation seemed obvious, before taking action, he still asked God, who alone knew when the most appropriate time was", Q: Is that so? (2) "2:1 God commanded David to return to Hebron, where the people of Judah would soon anoint him king. He made Hebron his capital", Q: Is this so? Answer: (1) The texts were written by the "priests", and the "spiritual interpretation" was done by the "priests" descendants, the "priests and ministers". (1) The texts were written by the "priests" and the "spiritual explanations" were given by the "priests" and their descendants, the "priests" and "priests". (2) "David" was not a "priest" and could not "still ask God whether he should return to the land of Judah". Only the "priests" would have done so, for the "priests" were instruments of possession by the "gods" (demons). (3) The wise "David" was not a demon-possessed "priest" and could not have "asked God even though the situation seemed obvious at times". (4) It was the suggestion and the fact that "David returned to Hebron", not that "God commanded David to return to Hebron". (5) When a lie is told in the name of "God", no one questions it, and so the "priests" are full of lies.

10-10. (1) "2:3 David also brought up his followers and their families to dwell in the cities of Hebron. 2:4 The men of Judah came to Hebron and anointed David king over the house of Judah there", Q. Is this true? (2) "2:5 Treat your Lord Saul well, and bury him. 2:6 As you have done this, may the LORD be merciful and honest to you, and I will be merciful to you for it. 2:7 Now your lord Saul is dead, and the house of Judah has anointed me to be their king, so be strong and courageous." Q: Is this "David" vs. Is this what "David" said to the "Gileadites"? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-11. (1) "2:8 And it came to pass, when Bethel the son of Ner, the marshal of Saul, had brought Ishbosheth the son of Saul across the river to Mahanaim, 2:9 that he made him king over Gilgal, Ashuriah, Jezreel, Ephraim, Benjamin, and all Israel," Q: Is that right? (2) "2:10 And Ishbosheth the son of Saul was forty years old when he came to the throne, and he reigned over Israel two years; but the house of Judah came to David. 2:11 And David reigned over the house of Judah in Hebron seven years and six months", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-12, (1) "2:13 Joab son of Zeruiah and David's servants also came out and met them by the pool of Gibeon. One class sat on this side of the pool and the other on the other side", Q: Is that so? (2) "2:15 Twelve of the Benjamites who belonged to Ishbosheth son of Saul went over, and twelve of David's servants went over. They took each other by the head and stabbed each other in the ribs, and fell down together", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes.

10-13. (1) "2:17 And the battle of that day was fierce, and Daniel and the children of Israel were defeated before the servants of David", Q: Is that so? (2) "2:19 And Asahel pursued after Beniur, and pursued him without turning aside", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-14. (1) "2:21 And Zaniel said to him, Turn either to the left or to the right, and take a young man and strip him of his battle clothes", Q: Is that so? (2) "2:22 And Zaniel said to Asahel, Turn away from pursuing me! Why should I kill you? If I kill you, what face will I have to meet your brother Joab?" and asked, "Is that so? (3) "2:23 But Asahel would not turn away, so Daniel thrust his spear into his belly, even through the back. And there Asahel fell down and died. And when all the people came to the place where Asahel had fallen down and died, they all stood still" and asked, "Is that so? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.

10-15, (1) "2:26 And Daniel called to Joab, saying, Shall the sword kill forever? Do you not know that there will be suffering for a long time? When will you call the people back, and not pursue their brethren?" , Q: Is that so? (2) "2:27 And Joab said, I swear by the living God, if you do not speak the words of the juggler, this morning the people will return and not pursue their brethren", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.

10-16. (1) "2:30 And Joab returned from chasing after Daniel, and gathered the people, and saw that nineteen men and Asahel were missing from among David's servants. 2:31 But David's servants had killed the Benjamites and those who were following Daniel, three hundred and sixty in all", Q: Is that so? (2) "2:32 And the people brought Asahel to Bethlehem and buried him in his father's tomb. Joab and those who followed him walked all night, and came to Hebron at daybreak", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) Not "three hundred and sixty", but fifty-nine. (2) Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 5 November Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei







