The 27th Psalm of the New Testament, "The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation" (Chapter 3), says to "those who have ears" I
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 3 Send a letter to Sardis (3:1-2)
27-3:1, "3:1 Write to the angel of the church in Sardis, saying, He who has the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars, saying, I know your works, that you are alive by name, but you are dead": (1) The original meaning of "Sardis" is "restoration". The "Church of Sardis" is the fifth question, the fifth situation to be addressed, concerning the restoration and revival of "the seven spirits of God and the seven stars" (the core Christian doctrine revealed in the Book of Revelation); it does not refer exclusively to Martin Luther's (1483-1546) It also refers to the various new denominations that have been created under the guise of "restoring and reviving God's teaching"; in fact, it is the devil who is corrupting Christianity by "keeping up with the times and changing things". (2) The "messengers of the Church of Sardis" are a group of demons who are discontented with the old, and who, under the guise of true preaching, are new and attractive, but are in fact new denominations that do not "make Christians Christ".
(3) "The seven spirits of God and the seven stars" are metaphorical terms, not to "read words without thinking", but to describe the power of the Lord over the universe and the great wisdom to see through the falsehoods of the world and to break through confusion to enlightenment. (4) The "seven spirits of God" are everywhere, and the Taoist "seven prana" are the seven orifices that supply air to the lungs, the "two eyes, two ears, two nostrils and the mouth" that connect the throat to the windpipe. "Without these "seven" orifices, the lungs cannot function properly. When the seven vapours are not in balance, the seven emotions (joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire) are manifested. The "seven orifices" are the "seven spirits of God" manifesting their functions, and if there is an obstacle in one orifice, there is a malfunction in the spiritual communication. If a Buddhist, a monk or a Christian does not have the "seven emotions and six desires", he or she will have "eliminated the prana", and will not be afraid of life and death. The "seven spirits of God" become the "seven stars", and the "two-edged sword and iron sceptre" of Jesus become the "Christ with eyes like a flame". The "Seven Spirits of God" became the "Seven Stars". (5) "According to the name you are alive, but in fact you are dead", because those who have a name are all false appearances and idols with four stages of "becoming, living, evolving and emptying" (birth, old age, sickness and death); the Word (the One True God) is all sentient beings, and the Word (the One True God) is invisible and nameless. The formless and impermanent reality that does not arise and does not die.
(6) Although the "Protestant" Christian religions, such as the "Reformed Church", are rebelling against the dictatorship of the Catholic Church, it seems that the "servants of God" are restoring and reviving the "seven spirits and seven stars of God" (the Seven Spirits and Seven Stars). (6) Although the "Protestant" Christians, such as the "Reformed" Christians, appear to be "servants of God" in reviving and restoring the "seven spirits and seven stars of God" (you are alive according to the name), because they are not advanced enough, and because they are not able to carry out the law, they are unable to reveal the true "seven spirits and seven stars of God". They do not understand the true meaning of the Book of Revelation, nor do they understand the doctrine of "making Christians into Christ", so they are in fact a division of the "Devil's Satanic Group", that is, the "Devil's Satanic Group". "The "Satanic group of demons" is actually a division of the "Satanic group of demons".
27-3:1, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The problem of the church in Sardis was not heresy, but spiritual death. Although Sardis had a vibrant reputation, internally it was full of sin. They were a church of gold but not of substance. The Holy Spirit has nothing to say to them": (1) This is an insult to the revival of true Christianity by "Satan the devil". (2) "Spiritual death" is manifested in the failure to be "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth"; in the failure to expose "the hypocritical scribes and the blind guides"; and in the failure to know "beyond Genesis". Not knowing that the "Old Testament outside of Genesis" is a Jewish doctrine that Jesus opposed; not knowing which of the "New Testament" lies were added by the Church; not understanding the meaning of the "Revelation".

27-3:2, "3:2 Be on your guard! Strengthen those who are left and will fail, for I have seen that none of your works is perfect before my God": (1) "Those who are left and will fail" is "those who are left and will fail". (1) "That which is left will fail" is one of the many references in the Book of Revelation to the realm of Christ, which Christians largely ignore and therefore need to be "alert! The need to be "alert! Unfortunately, most people do not know what is "that which is left to be decayed" because they do not have time to think about it, because they are busy with "singing hymns and prayers" and other red tape, because they have "eyes but no ears and no mind" and blindly follow it. (2) "Because I see, I do not know. (2) "For I have seen that your conduct" does not show "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in your right hand, a two-edged sword in your mouth, a face like the light of a blazing sun, a Christ who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". "So you are "not perfect before my God", "more orthodox", etc. All your so-called "Protestantism" is not out of the shadow of Catholicism. All your so-called "Protestantism" has not come out of the shadow of Catholicism, but you are just a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader" of the New Age.

Revelation 3: When recalling what you have heard and received (3:3-6)
27-3:3, "3:3 Therefore recall how you received and how you heard, and keep and repent. If you do not watch out, I will come to you as a thief. When I come, you will never know": (1) "Recall how you received" the true meaning of the book of Revelation, and if you do not have "the state of Christ" to show that you are "overcomers If you do not have the "realm of Christ" to show that you are "victorious", you are not "hearing", you have not received divine teaching, you are deaf with "no ears but eyes", you are a "scribe who clings to the surface of words and does not understand the meaning". You are a scribe who pretends to be a good man and a blind leader". (2) If you do not know that all the writings except Genesis and Revelation were compiled by the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", you have not received the "iron rod of the one true God You have not received the "iron rod of the one true God" because you have "no ears" to hear the holy meaning beneath the words, you only see the literal meaning. (3) If you have not received the "iron rod of the One True God", if you have "no ears" to hear the holy meaning beneath the letter, you cannot keep the "iron rod" and you cannot make Christians into Christians. In order to cover up your ignorance and hypocrisy, you can only pretend to keep the "literal meaning" and actually lead Christians to become Judaizers, so keep your promises to the Lord and repent. (4) In fact, no "priest or pastor" can be alerted until the "Last Judgement" comes today (18 April 2017), because the "seminaries "They are not allowed to be alerted in the slightest, because all Christian churches are various "satanic groups of demons". (4) "I will come to you as a thief. You will never know when I am coming," shows that Christ is the same as a radio signal or a sunbeam; the true law shines without a trace in the sun and moon. (5) It is the same situation when "Satan the Devil" comes to you, except that you will have a fearful and gloomy feeling, because "Satan the Devil" is a purely negative evil, and approaching a person is like a person walking into an invisible "cold room "It will consume one's "essence" (yang energy) to balance with it. They are "parasites" that suck the "essence" of the human being to keep themselves alive, and are known in Chinese medicine as They are "parasites" that feed on the "essence" of man to keep themselves alive, called "disease evil" in Chinese medicine and "viruses" in Western medicine. (6) After his attainment, Christ had the power to "kill viruses with antibiotics". Christ, after his attainment, did not negotiate or negotiate with demons and monsters, because it was easy to kill them. He did not have the power to subdue demons, he did not talk about "killing the virus with antibiotics", but he mercifully compromised with "unclean spirits and demons", who are the spokesmen of "Satan the Devil".
27-3:3, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "Jesus strongly urged the church in Sardis to hold on to the truths they had heard at the time of their conversion and to return to the foundations of their faith. It is very important to keep increasing in the knowledge of the Lord, but never to abandon the basic truths about Jesus, who is always the Son of God and whose sacrifice for our sins is eternal and unchanging, and no new revelation from God will ever conflict with these biblical teachings": (1) If you look at my explanation, and then look at the explanation here, you will see that such words are (1) If you look at my explanation, and then look at the explanation here, you will see that such words are the "ecstasy" of "Satan the Devil". When we deal with Satan the Devil on a regular basis, we find that Satan the Devil has only one theme, and that is to try to confuse right and wrong, to turn people away from the truth, and to pass off his demonic heresies as "Christ's indoctrination". The "devil Satan" has only one theme, and that is the desperate attempt to confuse right and wrong, to turn people away from the truth, and to pass off his demonic heresy as "Christian edification". Just as "viruses" have no national boundaries, Chinese demons and devils are "on the same side" as foreign "demon satans", and they are all on the same side as They are the opposite of the "Gods and Buddhas who save people", the "demons who harm people". (2) The "fundamental truth of Jesus" is not at all "to give himself up for our sins", but to warn the world not to presume that God saves you, for God does not save Christ and will not save you; it is only in life that the "hypocrites" and "blind leaders" are rebuked. It is only by having rebuked "the hypocrites and blind guides" in life, by having become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", and by having returned as though he had died, that he can live forever in the kingdom of heaven. (3) The "revelation from God, the new revelation", is for people to rebuke the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" in their lifetime, and to save their lives by their words and deeds of enlightenment, and to become the Christ of eternal life in heaven. Whatever differs from such a "revelation, a new revelation" is not "of God". Since all nations are created by God, God has no national boundaries, so "revelation and new revelation from God" is found in all nations, and the "Son of God" like Jesus will be in all nations of the world, with the same mission of "preaching and teaching" as Jesus. (3) The "Son of God", like Jesus, would have the same mission of "preaching to others" in every country of the world. (4) A reading of the Bible reveals that "there are conflicting teachings in the Bible", especially in the "Old Testament", which is full of the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" that Jesus rebuked. "The Jewish doctrine. The "New Testament" also contains many statements and actions that are diametrically opposed to the "Revelation", indicating that not all of them were written by "disciples taught by Jesus himself", since the Bible was The Bible was written by the "church", not by the "disciples of Jesus himself", but by the "church" which compiled the Bible, which Jesus in heaven hated "Therefore, do not believe the whole Bible except for Genesis and Revelation, but be very vigilant. If you find out what is in the Bible that is the word and deeds of "Satan the Devil", then you will become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire".

27-3:4, "3:4 But in Sardis you have a few who have not defiled their garments; they will walk with me in white, for they are worthy": (1) Although the Reformed Church is a new "demonic group" like the Catholic Church, there are "a few who are demons" in the Church. (1) Although the Orthodox Church is a new "demonic group" like the Catholic Church, there are still "a few who have not defiled their garments", that is, they have not done anything "morally wrong", they have been pure in character, they have been "honest" and not greedy for merit "They do not actively promote the teachings they have not practised, but only seek to do good to themselves, but to do no wrong. The more one is greedy for merit, the more people one preaches to, the greater the sin one creates, for one is a "Christian" who has not become a Christian, one is a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader"; the result of not being shameless is that one takes the As a result of this lack of shame, one takes on the guise of a "priest or pastor" and thus "defiles his garments" and becomes a spokesman for "Satan the devil". (2) To "wear white garments" means "not to be stained by the world" (Jas. 1:27) and "to be disgusted even with the garments that are stained by lust" (Jude 23). If you do not know what "worldliness" is, you will be stained by it. All fame (idolatry, wine, money, fame and love) is "worldly". Some "worldliness" has to be completely cut off, and some has to be given up for the sake of small personal devotion and love. (3) Many of the church "hymn singers" are "dressed in white", but this is the "devil Satan" who is "dressed in white "(3) Many of those who "sing hymns" in the church are "dressed in white". (4) To be "clothed in white" is not to be clothed in white, but to be a pure and spotless human being. The Christian who has not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth and a rod of iron", who does not know the true meaning of the words in the Book of Revelation, who does not preach, and who is a Christian without merit, is the Christian "who has not defiled his garment, who is clothed in white and walks with me". Such a Christian is "one who has not defiled his garment, who is clothed in white, who walks with me" and who is "worthy". (5) The standard by which "God judges the believer in righteousness" is the image of Christ in the Book of Revelation, and the absence of words and deeds to prove that a Christian has attained the state of Christ is "a failure to the glory of God. (6) "Bright and white". (6) "The fine linen of light and whiteness, which is the righteousness of the saints" (xix. 8). The words and actions of Jesus are the Christian "righteousness of the saints". You do not know what "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" are, nor do you practise the Christian "righteousness of the saints". You do not know that the "church system, priests and ministers" are the works of the "Nicolaitans" whom Jesus in heaven hates, nor do you practise the Christian "righteousness of the saints".

27-3:5, "3:5 Whosoever overcometh shall be clothed in white, and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will confess his name before my Father, and before all my Father's angels": (1) "Walk with me in white" is not at all to God "separated from uncleanness by faithfulness", but "whoever overcomes"; "whoever overcomes" is truly "faithful "Whoever does not overcome" is only foolishly faithful who thinks he is "faithful"; you do not know what "whoever overcomes" is, and you cannot You cannot "walk with me in white". (2) You do not have the conditions of the "overcomers", you do not have "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword, a rod of iron", you do not know what the new age is You cannot be "victorious" or "clothed in white" if you do not have "the eyes of a scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader". Those who are "dressed in white" are heavenly gods like Christ, not at all "minions who sing hymns and prayers, weep and cry, confess their sins, confess to the death of Jesus, and think that Jesus died for me". (3) Those whose names are in the "Book of Life" of the Kingdom of Heaven are like Jesus, who fought the "devil and Satan" all his life and became the ultimate "victorious", the "new Christ" who has reached the state of Christ. The "new Christ". He has not fought against the "devil and Satan" because he does not have "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword and a rod of iron", does not know what it means to be a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader" in the new age (3) "I will blot out his name from the book of life" because he has not become the new Christ, the "victorious" one, that is, the Christian who has fallen into hell and cannot "walk with me in white". (4) The "Church of Sardis" is a variety of new and different denominations under the guise of "restoring and reviving God's teaching". (4) The "Sardis Church" is a variety of new and different denominations under the guise of "restoring and reviving the edification of God" (the Reformed Church), which do not allow Christians to become known to the world as the sins of Christ. (5) The Christian of the new age, who is not a Christian, is not a Christian. (5) Christians of the new age, if you have not become a "Satanic overcomer", you cannot become a "new Christ" and cannot wear the white garment and live forever in heaven, because you do not have the great wisdom to see that the Church is a "satanic group". Because you do not have the great wisdom to see that the Church is a "satanic group".
27-3:5, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "To put on white means: to remain pure and set apart to God": (1) This is Satan's "ecstasy". To "put on white garments" is not at all "to remain pure and separate out to God", but is the general appearance of the God of heaven, revealed by words and deeds that overcome darkness and shine through foolishness. (2) He who does not have "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword and a rod of iron" to trample on the words and deeds of Satan is not at all the Christ "clothed in white".
27-3:6, "3:6 Let everyone who has ears hear what the Holy Spirit says to the churches": (1) This is the fifth time that this statement is made because it is important. (2) The book of Revelation is the core doctrine of Christianity and is not for your eyes to see. You should not take the Holy Spirit's holy meaning "literally" because the Holy Spirit speaks to the churches in many parables and metaphors in order to inspire you to think and become wise "eyes like a flame of fire" to see through the falsehood of Christ. (3) If you don't understand the meaning of certain words, ask more people for clarification and don't listen to one person's opinion. If you do not understand the meaning of certain words and do not ask, you are a handicapped person with "no ears" and you will certainly become a minion of Satan under the guise of Christianity.

Revelation 3: A letter to Philadelphia (3:7-10)
27-3:7, "3:7 Write to the messenger of the church of Philadelphia, saying, "He who is holy and true, who has the key of David, who opens and no one can shut it, and who closes and no one can open it, says": (1) "Philadelphia" in Greek is two words (1) "Philo" in Greek is a composite of two words; Philo meaning love and adelpyhos meaning brother; "Philo and Tefe" means "brotherly love". In 1825 several believers in England broke away from their denominations and took a stand for unity. The brothers in the Church loved one another and the interdenominational class (priests and ministers) was abolished. The Brethren movement is even bigger than the proselytising movement. The problem of inequality within the Church was solved by the Brethren Movement, and the status of the children of God was almost restored. (2) "There is no distinction in the Church between Jews and Greeks, autonomous or slave, male or female, but all are brothers in the Church", this is blind equality, blind optimism. Have you got the sacred "iron sceptre"? Have you used the "two-edged sword" to attack the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders"? If not, it is just another group of rabble-rousers. (3) "When our eyes are opened by God, we shall see: higher than others, and glorious in the world" is a Jewish expression. Not knowing that the "singing of hymns and prayers" is Satan's way of smearing Christianity not only shows that our eyes have not been opened by God, but also that we have been blinded by Satan.
(4) The "holiness" of Jesus is the absence of idolatry and cross worship, the ability to see through "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" with "eyes like a flame of fire", the "two-edged sword and the iron sword", and the "two-edged sword". He has a "two-edged sword and a rod of iron". Jesus is "true" because of his practical words and deeds that break the "falsehood and ugliness of the Old Testament" and at the same time reveal the true way to the eternal kingdom of heaven. No one is a "true" Christian without the practicality of breaking the "falsehoods and ugliness of the Old Testament". (5) Israel is the one who "prevails in his wrestling with God and with men", and anyone who does not prevail in his wrestling with God and with men is not a Jew of Israel. "David" is the king of Israel, and "the key of David" is a metaphor for the way of victory in wrestling with both God and man, the way of "making Christians into Christ". (6) Having received the key of David, one is victorious in wrestling with both God and man, and is certainly able to see the "devil Satan" for what he is, and is certainly able to use the "two-edged sword and the rod of iron" to subdue demons. Having received the key of David, having become a Christ like Jesus, the door to the eternal kingdom of heaven is opened, and no one can close it once it is opened. (7) Without the key of David, without becoming Christ, the door of the kingdom of heaven is closed. When it is shut, no one can open it, for in this life, being religious, they have not found the true way to become Christ, but have become demons who promote magic, and can only go to hell to serve their sentence, and when they have finished their sentence, they become beasts to be killed by a thousand cuts.
27-3:7, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "The key of David represents the power of Christ, which is able to open the door to his future kingdom": (1) This is "Satan the devil's (1) This is the "ecstasy" of "Satan the devil", the mindset of the Jewish priests who were greedy for "power". (2) The "key of David" is a metaphor for the way of victory in wrestling with both God and man, the way of becoming the Christ who overcomes all kinds of "Satan", the way of opening the gates of the Kingdom of Heaven, the "teaching of Christ It is the "unique method" of "Christ's indoctrination", which shows that Christ has the task of bringing people back to heaven; it is not "the power of Christ" at all. (3) It is not "power" that opens the door to His future kingdom, but the practice of the "teaching method" of "Christ's correction" that opens the door to His future kingdom only after one has graduated as a Christian. It is the practice of the "teaching of Christ" that opens the door to the future kingdom of Christ.

27-3:8, "3:8 I know thy works, that thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not forsaken my name. Behold, I have given you an open door before you, which no one can shut": (1) All this "praise and thanksgiving to God" is the most vulgar thing about the Jewish people in the guise of Christianity. God does not "praise" the Philadelphian Church, but at most acknowledges and approves of it, because "you have a little power for your works". The fact that you "broke away from the leadership of the church" and believed in Christ in your own home shows that you have some righteousness and strength to resist oppression, and that you have "kept my word and have not forsaken my name", even though you have not You do not have "eyes like a flame of fire" or my "two-edged sword and iron sceptre". (2) "The day when the remnant of Israel who returned from Babylon to Jerusalem rebuilt the temple. They came back one by one, and they built the temple", and such a "little strength" did not "keep my word", but "forsook my name This "little strength" does not "keep my word", it is "forsaking my name", for "building the temple" gives us a resident administrator, a "church", a "leader, a guide", and has nothing to do with "brotherly love". (2) "The love of the brethren" is irrelevant and almost diametrically opposed to "brotherly love". (3) "There are many, old men who have seen the old temple, and now when they see with their own eyes the foundations of this temple, they cry out with a loud voice, because it is so much less glorious than it was in the days of Solomon", and such people are not Christians, but Judaizers under the guise of Christians, for Christianity is a way of learning (3) "The teaching of Christ to become Christ", not the climbing of "the glory of the temple of God".
(4) "How great is the Word" is a Judaizer spreading "ecstasy", for Jesus has already spoken in detail about "my Word", not "the ears". "He who has ears" and "eyes" can see it! "My word is: to become the Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron over them, having the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars". You have not become Christ, nor have you "kept my word". You have not forsaken "my name" by revealing the true nature of the Jewish people in Christian garb, and you are not in the position of Jesus who rebuked "the hypocritical scribes and the blind guides". You have renounced "my name" when you did not expose "priests and ministers" as an act of Jesus who "hated the Nicolaitans". There are many places where you have renounced "my name", and you still think you are a spokesman for Christianity, and people like you are Judaizers who have come from within to corrupt Christianity, and are "Satan the Devil" in the guise of Christianity. You are the "Devil Satan" in the guise of Christianity.
(5) The fact that you "broke away from the leadership of the Church" and believed in Christ in your own home shows that you "hated the actions of the Nicolaitans" and that you have a little bit of righteousness and strength to resist oppression, which is rare and valuable on earth. You have "kept my word and have not forsaken my name", so I have given you an open door before you, a "door of righteousness" that no one can close, as a commendation and praise for you.

27-3:9, "3:9 And those who claim to be Jews, but are not, but are liars, I will make them come and worship at your feet, and I will make them know that I have loved you": (1) "According to the definition of Halacha, the Jewish law, all those who convert to Judaism (in the religious sense of the word) are to be treated as Jews. (1) "According to the definition of the Halacha of the Torah, all those who convert to Judaism (in the religious sense) and those who are born of a Jewish mother (in the national sense) belong to the Jewish people", which means "those who claim to be Jews, but are not Jews, but are liars, that Satan will be", for "Genesis 32:28 :28 And the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed with God and with men", so that only those who "have prevailed with God and with men" are Jews. (2) Those who are not afraid of the divine authority of "God and the priests", who are able to speak soberly and sensibly with the priests, who are able to refute statements that disprove God and the priests, and who are able to kill priests (priests and ministers) who have done evil, are those who have "prevailed with God and with men". This is the Jew who has "won the battle between God and man". (3) Christ, who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron over them, having the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars", is the Jew. (4) Christians have won the battle against the professing Jews with the words and deeds of Christ, that is, "I will make them come and bow down before your feet". If Christians cannot compete with professing Jews in the words and deeds of Christ, and cannot win, then I, Jesus, cannot "make them come and worship at your feet", nor can I "make them know that I have loved you". (5) If Christians cannot discover which of the "Old and New Testaments" are "Satan's lies", that is, "they have failed in their struggle against God and man", then I Jesus cannot I, Jesus, cannot "make them come and worship at your feet", nor can I "make them know that I have loved you".

27-3:10, "3:10 If you keep the word of my patience, I will keep you from your trials when all the world is tried": (1) You "separated yourself from the leadership of the church" and believed in Christ in your own home, but did not reveal (1) You have "separated yourself from the leadership of the Church" by believing in Christ in your own home, without exposing "priests and ministers" as an act of Jesus "who hated the Nicolaitans", and you do not have "a two-edged sword and a rod of iron", but you are a "Christian who has separated himself from the leadership of the Church". You are just a "Christian who has broken away from the leadership of the church", which is called "keeping the word of my patience". (2) Those who "keep the word of my patience" are only "Christians", not Jesus Christ himself. Jesus himself did not have the "word of patience"; if he had the "word of patience", he would not have called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" who were killed. If Jesus himself had the "word of patience", he would not have been killed for calling the Jews "hypocrites and blind leaders". If Jesus himself had had the "word of patience", there would have been no Christianity. (3) The "word of patience" of Jesus could only be: Watch as you misinterpret the Scriptures, preach false doctrine, and corrupt Christianity from within. (4) Jesus' words of rebuke to the Pharisees (Jewish believers who practised the doctrines of the Old Testament after Genesis): "Woe to you, hypocritical scribes and Pharisees! Woe to you who lead blindly!" This is evidence that Jesus himself did not have the "word of patience", and therefore, "As you keep the word of my patience "This is Jesus' "test, the dragon's gate", a "refrain" to test whether Christians know what kind of man Jesus was. If you don't know it is a "refrain" and believe it, you become a legal slave to be tested. (5) You have not become "the Christ with eyes like fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", you dare not expose "priests and ministers" as Jesus' "hatred of the actions of the Nicolaitans", and you do not have the courage to die as Jesus did. You do not have the courage to die as Jesus did, but you are saying "keep the word of my patience", so that "I will keep you from your trials when all the world is tried", which means that you have been abandoned by Jesus. For it is only when you have "returned to death in the hour of trial" that you can become the Christ of the eternal kingdom of heaven. (6) A few people who are "separated from the leadership of the church" and are free and loose in their faith in Christ at home cannot be open to "trials" and cannot become victorious at all. To "keep you from your trials" is to say that you are running away from reality, that you cannot go through "trials", and that you are a walking dead person. (7) Think about this, beasts in the guise of Christians: even "all the world has its trials", so how can you, who want to be the "new Christ", not be "tried"? How can you, who want to become the "new Christ", not undergo "trials"? Only by undergoing more "trials" than the ordinary man can you become a "new Christ". (8) You are "saved from your trials" if you die as you should when the whole world is being tried. If you complain that the LORD did not save you, you have failed in your "trial". If you have not overcome your own selfish desires and are greedy for fame and fortune, you have failed your "trial" and have fallen away. (9) You are full of "praise and thanksgiving to God", and you look like an impatient "servant of Christ", without any semblance of Christ's general demeanour, and you have not "kept the word of my patience "You have failed the test of "trial", you have failed the test of "trial", you have failed the test of "trial", you have degenerated into a Jew under the guise of a Christian. You have failed the test.
Watchman Nee: Today is the time of Christ's patience, and His word today is the word of patience. He is here without honour, as a humble man, still a Nazarene, still a carpenter's son. Because we are Christ's dusty companions, we only hope to be humiliated here": (1) Remember! Such words are "Satan the devil" insulting Christ while suppressing and misleading Christians. (2) Jesus had "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass and a rod of iron", so that Jesus had no semblance of "the word of patience". (3) "He is here without honour, a lowly man" because you have not become a Christ like Jesus, because you have been misled and have become a Jew under the guise of Christianity by recognising a thief as your father; Jesus has the worldwide reputation of being the "Son of God". He is the most exalted man on earth. (4) "Christ was not dusted, much less humiliated"; Jesus was a celebrity, a Christ, whose divine powers frightened the Jews during his life, and who died in a state of mourning and glory.
Watchman Nee: "Save us from all these trials that are coming": (1) Remember that such words are spoken by "Satan the devil" and are similar to the words of the "Old Testament". It is the same tone as that of the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" in the Old Testament. (2) All those who "seek the Lord" do not "keep the word of my patience", much less become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a two-edged sword in his mouth", but are They are "minions of Satan in the guise of Christians". (3) "Christianity" is about becoming "Christ", not at all about becoming a "seeker's slave". Jesus did not "seek the Lord" until his death, and anyone who "seeks the Lord" is not a Christian, but "a minion of Satan who misleads the masses under the guise of being a Christian"].

27-3:10, [Explanation of the "devotional version":] "3:10 In any case, our emphasis is on patient obedience to God in any affliction": (1) Remember! These are the words of the "Jewish priests" in the "Old Testament"; there are similar ones in the "New Testament", which show that the "Bible "This means that the Bible has been tampered with by Judaizers under the guise of Christianity. (2) The "Jewish priests" were the personification of "Satan the devil", whom Jesus called "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" and who would exist throughout the ages. This is what the Chinese call "the Tao is born of the devil, the devil disrupts the Tao, and God and Buddha and the devil king are the one yin and one yang that make up the Tao (the one true God)". (3) Christ is like this: eyes like fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron. "Christianity" means that Christians should become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, who has seven stars in his right hand, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face is like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the rod of iron "The indoctrination. (4) "Patiently submit to God in all tribulation" is the indoctrination of Christians to become the minions of "Satan the devil", the indoctrination of Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, the indoctrination of Christians to become the opposite of "Christ". This is the indoctrination of Judaism under the guise of Christianity, the indoctrination of the devil to make Christians the opposite of "Christ", "confessing their sins, obeying the law, and admitting to being the criminals who killed Jesus".

Revelation 3: Hold fast lest you lose your crown (3:11-13)
27-3:11, "3:11 I will come quickly, and you shall hold on to all that you have, lest anyone take away your crown": (1) You can know that Jesus did not have "the word of my patience", but that Jesus fought with "a two-edged sword, feet of bright brass, and a rod of iron" to the end. (1) If you can know that Jesus does not have "the word of my patience", but that he is the God of heaven who fights to the end with "a two-edged sword, feet of bright brass, and a rod of iron", you will know that the above words are the "refrain and the test" of Jesus, and that with such wisdom Jesus "will come quickly", and that he will come to you quickly from heaven to give you the crown of Christ. He will come to you from heaven and give you the crown of Christ. (2) Know that Jesus is the God of heaven who fights to the end with "a two-edged sword, feet of bright brass, and a rod of iron", and that you must hold on to all this realm in your heart and find out what is wrong in the Old and New Testaments under the name of "God and the Twelve". Then you will become the new Christ who has "eyes like a flame of fire, who attacks them with a two-edged sword, who rules them with a rod of iron" and who has the "seal of Christ". (3) As you hold on to all the realms of your "Seal of Christ" and break the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" of the last 2,000 years, your "Seal of Christ" will shine brighter and brighter. It is impossible for anyone to "take away your crown".
3:11 Christians have different gifts, talents, experiences and levels of maturity. God does not expect us all to be equally accomplished, but he does expect us to "hold fast" to what we have and to use our resources diligently to serve him. The Philadelphians were praised for their efforts at obedience (3:8) and God encouraged them to hold fast to what they had. You may be a new believer and feel that your faith and spiritual strength are small, but if you live according to all that you have for Christ, you will be praised by God": (1) This is the tone of the Judaizers who killed Christ. God expects us to hold fast to the knowledge that "Jesus is the God of heaven who fights to the last with a two-edged sword, feet of bright brass and a rod of iron", so that you have the "seal of Christ" and know what Christ's indoctrination is and what Christianity is not. (2) "Strive to use our resources to serve him", which is the mindset and desire of Satan, the devil, is a Jewish doctrine, the opposite of Christianity. Christianity is about believers becoming Christ like Jesus as revealed in the Book of Revelation, not at all about "striving to serve him with our resources". (3) "Philadelphians are praised for their efforts to obey" is a confusion of right and wrong by Satan the devil. The "Philadelphians" were separated from the leadership of the church and believed in Christ at home, and did not "strive for obedience" at all. In just twenty years, the Philadelphians had split into two "closed and open" factions, and there were several divisions within the two factions. (4) "If you live for Christ according to all that you have, you will be praised by God" is a lie of Satan the devil. Christianity is about believers becoming the Christ as revealed in the Book of Revelation, not "living for Christ and being praised by God".

