The New Testament 27th book of Revelation (chapter 19) Blessed is he who goes to the marriage supper of the Lamb I
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 19: God's punishment of the great adulteress for shedding human blood (19:1-6)
27-19:1, "19:1 After this I heard as if the crowd were saying with a loud voice from heaven, "Hallelujah! Salvation, glory and power belong to our God": (1) "I heard as if the multitudes were saying with a loud voice in heaven", Christians in the Western world who read the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, repented with a vengeance and overthrew Christianity out of the "satanic cave The Christians who have read the True Exposition of the Revelation, who have repented, who have overthrown Christianity and come out of the "Satanic cave", whose voices have reached heaven. (2) "Hallelujah", heartfelt thanks to an omnipotent God. (3) It is God's "salvation" that He has allowed His messengers to guide us to the truth from the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, so that we may repent, escape from our demonic cave and become Christ. It is God's "glory" that we, the minions of the church group, have escaped from the devil's den and become Christ, who is "one with God", through the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation. If God had not sent His messenger to guide us to the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, we would never have had the opportunity to be enlightened and to live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven, which is the "power" of God alone. Such merciful "salvation, glory and power" can only belong to our God. (4) In order to fulfil our life's mission of "building heaven on earth", we should dedicate our lives without personal fame or fortune, without expecting anything in return, and be a conscientious and silent giver, which is the true "hallelujah" and a true thanksgiving to God. "salvation, glory and power". (5) We become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", and this is the true "Hallelujah! This is the true "hallelujah", the true thanksgiving to God for "salvation, glory and power". Christians who have not become Christ but are shouting "thank God and praise God" are actually Satan's minions slandering, scandalising, mocking and insulting God. (6) The fact that we have become "Almighty" who is well versed in the essence of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Jehovah means that we have really inherited the "teachings of Almighty God", which is the true "Hallelujah" is the true thanksgiving to God for His "salvation, glory and power". The fact that no religious person has become an "Almighty" who is well versed in the essence of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam shows that there is no "indoctrination by God Almighty", nor is there There is no "Almighty, Almighty God". (7) Religious people do not have the awareness that "the five religions are all about making people into Christ", but are all "praising themselves and destroying others", and are all frogs at the bottom of the well who are blinded by one leaf, selfish and narrow-minded, poisonous and heartless. This shows that they are "wolves in sheep's clothing" and devils in the guise of religion, for they are the opposite of "the Almighty and the indoctrination of Almighty God". Religious people who have no sense of "the five religions are all about making people into Christ" and who "praise themselves and destroy him", but who shout "thank God and praise God", are in reality Satan's minions who are slandering and scandalising him. Satan is actually having his minions slander, scandalize, ridicule and abuse God.

27-19:2, "19:2 His judgment is true and righteous, for he has judged the great adulteress who has corrupted the world with her adulterous deeds, and has demanded of the adulteress the sin of shedding the blood of her servants, and has given them justice": (1) God's "judgment is true and righteous", but (1) God's "judgement is true and righteous", but ordinary people do not have God's realm. Therefore, God has let the five religious masters, "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", spread out in all countries, so that people in all countries of the world will know what is "true and righteous". This is the "true and righteousness" of God. (2) Christianity, the "satanic group, the great city of Babylon, the great whore who corrupts the world", regards all denominations as "unholy", ignores the existence of others, and makes Christians frogs in a well, thus maintaining the interests of their ruling group. There is nothing "true and righteous" about them, but all are "false and selfish". The burning of the "church group", the "great whore", by the Christians was a step forward for the whole of human society and a demonstration of God's "truth and righteousness".
(3) Did God "judge the great adulteress who corrupted the world with her adulterous practices"? No. God told the whole human society to "judge the great adulteress who has corrupted the world with her adulterous practices", because the Bible is the most widely spread book among mankind and Christianity is the first major religion in the world. The result? The Reformed (Protestant) Church describes the "Catholic Church" as the "great whore", when in fact the Reformed Church itself is the "great whore". All the billions of "Christians" have not "judged who is the great adulteress who corrupts the world with her adulterous acts". There is an old Chinese poem that says, "I do not know the true face of Mount Lushan, but I am in the mountain", which means that in order to see the true face of Mount Lushan you have to stand outside the mountain, but you cannot see the true face of Mount Lushan while standing in the mountain. The Buddha has a saying called "teaching outside the other", and "do not know the true face of Mount Lushan, only to be in this mountain" the meaning is similar, meaning: outside of Buddhism is the true transmission of the Buddha. There is a saying among the common people of China that "those who are in authority are confused". (4) When one enters Christianity and does not come out of it soberly, one becomes a "lamb" under the "shepherding" of a church group and cannot see the true nature of Christianity. When you get away from the doctrine of "church groups" and read the Book of Revelation, you will find the definition of "Christ" and the cause of Jesus' death, and you will find that the "church groups" are the same ones that Jesus rebuked "The "church group" is in fact a "Jewish order, a satanic group" under the guise of Christianity, so that "judged the great adulteress who corrupts the world with her adulterous practices".
(5) Nor is it God, but the Christians themselves, who "demand the blood of their servants from the adulteress, and give them justice". You Christians yourselves willingly act as "shepherds" for the church group, and if you do not wake up, will God come down from under heaven to "demand the sins of the adulteress for the shedding of her servants' blood and to give them justice? Will God come down from under heaven to "redress the iniquity of the blood of the adulteress and to give them justice"? Never. (6) Nearly two thousand years ago, Jesus "judged the great adulteress who had corrupted the world with her adulterous practices, and demanded of the adulteress the shedding of her servant's blood and the redress of their grievances", and he became the revolutionary who ended the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". Jesus became the revolutionary who ended the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era", for which he gave his young life and became the first person to mourn for the ages. (7) Today, in the 21st century, the Chinese Lamb "judges the great adulteress who has corrupted the world with her adulterous behaviour, and demands from the adulteress the sin of shedding the blood of her servants, and gives them justice", becoming the revolutionary who put an end to the "Age of Christian Magic" and inaugurated the "Baiyang Correction". "27-19:3.

27-19:3, "19:3 And he said: "Hallelujah! The smoke of the burning adulteress goes up for ever and ever": (1) Anyone who does not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", and who puts "Hallelujah" on his lips, is an impatient Satanic slave. He who speaks of "Hallelujah" is an impatient Satanic slave. Christians become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", and this is the true "Hallelujah". (2) It is not the burning of the churches of the "ecclesiastical group" that "raises the smoke", for a fire that burns a church, though it "raises the smoke", does not "for ever and ever". We should preserve all the churches intact as "Christian museums" and keep all the "Christian rituals, the priesthood, etc." in the churches, so that future generations will know how Christianity was deceived in those days, and so that the churches will become "educational" places that teach future generations never to repeat the same mistakes. Let the church become an "educational base" to teach future generations not to repeat the mistakes of the past, so that "the smoke of the burning adulteress will rise upwards" for "all time and eternity". (3) Do you understand? This is what God meant.

27-19:4, "19:4 Then the twenty-four elders and the four living creatures fell down and worshipped God who sits on the throne, saying, "Amen! Hallelujah!" (1) "The twenty-four elders and the four living creatures" is a metaphor for all the divine beings in the heavenly realm. (2) The word "amen" is a translation of the Hebrew word. It means: sincerity . The Christian prayer concludes with the words "so be it". (3) God is to be praised for His mercy to the Western world in allowing the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation to put an end to the demonic barrier (spell) that ruled the high ground of Western thought, and to make a giant leap forward in the realm of thought in the Western world!
27-19:5, "19:5 And a voice came out from the throne, saying, "Praise our God, all God's servants, all who fear him, great and small": (1) "All God's servants" are the people around God. The "sons of God" who believe in God, who have become disciples of the Lamb, who have received the "white sun" of God, are the "servants of God". Those who are not disciples of the Lamb, who have not received God's "White Sun", and who have not become "sons of God", are not "servants of God", but are only They are only "worshippers of God" and not true "believers of God".

27-19:6, "19:6 I heard as it were the voice of a multitude, the voice of many waters, the voice of a great thunderbolt, saying, Hallelujah! For the Lord our God, the Almighty, reigns": (1) "As the voice of the crowd", which opened the minds and overthrew the crowds in the "great city of Babylon", and they raised their voices. (2) "The voice of the waters, the voice of the thunder", the continuous, wise and loud opinion and voice of the masses. (3) "For the Lord our God" has opened up a great deal of grace, and the Chinese Lamb has interpreted the Book of Revelation, opening up the minds of the Western world, and the "Satanic spell" that had ruled the Western world for nearly 2,000 years has disappeared, ushering in a profound intellectual revolution in human society. (4) Christianity is not a little bit loving and tolerant, and regards all denominations outside them as "unholy", ignoring the existence of others. They are not only not "Almighty" themselves, but are also "extremely selfish and narrow-minded", and are frogs in a well with blinders on, and minions who "draw a blank", which is a sign that they have not been taught by the "Almighty". If they do not fall, human society will be in a tragedy, which is the sorrow of human society.
(5) In order to bring people from different countries back to heaven, God has set up religions all over the world to bring people back to heaven, and there are five major religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. The five main religions are "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", each preaching the same "true path to heaven", and although they use different vocabulary, their meanings and ultimate goals are the same. The five teachings are the "essence, skeleton and flesh and blood" of the Tao, specifically: Confucianism's Confucius' thought is the "essence" of the Tao; Taoism's Laozi's is the "essence" of the Tao. The thought of Confucian Confucius is the "essence" of the Tao; the thought of Taoist Laozi is the "qi" of the Tao; the thought of Buddhist Chodamanda Siddhartha is the "god" of the Tao; and the thought of Yehudaism is the "essence" of the Tao. God", the thought of Jesus is the "skeleton" of "Tao", the thought of Muhammad is the "flesh" of "Tao", and the thought of Islam (Muslim) is the "flesh" of "Tao". "The ideas of Muhammad are the "flesh and blood" of the Word. Together, the five religions are a complete Tao. (6) A person who has studied the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and who can distinguish between the essence and the dross of the five religions, and who has attained the state of mind where "the three religions are united, the five religions are one, the mother is returned to her roots, and the same is returned to God", is an "Almighty Such a person is an "all-rounder". Anyone who ignores the existence of the five religions is not an "Almighty" and cannot be a "king". The "king" is the one who uses the "golden rod" (iron staff) to penetrate the three religions and integrate the five religions, not knowing why "the three religions are one and the five religions are one". The "king" is not a "king" at all. (7) "King" is composed of "three" penetrated by "one". The "three" are the three worlds of heaven, earth and man. In Christianity, when one gets the "iron sceptre" and becomes the Christ, one has penetrated the three realms and is "king", but he is only a "little king" who is a single specialist and not the Almighty. Only when he has received the "iron sceptre" of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam will he be the "King of the Almighty". (8) "For the Lord our God" allows the Chinese Lamb to interpret the Book of Revelation and to reveal a Christianity that has never been seen before, and the world sees a true "Almighty". Only the "Almighty" can reign, and the "Almighty is king" is accepted by all hearts and no one will not submit to him, unless he is Satan. There is no one who does not submit to him, unless he is Satan who does not submit to him. In fact, Satan is "convinced with his heart but not with his mouth" and is the one who is subdued.

Revelation 19 Blessed is he who goes to the marriage supper of the Lamb (19:7-10)
27-19:7, "19:7 Let us rejoice and be glad and give glory to him! For the time of the marriage of the Lamb has come, and the bride has prepared herself": (1) Let us rejoice and be glad and give glory to the Almighty, who has made a great leap in the state of mind of human society. The whole human community is the beneficiary. Only the Almighty can reign; when we give glory to the Almighty, the Almighty "reigns". (2) "The Marriage of the Married (2) "The time has come for the marriage, and the bride has prepared herself", meaning that the "marriage supper of the Lamb" is ready. What is the "marriage of the Lamb"? First of all, what is a "lamb"? Who is the "lamb"? If you don't know what a "lamb" is? Nor do we know what a "marriage of lambs" and a "wedding feast of lambs" are. (3) Just because a lamb was "slain", it is rash and crude to treat the "Jesus" who was "slain" as a "lamb". This is a rash and crude "reading of the text", a "false proposition, a fallacy", because "Jesus" was never "unsealed" during his life. This is because "Jesus" did not "open the seven seals" during his lifetime. 5:9 The "Lamb" who "opened the seven seals" is described in detail in the Book of Revelation after the death of Jesus, how the "Lamb" "opened the seven seals". In the Book of Revelation after the death of Jesus, it is written in great detail how the "Lamb" "opened the seven seals". Where are the words and deeds of the "seven seals" that were "opened" during the life of Jesus? There is not a single word in the New Testament about the "unveiling of the seven seals". Therefore, the "Lamb" is not "Jesus". (4) In the vast amount of riddles and metaphors in the Book of Revelation, no Westerners have really "opened the seven seals" until today, almost two thousand years ago. "Jesus" is not the "Lamb" of the Book of Revelation, which means that the "Lamb " would not be a Westerner from Europe or America.
(5) The book of Revelation also uses other metaphors for the "Lamb". 2] 11:2 But the courtyard outside the temple was to be left unused, because it was given to the Gentiles; and they were to trample on the holy city for forty-two months. [3] 11:19 At that time the temple of God in heaven was opened, and in his temple appeared the ark of his covenant, followed by lightning, a voice, a thunderstorm, an earthquake, and great hail. 4] 12:5 The woman gave birth to a male child who would rule the nations with a rod of iron; and her child was brought to the throne of God. V] 12:9 And the great dragon was the ancient serpent, whose name was the devil, and whose name was Satan, and who confounded the whole world. It was thrown to the ground, and its messenger was thrown down with it. 6] 12:11 The brothers overcame it by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their own testimony. They did not love life, though it came to death. [7] 12:16 But the earth helped the woman, and opened her mouth and swallowed the water that came out of the dragon's mouth (note: "river" in the original). [8] 16:12 And the sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and the waters of the river were dried up, to prepare the way of the kings who were coming from the land of the rising sun. [9] 17:14 And they fought against the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for the Lamb is Lord of lords, and King of kings. He who is with the Lamb, he who is called and chosen and faithful, will also triumph. (10) 18:1 After this I saw another angel of great power descending from heaven, and the earth shone with his glory.
(6) "The marriage of the Lamb": [i. "17:1 And one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came to me, saying, Come here, and I will show you the punishment of the great adulteress who sits on the waters of the congregation": (8) The "great adulteress who sits on the waters", of which there are many "antitheses", is in fact the masculine, present-day god of knowledge (the soul, the body, the Magus), called "Fuxi" by the Chinese Taoists.
(2) "17:2 The kings of the earth commit adultery with her, and those who dwell on the earth get drunk on the wine of her fornication": (7) "The heart is the earth, the nature is the king, and the king dwells on the heart. The "king on earth" is the self-nature from heaven (the primordial spirit, the dharma body, the one who is not different from God, Ge Ge). When the God of Knowledge in this life joins the Master and practises the "non-dual method of seeing the mind and the nature", he realises the mind and the nature, that is, when the God of Knowledge in this life (the Soul of Life, Magog) sees the God of Origin (the Self, Gog) and knows who he is, the God of Origin and the God of Knowledge become "one in heaven", that is "The kings of the earth have committed adultery with her". Because the "king of the earth" prefers silence, is subtle and passive, and is therefore "feminine", he is actually the "queen of the earth", called by the Chinese Taoists "Nuwa". " The king of the earth commits adultery with her", but actually "he commits adultery with the queen of the earth, Fuxi with Nuwa". (8) When "the kings of the earth committed adultery with her", the God of Knowledge became the core of the God of Knowledge without being revealed, and the God of Knowledge in this life took on the divine powers that the God of Knowledge originally had, and the human body took on the infinite divine power of healing and saving people as Jesus did during his lifetime, and became the "Christ" (the Son of God, the one who is no different from (the Son of God, the one who is not different from God). He will testify by calling the Jewish Church "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". (9) If those who live on earth study religion and do not know who the "kings of the earth" are (and do not realize "life and mind"), they are "drunk with the wine of her fornication "and is condemned to the punishment of hell. He will live in vain in this life and go back to reincarnation. This theoretical method is called in China "the non-dual righteousness of clarity of mind"; it is the "iron rod" that Jesus spoke of. (10) The "Chinese Lamb" has popularised this "non-dual method of seeing the mind and the nature" of becoming the Christ (the Son of God, the heavenly immortal) throughout the world, which in China is called the "three stages of the Long Hua Hui". It is the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" in the Book of Revelation].
(7) The "bride" is the "king of the earth", the Self from heaven (the God, the Dharma, the heavenly life, the one who is not different from God, the Gog). Because the "earthly king" prefers silence, is subtle and passive, and is therefore "feminine", she is actually the "queen of the earth", called by the Chinese Taoists The Chinese Taoists call her "Nuwa". When a person is conceived in the mother's womb, the Yuan Shen in heaven knows who should be her parents. If the Yuan Shen has no opinion about the parents' family, the child will be born normally; if the Yuan Shen has an opinion about the parents' family and does not want to come down to earth, the foetus will have no foetal heart and will be stillborn. The genin reaches the heart inside the human body after the birth of the foetus. Many people are born with a love of religion because the genjutsu is guiding them. (8) If the God of Knowledge (the life-giving soul, the retribution body, the fetus, the magus) in this life does not become Christ, he does not know who his God of Origin (the Bride, the Gog) is. When a person dies, the God of Origin (the Bride, the Gog) leaves the human body and annihilates in hell with the God of Knowledge, completely cutting off the way back to heaven. If one becomes a Christian, one will know who one's God (the bride and Gog) is, and one will have the same divine power as Jesus. The God of knowledge, who has the power of divinity, is the same as Jesus in this life, and will not fall away until he dies, completes his mission, and is born forever in heaven, and the God of origin returns to his "old home in heaven".
(9) "The bride (Gog) has also prepared herself" means that she has always "prepared herself", hoping that the God of Knowledge (Magog) in this life will come to marry (the God of God, Gog) after she has become Christ by joining the Master. If one does not join the Master in life and does not become Christ, but becomes a slave to "chanting hymns and prayers", one loses forever the opportunity to marry the "bride" (the genii, Gog), and one lives in vain and goes back to reincarnation. (10) In Chinese Taoism, there is another term for the "bride" (Yuan Shen, Ge Ge), which is called "Dang Ren", meaning: the one who should be seen in this life. If you do not see her in this life, you will not live forever in the kingdom of heaven and will go to hell, and you will live in vain in this life and reincarnate again. (11) Children are filial sons and daughters who have come to repay the kindness of their previous lives and have earned their virtue in their previous lives. If the children are sick, disabled or unfilial, they have sinned and owed others in their previous lives and have become children in this life to collect their debts. When a pregnant woman dies, those who remain in her womb and do not give birth are girls; boys do not remain in the mother's body.

27-19:8, "19:8 And they were clothed by grace in fine linen, bright and white. This fine linen is the righteousness of the saints": (1) The "fine linen of light and whiteness" is not made of cloth, but is a transparent, thin "vestment", invisible to the naked eye, which is the divine garment of heaven and has the miraculous power to keep people from evil. It has the miraculous power to protect people from evil spirits and disasters. (2) Not all religious sects have the "bright white linen garments", but only those who are disciples of the Divine Age, those who are able to realise the clarity of mind (Christ), and those who have been ordained by God to transmit the Dharma. (3) All the disciples who were killed by the Roman Emperor in order to keep the Way were able to return to heaven, except for the Twelve whom Jesus himself had taken. After the reign of Constantine the Great (272-337), when Catholicism became the state religion of Rome, "Jesusism" was completely "closed" and no more disciples were returned to heaven. The Christians in the churches wore "white clothes" made of cloth, not the true "bright white linen" at all.
(4) The Chinese Lamb became a disciple of the Chinese Lamb through the "initiation process" because he was commanded by God to preach the "Baiyang Dharma" which became Christ, and every disciple of the Lamb had a "bright white Each disciple of the Lamb is given a "bright, white linen garment" by God. If a disciple falls away from the five commandments (killing, stealing, prostitution and drunkenness), the "bright white linen garment" will automatically leave the disciple and return to heaven. If the disciple corrects his mistake and continues to be a disciple who keeps the five precepts and preaches the righteousness, the "bright white linen garment" will return to the disciple. This is the reason why "things come together as they are". (5) The "fine linen garment" is not made of cloth at all, but is "the righteousness of the saints", which is the expression of the saints' "righteousness, righteousness, righteousness and enlightenment". The righteousness of the saints is the positive energy. (6) Satan's spokesmen can sense that a person is not an ordinary person and instinctively resist him, and individual "spokesmen of Satan" can also see the "bright white linen garments" on the disciples, for Satan has the same divine powers as God, except that they are used to Satan has the same powers as God, but they are used to rob people of their "essence" for his own use.

27-19:9, "19:9 And the angel commanded me, saying, Write, Blessed is he who is invited to the marriage supper of the Lamb! And he said to me, "This is the true word of God": (1) "The marriage supper of the Lamb" is not at all the marriage of a lamb, and to take this to mean the marriage of a beastly lamb is an ugly and ignorant farce played by Satan's minions. We see "Christian merchandise", a young sheep with a red ribbon in white, because the "marriage feast of the Lamb" is about to begin, and this is all an ugly and ignorant farce by the minions of Satan. It is the "blind leader without ears" who is harming people's lives. (2) The "White Yang Buddhism" of the Chinese lambs enables the disciple's knowledge of the gods (Fuxi and Magu, the masculine body and soul) to meet the first gods (Nuwa and Gog, the Dharma body and self-nature, the feminine nature), and after this meeting, "Fuxi and Nuwa" are married and have a holy birth. Then a "heavenly immortal", "Buddha" and "Christ" were born in heaven and earth, who had the eyes of the law and could see ghosts and spirits, and who could enter the underworld. The "Baiyang Buddhism" of the Chinese Lamb became known to more and more people, many of whom became Christians, and after the opening of the Dharma movement, became the mainstream religion, with thousands of disciples all over the world, thus forming the "Grand Wedding Feast of the Lamb".
(3) The Chinese Lamb has been promoting the "Baiyang Dharma" in China mainly through new media such as websites, WeChat and QQ, and through the distribution of the Baiyang Da Zang Jing series of books. Anyone who gets the books or reads the articles on the website is a Chinese guest "invited to the wedding feast of the Lamb". (4) The Chinese Lamb promotes the "Baiyang Dharma" in Christian countries, mainly through new media such as websites and the distribution of foreign language versions of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation. Anyone who gets the book or reads the website article is a foreign guest "invited to the wedding feast of the Lamb". (5) The Chinese Lamb is targeting Islamic countries, mainly through new media such as websites and the distribution of the True Explanation of the Qur'an in foreign languages, and through these two forms, the "Baiyang Dharma" is being promoted. Anyone who gets the book or reads the article on the website is a foreign guest "invited to the wedding feast of the Lamb". (6) This is the "wedding feast of the lamb" of globalisation. In three or four months' time, when the Chinese Lamb is recognised by the Chinese state, it will be time for the "marriage feast of the Lamb" to begin. When the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation is printed in English and distributed to the Christian nations, it will be time for the "marriage feast of the Lamb" to begin in the Christian nations. (7) People from all over the world are "invited to the marriage supper of the Lamb", both those who come to the supper and those who do not. He who believes is saved. He who believes is saved. Those who do not will be saved. Those who do not will be saved. Those who are due to come to the feast will come at the time and place appointed by God. There was no way back to heaven, no way home. Now that there is a way back to heaven, how can a child of God not go home?
(8) Why do you say, "Blessed is he who is invited to the marriage supper of the Lamb"? Because the righteousness of the law does not always come, and is not always passed on. (9) The fact that Jesus was killed in the West before he had been "perfected as a Christian" shows that he did not have the opportunity to be popularized and that he should not have been promoted at that time. Just think how many people have been deceived by the "church group", the "great adulteress", in the last two thousand years, and have gone to hell without ever living in heaven. Today, in the 21st century, you have received the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, which is a blessing for your good deeds and virtues in your past lives. It is up to you to decide whether you cherish this opportunity or not. (10) After the death of Master Hui Neng in 713, he entered a house of fire, and the "non-dual Dharma of clearing the mind and seeing the nature" was no longer passed on to the monks, and the fact that "one flower blossoms into five leaves" is a sign of the absence of the Dharma movement. It is only today that the "Muni pearl" has reappeared in the light of day, so much so that most people do not know that it is the true direct lineage of the Buddha, and some have gone so far as to stigmatise the Centrist religion, which preaches the "Immanent Dharma of seeing the heart and mind", as a cult, because "For more than a thousand years, the Pure Land Lamaism has been the mainstream. Therefore, modern people have been blessed by your good deeds and virtues in your past lives to be able to hear the "Immanent Dharma of seeing the nature of the mind" in this life. Therefore, all modern people are "blessed" and lucky. As for whether you cherish this opportunity or not, it is up to you to decide.

27-19:10, "19:10 Then I fell down at his feet to worship him. He said, "Never! I am a servant with you, and with your brothers who testify about Jesus. You are to worship God. For the spiritual meaning of the prophecy is to bear witness to Jesus": (1) What is a "brother who bears witness to Jesus"? What is the testimony for Jesus? Here it depends on whether you know the cause of Jesus' death. If you sing with your mouth, "I really believe, I definitely believe, Jesus suffered for me", you are not a "brother who testifies for Jesus", you are a "slave who testifies for Satan You are a "minion for Satan". (2) The "Orthodox" attack the "Catholics" from the perspective of the rebels, describing the "Catholics" as the "great city of Babylon". (2) The "Orthodox" attack the "Catholics" from the point of view of the rebels, referring to the "Catholics" as the "great city of Babylon", when in fact they are "two brothers of the same mother". The "more orthodox" are the same as all those who interpret the Revelation, using the events of the "Old Testament" to interpret the Revelation, without the slightest hint of "witnessing for Jesus", showing that they are both Judaizers under the guise of Christianity. (3) Knowing that Jesus was a revolutionary who overthrew the Old Testament, you use the "two-edged sword of the mouth, the feet of bright brass, and the rod of iron" to attack the "Old Testament doctrine" that is killing Christians, exposing The "church group" is a "satanic group" that promotes the teachings of Judaism under the guise of Christianity, and you are a "brother witness for Jesus", the Christ, the servant of God. If you are a Christian studying the Bible, but you have not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", you are not a "brother who testifies to Jesus", you are not a servant of God, but a servant of Satan. You are not a servant of God, but a minion of Satan.
(4) If you do not know what "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, and who has received a rod of iron", you will mistake "worshipping Satan" for "worshipping God". The "God you worship" is actually "Satan" because you do not know what Christ's indoctrination is. (5) You are not a "witness brother for Jesus" and you do not know what the "spiritual meaning of the prophecy" is. You can only know the "spiritual meaning of prophecy" if you have become a "witness brother to Jesus", for "without the heart of a saint, you do not understand the meaning of a saint".

