The True Interpretation of the Bible, Old Testament 1-5
The true interpretation of the Bible, Old Testament 1-5

Explanation: (1) not all the quotations in the following quotation marks are from the Bible, but also from the interpretation of the Bible（ 2) Because there are many versions of the Bible, this article uses the "spiritual version"（ 3) The part of the answer is the answer that my disciple Yuan Ming Di Zi (yuan Jishun) got from the sacred.

The completion date of the Old Testament is between 4000 BC (referring to the sermon of David bowson) and 400 BC. Q: what year is it? Answer: it started in 368 BC.
Exodus, the earliest work of the Old Testament, has a history of 3500 years. Q: is that so? Answer: 2849 years.
Tanah, also known as magabe, tenak or Hebrew Bible, is the first important book of Judaism, and later Christianity called it "Hebrew Bible" or "Old Testament Bible". It is generally believed that it was written from the "prisoner of Babylon" period (597-538 BC) to the first century BC, which lasted about 240 years. Q: is that so? Answer: 5th century BC.
The first genesis

1-1 "Genesis": how many years ago was the writing completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: 3500 years ago. An old man with white beard and white face was 60 years old when he wrote. The king, one of the five elders, came down to earth. At that time, he was the Pharaoh of the country.

1-2. God created heaven and earth at first: Why did it take six days? Answer: Taiji produces Yin and Yang, yin and Yang combine to produce everything, and biochemistry here, and then comes back and forth, and it will continue to live“ The world, the sun and the moon, the men and women, are six in total, which is the composition of life.

The second Exodus

2-1 "exodus": how many years ago was the writing completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: 798 BC. A man with brown hair, 40, was the leader of a tribe at that time. His name was Moses (838-782 BC). He came down as "broom star". In Taiqing palace, the purpose of the long haired green ox attached to the body is to educate and test people's wisdom.

2-2, "sons of Israel", why "each with his family came to Egypt with Jacob"? How many years ago? Answer: because there were strong enemies next to Israel at that time, they had to go to Egypt 3485 years ago.

2-3: "After Jacob wrestled with the angels, God gave him the name Israel": is that so? Is Jacob a real man? How many years has it been since he was born? Answer: Jacob is a real man. Black beard, long hair and bright eyes. He was born 3490 years ago【（ 1) "Israel" means "wrestler with God" in Hebrew（ 2) Just as Buddhists have no sense of magic, Westerners have no dialectical understanding of "angels" in the Bible. Almost all "angels" have become gods of charity. In fact, there are far more than holy demons. The angel wrestling with Jacob is the ruler of violence and the incarnation of devil（ 3) Facing the brutal ruling group, Jacob was determined to achieve equality for all and fight against the devil (violent ruler). Finally, he died on the road of promoting justice and was given the name of the country by the Lord. Through "God", the supreme creator, to warn the world: hope everyone to be good（ 4) "Israel" is a holy man who came down to save the world at all times and fought for justice

Joseph, one of Jacob's sons, became prime minister in Egypt, second only to Pharaoh. He took his father's family to Egypt and settled there. Four hundred years later, Jacob's family became a big family. "Is that so? Answer: Yes.

2-5, "Hebrews worship the one true God": is that so? Who is their only true God in heaven? Answer: the Lord ("the Lord of gold" in the five elders of "gold, wood, water, fire and earth" is the mother of gold in the yaochi Lake).

2-6. Were the cities of bidong and lansai built in 1290 B.C? Are they really the two storage cities built by the Israelites? Answer: it was built by the Israelites.

2-7, "did Israel come out of Egypt in the 13th century BC"? Answer: Yes.

2-8: "there are two Hebrew midwives, one is shfra and the other is PUA." Q: are shfra and PUA Egyptians in charge of midwives? Or Israel? Answer: it's Israel.

2-9. Pharaoh said to all his people, "all the boys born to the Israelites will be thrown into the river."; All girls, save her life. Q: is that so? Have all the boys born to the Israelites survived? Answer: the development of the Israelites in Egypt was intrigued by the Egyptian pharaohs, and nearly half of the children were persecuted.

Chapter 3: Leviticus

3-1. How many years has the writing of "Leviticus" been completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: (yuan Jishun, Yuan Ming Di Zi) I saw this person being whipped in hell, and I went to visit the Hell King: the emperor of Yuan Ming was ordered to help my teacher organize the Bible and find the author of Leviticus, and saw this person here. The Hell King: OK, I'll take you. I saw a man who was beaten to the dying by the jailer, who put him down and restored his appearance. I asked, "you wrote the book of Leviticus? How many years ago? What age was it then? What's your name? What was the job at that time? Which country? And the criminal answered, my name is Moses, the high priest of the kingdom of Israel. Written 797 BC. I was 41 at the time.

3-2, "the LORD called Moses from the tent of meeting", I asked, "is there such a thing? Answer: it's a lie that I (Moses) embezzled the name of the Holy (Lord) for my own status.

3-3: "offering a bull without defect at the entrance of the tent of meeting can be accepted by the Lord." question: is there such a thing? Answer: there is such a thing.

3-4, "he will lay his hand on the head of the burnt offering, and the burnt offering will be accepted and atoned for him." question: is there such a thing? Can you really atone for him? Answer: Yes. This is the same situation as the "law of action" in China, such as "burning incense and kowtowing, sending Yuanbao and releasing life". We can't atone for him at all.

3-5: "man should see the seriousness of his sin. When the sacrificial man sees that the sacrificial animal is killed, he will realize his sinfulness": is it necessary to "slaughter the bull before the Lord" in order to "realize his sinfulness"? Isn't it a crime to "commit the commandment to kill"? Answer: (Moses misled) they mistakenly thought that they could share their cattle and sheep with God to offset their evil deeds. These are the "Ecstasy" of the devil, which makes people "commit the commandment to kill" even more crimes.

3-6: "the priests of the sons of Aaron shall offer blood and sprinkle it around the altar at the entrance of the tent of meeting." question: is there such a thing? Answer: Yes. It shows that human kindness and spirituality are lost for a long time, and greed is greater than reason.

3-7 "praise God, worship God, thank God, but ask him to forgive sins and meet him, and sacrifice the same way." ask: is this what God wants to sacrifice? What is this God's words and deeds? Does Christianity not have the consciousness of "evil gods"? Answer: (1) God told people that people and God were a family, everything was made by God, because people had their own thinking and created a private heart, separated from the good God, and the later generations' spiritual preaching also made people good and evil. But after the development of human beings, the more deeply rooted the self-interest, which led to the situation of "one person wants to control all the people, and God is kidnapped by the ruler"（ 2) This is not the sacrifice of God, it is the evil king under the guise of God, let the spokesperson of the LORD say that the evil demon theory of confusing right and wrong（ 3) Christianity has the consciousness of "evil god" (devil), but does not know what evil evil theory is, because the few people with wisdom.

3-8, "God requires people to offer sacrifices to make sins forgiven and restore the relationship with him." Q: what is God's words and deeds? Answer: This is the words and deeds of the ruler, and the words and deeds of the "evil god" (devil).

3-9: "if a man offers a burnt offering to the LORD with a bird, he must offer a dove or a young pigeon as an offering." question: is this the hope of the Lord? Answer: This is not what the Lord wants. The LORD did not offer sacrifices, saying that only by following the way of God can he approach God.

3-10: "the death of an animal means that one life has been given and another life can be saved." question: is this true? Is this the intention of the Lord to offer? In this case, who doesn't commit a crime! Answer: not the Lord. These are the words and deeds of "evil spirits" (demons).

3-11: "all through the Old Testament, I did this all the time and received the effect of teaching the people to return to God." question: is that so? Answer: the whole "Old Testament era" revolved around the "priest". Under the guise of "teaching the people to return to God", the evil nature of "harming people and invading things" is exposed.

3-12. "The man who offered the sacrifice laid his hand on the head of the animal, indicating that he fully acknowledged the sacrifice of the animal instead of him. He slaughtered the animal, the priest sprinkled the blood of the sacrifice, and the sacrificial giver symbolically attributed his sin to it, and his sin was removed. Then he burned the sacrifice on the altar, and predicted that the sacrificial person would offer himself completely to God. "Question: is this true? Isn't this a self deceptive farce? Answer: at that time, the society was underdeveloped, and it was indeed a few intellectuals who fooled the whole country.

3-13: "the significance of the sacrifice of livestock by the Israelites is not only to stop the wrath of God, but also because they deserve to have a substitute for punishment. Sacrifice shows their faith in God and their obedience to his law. "Q: is that true? Will the words and deeds of the Israelites who sacrifice their livestock make God angry? Answer: it only makes God angry. So Israel is often slaughtered by invaders.

3-14. "The most important thing is that this system foreshadows that God's Lamb (Jesus Christ) will come to die and overcome sin once and for all." question: is this true? Who are the people who say these words? What is he doing in heaven? Is Jesus Christ the lamb of God? Why does God regard Jesus Christ as God's lamb? Answer: (1) it's the Western ancestor Adam. I saw a hall in the middle of the two mountains. I saw foreign warriors and horses. It was similar to a church. The seat above was Jesus. On the left was the Old Testament era preacher. The first one was Adam and Abraham. On the right are 11 disciples of Jesus and others. The original words of Jesus' sermon are as follows: Jesus said that the highest goodness is like water. He came to preach himself and told the world what God was like. He was as kind and compassionate as himself when he was alive. I will go to the Lord my father after death. You will walk the way I have walked. Like me, you have love in your heart. You will always be close to the father in heaven. Only after death can you go to the Lord my father. When I die, I will go to my father. Just as I have done, I will wait for you in heaven instead of my father, the Lord（ 2) Jesus came down from the earth to tell us that "everyone and he are the son of God". He was treating the sick and saving the people, and talking about being close to the true God and doing good with God. Just after he became a little famous, the high priest of Judaism knew that, Then a Jewish priest proposed to kill the son of God, He said whether his blood sacrifice could make everyone eliminate their sin? In this way, Jesus had no place to escape and could not argue, so he was martyred（ 3) Jesus Christ is God's "lamb". He eats grass and gives a lot. He is the spokesman of God's enlightenment. This is a figurative description.

The fourth part of “Numbers”

4-1 how many years ago was the writing of "Numbers" completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: 796 BC. 42 years old. What Moses did on the way to Israel.

4-2 "Numbers" means counting the people, which can be regarded as the census at that time. Q: is that so? Answer: check the tribal population.

4-3, "the LORD spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the tent of meeting," and asked, "is it true? Answer: the purpose of Moses and his son's self directing and self acting is to find an excuse for their own legitimate status, which is similar to the emperor who called himself the son of the dragon in ancient times. It is an excuse for ruling the masses.

4-4. "You cannot count The Tribe Of Levi alone, nor do you count their total among the Israelites." ask: why? Answer: because that faction is stronger than them.

4-5: "when the tabernacle is about to move forward, the Levites will tear it down; And the Levites shall stand up when they shall set up the support. The outsider who comes near will be put to death. "Question: is that so? Why "outsiders who come near must be put to death"“ How many people were killed? Answer: those who come here do not believe and do not want to be manipulated by them. About 60 people were killed.

Why do the Levites camp around the tabernacle of the testimony? Is it really for the sake of "not bringing wrath on the congregation of Israel"“ Did the privilege of the Levites not make the congregation of Israel angry? Answer: similar to a "small Three Kingdoms". It was Moses who wanted to rule over him and reached a consensus with another family.

Chapter V: Book of Deuteronomy

5-1. How many years has the writing of "Book of Deuteronomy" been completed? How old was the author? What does he do? Answer: 795 BC. At 43, Moses did it. At 43, four articles were written and killed at 46.

5-2: "it took the Israelites 40 years to complete the journey. In fact, it only took them 11 days." question: is that so? Is it "something's wrong with them"? Answer: 38 years. Because they want to instill new political ideas and consolidate their ruling position.

5-3. "God not only wants you to survive, but also wants you to serve him and love his life." ask: is that true? What is this God? Answer: for only in this way can these high priests command. This is the devil under the guise of God, not God's teaching.

5-4: "go up and take possession of the land, do not be afraid or dismayed." is this what the LORD God says? Answer: No.

5-5. Why did they "refuse to go up, but disobey the command of the LORD God"? Answer: because they are afraid of not getting a safe day.

5-6 "because the LORD hated us, he brought us out of the land of Egypt to deliver us into the hands of the Amorites and destroy us." question: is that so? Answer:No! the Egyptians hated them and drove them to another strong enemy.

"The Lord and your God, who walk before you, will fight for you." question: is that so? Will the Lord really fight for them and rob other people's territory? Answer: it's a liar's lie. It's the swindlers who are mobilizing for invading other people's territory.

5-8, "when the LORD heard this, he was angry and swore; The Lord is angry with me for your sake. "Is that so? Answer: brainwashing people.

5-9, "1:41 we have sinned against the Lord, and are willing to go up and fight according to all that the LORD our God has commanded."? Have people been cheated by Moses, the devil possessed man? Answer: Yes. People are cheated by the devil possessed man. Just as Hitler kidnapped Germany to fight the Soviet Union, Ishihara encouraged Japan to fight China, and the Americans encouraged the Israelites to fight the Arabs.

5-10, "do not go up, and do not fight, for I am not among you, or you will be defeated by your enemies." question: is this what the LORD says? Or did Moses make it up? Answer: it's Moses' nonsense.

5-11 "the Amorites who live in that mountain come out against you" because "they went up the mountain without permission, contrary to the command of the Lord"? Or was he deceived by Moses, the devil possessed man? Answer: they were cheated.

5-12, "come back and weep before the Lord; But the LORD did not listen to your voice, nor did he incline his ear to you. "He asked," is this because they "went up the mountain without authorization, contrary to the command of the Lord"? Answer: in this way, people will lose their senses because of fear, and then they can fight for territory.

Li huaizhu February 25, 2017, edited in Xuanwu mountain (houzu peak), Longyao County, Hebei Province






南无弥勒佛！南无无生老母！南无龙华真经！南无弓长祖！南无儒童佛！
