The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 37 Joseph's betrayal into Egypt
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion The Old Testament, Chapter 1, Genesis 37: Joseph is sold into Egypt
(1) Exodus 20:4 You shall not carve for yourself an idol, nor make any image like unto the heavens above, nor like unto the earth beneath, nor like unto any of the host of the waters under the earth. 20:5 You shall not bow down to those images, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God. (2) "Make pillars of the stones that you have laid on the ground and pour oil on them; build an altar to God; build the cross and the statue of Jesus inside the church" are all acts of "carving idols for yourself and bowing down to those images", which the LORD has expressly forbidden. These are acts that the LORD has expressly forbidden, acts that the LORD has clearly stated are "not to be done".
Genesis 37 Joseph told his father what his brother had done (37:1-4)
37:1 Jacob was living in the land of Canaan, the land where his father was staying.
2. "37:2 The account of Jacob is as follows: Joseph was seventeen years old and tended sheep with his brothers. He was a boy, and was always in the company of his father's concubines, the sons of Pella and Sephardic. And Joseph reported the wickedness of his brothers to their father." (1) The Lord teaches through the Scriptures, and the characters in the Scriptures are "teaching materials", so we should only learn what the "teaching materials" tell us, and not be moved by Jacob's "family connections". Do not be moved by the "family ties" of Jacob and his family. We should not dismiss the sins of Jacob as a "prophet of the Lord" just because there is a "good man or a famous person" among the sons of Jacob the devil. A "good man, a famous man" among Jacob's sons is a "plot" necessity. (2) Remember: we should only watch the drama and realise the truth; we should not "enter the drama and not come out". And do not watch only one act of the drama and erase the previous ones. The preceding scenes are all preparations for the scene that follows. (3) "Joseph reported the wickedness of his brothers to their father" shows that "Joseph" was a good boy who knew right from wrong, who handled things properly and prudently, and who had wisdom. (4) The fact that he knew which words and actions were "his brothers' evil deeds and reported them to their father" shows that "Joseph" was a righteous man who was cynical and courageous, who fought against falsehood and exposed the devil for what he was.
37:3 Israel loved Joseph more than all his sons, for he was born of his old age; and he made Joseph a coloured garment.
4. "37:4 When Joseph's brothers saw that their father loved Joseph more than he loved them, they hated Joseph and would not speak peaceably with him." (1) It was normal for "Israel's" sons not to be at peace, for "Israel" himself was a liar and a cheat, and he must not have been able to teach his family well, and his obvious over-indulgence in one person would naturally cause jealousy in others. (2) The sons of "Israel" were all brutal demons, and it was only natural that they should be hostile to each other.
Genesis 37: The Sale of Joseph to the Ishmaelites (37:25-28)
37:5 And Joseph had a dream, and told his brothers, and they hated him more and more.
37:6 Joseph said to them, "Listen to the dream that I have had.
7. "37:7 We were in the field, bundling our harvest, and my bundle rose up and stood, and your bundles came and bowed down around my bundle." (1) "Bale the harvest" means to gather the ripe wheat into a bundle, which is a metaphor for the final outcome of something, or the final condition of life. (2) "Come and worship your bundles around my bundle", not because "Israel loved Joseph more than his sons", but because "Joseph reported the wickedness of his brothers to their father "So "Joseph", the righteous man, would eventually be honoured by his brothers for his extraordinary deeds and words.
37:8 His brothers replied, "Do you really want to be our king? Do you really want to rule over us?" And they hated him more and more because of his dream and his words.
9. "37:9 Then he had another dream, and he also told his brothers, saying, "Behold! I had another dream, and I dreamed that the sun and the moon and the eleven stars bowed down to me." : (1) The "sun" is the father and the "moon" is the mother. The "eleven stars" were the eleven brothers of "Joseph". (2) "I dreamed that the sun, the moon and the eleven stars bowed down to me", which means that in future "Joseph" would be respected by his whole family.
37:10 When Joseph told this dream to his father and his brothers, his father rebuked him, saying, "What kind of a dream is this that you are having? Is it true that I and your mother and your brothers will come and bow down to the ground and worship you?"
37:11 His brothers were jealous of him, but his father kept the words in his heart.
37:12 Joseph's brothers went to Shechem, to let their father's sheep go.
37:13 Israel said to Joseph, "Are your brothers not tending sheep at Shechem? Come, and I will send you to them." Joseph said, "Here I am."
37:14 Israel said, "Go and see if your brothers are safe and sound, and if the flock is safe and sound, and return to me with a report." So he sent him out of the valley of Hebron, and he went to Shechem.
37:15 When they met him, he was lost in the field, and asked him, "What are you looking for?"
37:16 He said, "I am looking for my brothers, and I beg you to tell me where they are tending their sheep."
37:17 The man said, "They have gone away, and I heard them say they were going to Dothan." So Joseph went after his brothers and met them in Dothan.
18. "37:18 When they saw him from afar, they conspired to kill him before he came to them": (1) "Joseph reported his brothers' evil deeds to their father". (1) "Joseph reported the wickedness of his brothers to their father". (2) "Your bundles come and bow down around my bundles; the sun, the moon and the eleven stars bow down to me", which means that the "righteous man" was honoured by the Lord and would receive high honours. (3) This is why "Joseph's" brothers "conspired to have him killed". This shows that Jacob's children were all devils like Jacob.
37:19 Say to one another, "Look! Here comes the dreamer of dreams.
20. "37:20 Come on! Let us kill him and throw him into a pit, and let us say that an evil beast has eaten him, and let us see what his dream will do in the future." : (1) This shows that Jacob's children were devils who mutilated lives. (2) Jacob was a lying deceiver and his sons were prepared to deceive him with lies. (3) "And we will see what his dreams will be in the future", which shows that their jealousy turned into hatred.
37:21 Lupin heard it, and wanted to save him from their hands, saying, "Let us not harm his life."
22, "37:22 And he said, "Do not shed his blood, that he may be cast into this wilderness pit, and do not lay hands on him. Lupin meant to save him from their hands, and to restore him to his father." (1) This means that Lupin, who had taken possession of his father's concubine, felt indebted to his father for the scandal he had caused, and that saving Joseph was a form of reparation to him. (2) In any case, the "righteous" are always rescued by the LORD; this is the cosmic law of the LORD that "good is rewarded with good and evil with evil".
37:23 When Joseph came to his brothers, they stripped him of his outer garment, the coloured garment that he was wearing.
37:24 and threw him into a pit, which was empty and had no water in it.
37:25 And they sat down to eat, and lifted up their eyes, and saw a band of Ishmaelites of Midian coming from Gilead, carrying spices, frankincense, and myrrh on camels, to be brought down to Egypt.
37:26 And Judas said to all his brothers, "What profit is it that we have killed our brother, and have hidden his blood?
27. "37:27 We might as well sell him to the Ishmaelites and not lay hands on him, for he is our brother, our flesh and blood. And the brethren obeyed him." : (1) Judas was a practical man with a good head for business. "Judas is the leader of the devil, the one who sold his brother. The man who sold Jesus for $20 was also called "Judas". (2) Wasn't selling his brother "Joseph" to the Ishmaelites "doing him harm"? This means that Judas was a mentally handicapped man. (3) "For he is our brother, our flesh and blood", and selling him to the Ishmaelites was not "doing him harm"; this was the thinking of "Judas". (4) "And all the brethren obeyed him," showing that they all shared the thinking of "Judas," who was a psychopath "who thinks that what is wrong is right.
28. "37:28 When some Midianite merchants passed by, the brothers pulled Joseph out of the pit and sold him to the Ishmaelites for twenty shekels of silver. And they took Joseph away to Egypt." : (1) For the Jews "Egypt" was a "foreign country", so why did the LORD not allow them to establish a nation like Egypt? Why were they, the family of the "prophets of the LORD", not qualified to establish a nation? What did the Jews lack? (2) Why did the children of Adam and Eve (the Jews) remain in the "nomadic" stage when Egypt had a vast nation long ago? Have you ever wondered why? Anyone who reads the Bible and does not think about this is a Jew, a Jew in the guise of Christianity, a "blind man without ears", a devil-possessed lackey.
The True Exposition of the Book of Genesis, Chapter 37: Jacob's Lamentation for his Son (37:29-36)
37:29 And Lupin returned to the pit, and when he saw that Joseph was not in the pit, he tore his clothes
30. "37:30 And he returned to his brothers and said, "There is no more child! Where shall I go?" (1) It is clear that "Lupin" did not know that "twenty shekels of silver were given to sell Joseph to the Ishmaelites. And they took Joseph to Egypt". (2) It shows that Lupin was abandoned by his brothers, and that Lupin's brothers did not trust him.
37:31 They slaughtered a male goat and stained Joseph's coloured garment with blood.
37:32 and sent it to their father, saying, "We have picked this up; recognize it, is it not your son's coat?"
37:33 And he recognized it, and said, "This is my son's coat; an evil beast has eaten him, and Joseph has been torn to pieces! Torn to shreds!"
37:34 Then Jacob tore his clothes and put sackcloth around his waist, and mourned for his son for many days.
35. "37:35 And all his sons and daughters arose to comfort him, but he would not be comforted, saying, I will go down to Sheol to my son in sorrow. And Joseph's father wept for him." : (1) Do you see? A liar who lies and cheats is deceived by a liar. Oh, Jacob lied and cheated everywhere, and now he is being cheated by his sons, and this is the law of the universe of Yahweh that "good is rewarded with good and evil with evil". (2) Wasn't Jacob a "prophet of the LORD"? Why did he not know that "the blood of Joseph's coloured garment" was that of a male goat? The fact that Jacob did not know that the "blood of Joseph's coloured garment" was that of a male goat means that Jacob "fought with men and was defeated", which means that Jacob was not a "prophet of the LORD" at all. The definition of "Israel" is "having fought with God and with men and won", which means that Jacob is not qualified to be called "Israel" at all.
(3) As a "prophet of the LORD", why couldn't he go down to Sheol to find his son? The fact that Jacob could not go down to Sheol to find his son means that Jacob "fought against God and was defeated", which means that Jacob was not a "prophet of the LORD" at all. The definition of "Israel" is "having fought with God and with men, and having won", which means that Jacob was not qualified to be called "Israel" at all.
(4) When Jacob saw that Joseph's coloured garment was stained with blood and believed a lie, he "tore his clothes and put sackcloth around his waist, and mourned for his son for many days; he refused to be comforted". What would the ten sons who were partners in his deception say about their father, the "prophet of the Lord", after such a farce by Jacob? How would Jacob, the "prophet of the LORD", be perceived and regarded by the 10 sons who had joined him in his deception?
(5) Could a foolish pig like Jacob be considered a "prophet of the LORD"? Does this not mean that the "prophets of the LORD" (the Jewish priests) were all stupid pigs? (6) In fact, the "prophets of the LORD" (Jewish priests) like the pigs were not Jacob himself, but "as many as there were pigs before him".
37:36 The Midianites brought Joseph to Egypt and sold him to Potiphar, the chief guard, Pharaoh's vassal.
Chapter 37: (1) The Lord preaches through the scriptures. The characters in the scriptures are "teaching materials", and we should only learn what the "teaching materials" tell us. Do not be moved by the "family ties" of Jacob and his family. We should not dismiss the sins of Jacob as a "prophet of the Lord" just because there is a "good man or a famous person" among the sons of Jacob the devil. A "good man, a famous man" among Jacob's sons is a "plot" necessity. (2) Remember: we should only watch the drama and realise the truth; we should not "enter the drama and not come out". And do not watch only one act of the drama and erase the previous ones. The previous drama is all a prelude to this later scene].
Li Huaiju Published on September 9, 2017 21:25 am 10 Sep 09:48 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei
 Read the original article