The Bible The New Testament 27th book of Revelation True Commentary (Chapter 10) Small scrolls make the mouth sweet and the belly bitter
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Revelation 10 The angel with the little scroll (10:1-7)
27-10:1, "10:1 And I saw another mighty angel descending from heaven, clothed with a cloud, with a rainbow on his head, his face* like the sun, and his feet like pillars of fire": (1) The "mighty angel" is a divine being with the Great Commission, a time when (1) The "mighty angel" is a divine being with the Great Commission, the one who is to "make Christians into Christ" for a period of time. (2) "Clothed in clouds, with a rainbow on his head, his face* like the sun, and his feet like pillars of fire", he was the patriarch of the Red Sun (565-486 B.C.) and predated the "Lamb" (the White Sun). "The Lamb" (Baisyang Patriarch) precedes him and is the Patriarch before 21 December 2012.
"[Watchman Nee: This mighty angel is Christ the Lord, for: (a) the Lord has appeared here as an angel, having returned to Old Testament status": (1) Do you see? Watchman Nee has more than once referred to the Lord Jesus as "returning to the status of the Old Testament". (2) He did not know that Jesus was the revolutionary who overthrew the Old Testament and opened the New Testament, and he did not know that it was the Jewish Church, which practised the Old Testament, that killed Jesus. This shows that Watchman Nee is the embodiment of the "Old Testament" Jewish priesthood that Jesus rebuked, and that Watchman Nee is a devil who slanders, misinterprets and obliterates "Christ's (3) Watchman Nee (1919) (3) Watchman Nee (1903-1972) rebuked Catholicism in his interpretation of the Apocalypse because he was a "more Orthodox" man, and therefore, the so-called Protestantism was nothing more than a rebellion against Catholic exclusivity. He could not escape from Christianity, for his time was the "magic age", and he was a mere child coming down to earth, not qualified to overthrow Christianity].

27-10:2, "10:2 He had the little scroll in his hand, which was unfolded. He had his right foot on the sea and his left foot on the ground": (1) "He had the little scroll in his hand, which was unfolded", which means that he had finished speaking, had spoken, and was not too important; it was not "a scroll sealed with seven seals, which had not been opened, which had not been officially circulated (2) "His right foot was not a book. (2) "He set his right foot on the sea and his left foot on the earth", indicating that his teaching "travelled across the sea", not just a country with his "footprints"; indicating that his teaching was to His edification was to be internationalized "across the seas".
27-10:3, "10:3 He cried out with a loud voice, like a lion roaring. When he had finished shouting, there were seven thunderbolts": (1) "Shouting loudly" indicates that the word spread far and was highly visible. (2) "The lion's roar", also known as "the lion's roar", means that the words and deeds of "only preaching the Dharma of seeing the nature and breaking the evil sects in the world" are used to propagate "the true Dharma of seeing the nature". The sound of the "non-dual righteousness of the Dharma" (Wu Wei Dao) shakes heaven and earth, causing all those who promote the "Law of Being" to be shocked and afraid. (3) "When the shouting is finished, there are seven thunderbolts" means "the sound of the Buddha's voice is like a thunderbolt"; the sound of the Buddha's voice, which speaks of "the non-dual dharma of clarity of mind and nature", is spread throughout the world. The "Buddha's Heart Seal" (the Dharma of inaction) has been transmitted in India for 28 generations.

27-10:4, "10:4 After the seven thunderbolts had sounded, I was about to write, when I heard a voice from heaven saying, "Seal what the seven thunderbolts have said, and do not write": (1) "After the seven thunderbolts had sounded" means that the "Seal of the Buddha's Heart" (Wu Wei Dao) The "Seal of the Buddha's Heart" (Wu Wei Fa) was passed on for 28 generations in India, and then to the 28th Patriarch Dharma, who sent it to China to return the "Seal of the Buddha's Heart" passed on by the Burning Buddha (Laozi Li Er), called "Lao Shui Returning the Tide". If you read the Vajra Sutra, you will know that Shakyamuni's master was the Buddha of the Burning Lamp. (2) "What the seven thunderbolts have said you must seal" means that Shakyamuni's "non-dual correct Dharma of clarity of mind and nature" (Wu Wei Dharma, the Golden Lotus) is an "outdated" one that can be used to teach the ancients but not the present. The "old Dharma boat". (3) "It must not be written out" because this is a new era in which the Lamb presides over the teachings of Baiyang; the Buddha's Golden Lotus School (the Seal of the Buddha's Heart and the Dhamma of Nothingness) is one of the three teachings that make up the Lamb's Baiyang teachings. One of the three teachings of Buddhism.
27-10:5, "10:5 The angel whom I saw treading on the sea and on the earth raised his right hand to heaven": Shakyamuni Buddha made a solemn vow.

27-10:6, "10:6 And he who created the heavens and the things in the heavens, the earth and the things on the earth, the sea and the things in the sea, and lived forever and ever, swore, saying, "There will be no more days (note: or "no more delays")": (1) He who "created the heavens" is the Creator, God. The "heavenly things" are the angels of heaven. (2) The "earth" is the global village. The "things on earth" are all the species on the land. (3) The "sea" is the ocean beyond the land, the vast human world. The "things of the sea" are the creatures of the sea. (4) "Those who live forever and ever" are Christ and the angels of heaven. (5) The Master of the Red Sun World, Siddhartha, swore that his time of edification was over. (6) "There will be no more days", he officially retired as the Master of the Red Sun World on 21 December 2012, the day of his "end" (the end of the world), and the day when "Maitreya Buddha, the Master of the Middle Heaven," would become the Master of the Red Sun World. This is the "New Year's Day" of the "Central Heavenly Patriarch Maitreya Buddha". (7) Buddhist disciples, you "must not delay any longer", you must not delay in Buddhism, you must go to the Middle Heavenly Church of the Lamb to practise the "Baiyang Buddhism". The essence of Buddhism is in the "Baiyang Dharma". Don't hold on to your foolishness in Buddhism, which does not have the "non-dual Dharma of clarity of mind and nature", for "Buddhism" has long since become a group of demons who eat the flesh of the Tang monks. After the death of Master Huineng in 713, the "Seal of Buddha's Heart" was "put into a house of fire" and the monks did not practise the Vajra Sutra or the Tantric Sutra, so there was no true method of Buddhahood in the monasteries. It is all magic to make people "pray for good fortune". The Buddhist monks' "burning incense and kowtowing, chanting the Buddha's name, sincerity of heart and blessing of Buddha" are the same as the Christian's "singing hymns and prayers, Jesus loves you, God bless".

27-10:7, "10:7 But at the sounding of the seventh angel's trumpet, the mystery of God was fulfilled, just as God had preached to his servants the good news of the prophets": (1) "At the sounding of the seventh angel's trumpet" is before the new tribulation comes. (2) "And the mystery of God was fulfilled" is an elliptical phrase, but in reality it means that the mystery of God, "the beginning of the age of the white sun", was revealed in the autumn of 2017; with the "Lamb" becoming With the "Lamb" becoming a state-sanctioned patriarch, and the Middle Kingdom religion becoming the state religion of China, "Taoism, Buddhism and other miscellaneous religions" were explicitly outlawed, thus enabling many people to turn from the darkness to the light, to become Christ and to live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven. (3) God's "servants the prophets" are the angels who have attained the Way in the Green and Red Suns, and they are the "heavenly immortals, the Christ" achieved by the "single specialist" of the Law, because Today, the progress of human society has made it possible to learn all five religions and become "all-powerful", and these "servants" of God These "servants of God", the prophets, will come down to earth one after another and become a modern man who loves mystical culture. (4) "The good news from God to His servants the prophets" is that the "single specialty" of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam is over, and that the "Lamb "The era of the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, and the return of the mother to her roots" of Baiyang Buddhism has officially begun, and the "wedding feast of the Lamb" has begun. All of God's "servants and prophets" will, in their due time, become disciples of the Lamb who will practice the "Baiyang Dharma" and become the "Almighty" and live forever in the Kingdom of Heaven.

Revelation 10: John eats a small roll (10:8-10)
27-10:8, "10:8 And the voice which I heard before from heaven commanded me, saying, Go, fetch the little scroll which is unfolded in the hand of the angel who treads the sea and the earth": (1) John was told to practise the "single specialist teaching of the Red Sun". (2) The true teachings of the Age of Righteousness. (2) There are very few authentic scriptures in the age of righteousness, because "the Way is outside the scriptures" and has been passed down from one ancestor to another. With the "little scrolls", there are lies and blackmail and demonic heresies. If you do not have the wisdom to read the sutras of the "non-action method" under the guidance of the Master, but instead focus on the sutras that have "great divine powers and effects and can satisfy all delusions" (the action method), you will suffer from "sweetness in the mouth like honey, but bitterness in the stomach". (3) If you read the Bible, you will have "sweetness in your mouth but bitterness in your stomach". (3) You read the Bible, but you do not know what the lies of Satan are, nor do you know which words of the Old and New Testaments are spoken by the devil; you do not know why Jesus was killed, nor do you hate the Jews who practise the Old Testament; you do not know what the "edification of Christ and the edification of the faithful" are. You do not know what "Christian edification and religious edification" are, but you regard "hymns and prayers" and other "works of art" (Satan's magic) as "Christian edification"; if you are such a person, you will have If you are such a person, you will have a sickness that is "sweet as honey in your mouth but bitter in your stomach", because you have become "a priest's lamb and Satan's slave".

27-10:9, "10:9 Then I went to the angel and said to him, "Give me the little scroll, please. And he said to me, "Take it and eat it all, and it will be bitter in your belly, but in your mouth it will be sweet as honey": (1) The term "little scroll" is used in the sense of a "reflexive" (antonym) and is not really (1) The phrase "small volume" is an antonym, not really a "small volume", but the Qianlong Great Collection of Scriptures, which consists of tens of thousands of books. The Great Tibetan Sutra, with its contradictory meanings, is the product of a "demonic confusion", a hodgepodge of demonic heresies (sapientia). It is a "pseudo-sutra" that "exaggerates the effects of mantra recitation, and that recitation of the Buddha's name will lead to the Western Paradise", and so on, which is the opposite of the "non-dual righteousness of seeing one's own nature" (the law of non-action). The vast majority of the "little scrolls", less than one ten-thousandth of the real sutras. Because the pseudo-sutras boast that the magic of "turning the mind outward and losing one's own nature" (the various "laws of action") is all-powerful, you will believe in them and practice them with joy, which is the "sweet as honey in your mouth" strategy. This is the devilish strategy of "be sweet as honey in your mouth". (2) If you have any delusions, the devil will satisfy them. The devil is a "department store", so he will make you feel that "your mouth is really as sweet as honey". Later you will find that you become a sick person, because you have accepted the doctrine of "right as wrong and false as true", your thinking is extreme and perverse, you will be nervous and frightened all day long, because you see the devil living in your house, and it is the devil who is responsible for your family's illness and wealth. This is the reason why you are "in a boat of thieves and your belly is bitter".
(3) "You have taken and eaten up" means that you have practised "the single specialist teaching of the Red Sun World" all your life, and have not come out of one religion all your life; if you learn two religions you are not dedicated and faithful to the Lord, and have become a " If one learns two religions, one is not dedicated and loyal to the Lord, and one has become a "frog at the bottom of the well"; one has been a "monk or Taoist" in a monastery or Taoist temple all one's life, and has not attained Buddhahood and attained the Way. (4) "It will make your belly bitter, but in your mouth it will be as sweet as honey", meaning: it will make you "suffer as if you had been poisoned, and it is hard to say what you have suffered" (practice without proof, wasting your time, and going to hell to serve your sentence after death). You will feel "sweet as honey" because you are "religious, as if you were blessed", because the simple "lie of a single specialist and deceiver" gives you A "temporary anesthetic". Not only did you not achieve clarity of mind and become Christ, but you saw hordes of demonic images living in your house, and you were so stunned that you did not bother to seek help to resolve your doubts.

27-10:10, "10:10 I took the little scroll from the angel's hand and ate it up, and in my mouth it was as sweet as honey; and after I had eaten it, my stomach felt bitter": (1) "I took the little scroll from the angel's hand and ate it up, and in my mouth it was as sweet as honey "This means that the five "righteous schools" of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam have temporarily given you some "sweetness, satisfaction and consolation" after you have been initiated and indoctrinated. You will have the delusion of longing for good things because of "their verbal promises and lies of liars", and you will temporarily feel good about them. (2) "After eating, your stomach feels bitter", and after the test of time you will find that you have become a sick and broken patient, because the "obsolete indoctrination" has become "magic with practice but without proof "Because the new "White Sun Buddhism" has replaced it, because the "Lamb" has become the "White Sun Master" of the world.

27-10:11, "10:11 Then the angels said to me, "You shall prophesy again by many peoples, by many nations, by many kingdoms, and by many kings": (1) You shall tell your feelings to "many peoples, many nations, many kingdoms, and many kings (1) Tell your feelings to "many peoples, many nations, many kingdoms, and many kings" (all the nations of the world), so that they will not covet the teachings of the five "righteous schools" of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Islam, for they are all "ships of the law that have long since departed". For more than a thousand years, they have been "a devil's cave and a group of demons eating the flesh of the Tang monk". (2) In the post-2012 Baiyang Shi, the new reformation of the three religions of the "Lamb", the five religions of the family, and the acknowledgement of the mother to the roots, should be practised. Otherwise, there will be symptoms of "sweetness in the mouth like honey, but bitterness in the stomach".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 2017-6-5 17:29:08 Edited 6 June Edited 22 July in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









