The Bible Old Testament 9 1 Samuel True Commentary 26 "David" took the gun and the flask from "Saul's" head
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
26:1 The Zephites came to Saul at Gibeah and said, "Is not David hiding on Mount Hagira before the wilderness?"
26:2 So Saul arose and led three thousand of his best men, chosen from among the Israelites, down into the wilderness of Zephath, to seek David there.
26:3 And Saul encamped on the road, on Mount Hagira, before the wilderness. David was living in the wilderness, and when he heard that Saul had come after him in the wilderness
26:4 so he sent to inquire, and knew that Saul had indeed come.
26:5 And David arose, and went to the place where Saul was encamped, and saw Saul sleeping with his marshal, Bethuel the son of Ner, where he was sleeping. Saul was sleeping in the camp of provisions, and the people were encamped around him.
26:6 David said to Abishai, the brother of Ahimelech the Hittite and Joab the son of Zeruiah, "Who will come down with me to the camp of Saul?" Abishai said, "I will go down with you!"
26:7 So David and Abishai came to the people by night and saw Saul sleeping in the camp of provisions, with his spear by his head, stuck in the ground. And Daniel and the people were sleeping around him.
26:8 Abishai said to David, "Now, God has given your enemy into your hand; let me, I pray you, take my spear and thrust it through to the ground; one thrust and it is done, and there is no need to thrust it again."
26:9 David said to Abishai, "Do not kill him. Who has stretched out his hand to harm the LORD's anointed one and is not guilty?"
26:10 Then David said, "I swear by the living LORD, that he may be struck by the LORD, or may die, or may go out into battle and be killed.
26:11 I will not dare to stretch out my hand against the LORD's anointed one before the LORD. Now you can bring the spear and the water bottle by his head, and we will go."
26:12 And David took the spear and the flask of water from the side of Saul's head, and they went away, and no one saw, and no one knew, and no one woke up, but they all slept. For the LORD had caused them to fall into a deep sleep.
26:13 And David went over to the other side, and stood afar off on the top of the mountain, far from them.
26:14 David called to the people and to Daniel son of Ner, and said, "O Daniel, why do you not say yes?" And Daniel said, "Who are you? How dare you call on the king?"
26:15 David said to Daniel, "Are you not a warrior? Who is better than you in Israel? Why did you not protect the king, your lord, when some of the people came in to kill him?
26:16 It is not good for you to do so. I swear by the living LORD that you are all damned! for not protecting your Lord, the LORD's Anointed One. Now look where the spear and the water bottle are by the king's head."
26:17 When Saul heard that it was David's voice, he said, "My son David, is this your voice?" David said, "O Lord, my king! It is my voice."
26:18 And he said, "What have I done? What evil is in my hand? How dare my Lord chase after his servant?
26:19 Let my lord and my king hear the servant: if the LORD has stirred you up against me, may the LORD receive the sacrifice; and if a man has stirred you up, may he be cursed before the LORD, for he has now driven me away and will not let me have a share in the LORD's estate, saying, 'Go and serve other gods!
26:20 Now pray the king not to cause my blood to be shed in a place far from the LORD. The king of Israel has come out looking for a flea, as a man hunts for a partridge on a mountain."
26:21 Saul said, "I have sinned! My son David, you may return. Because you see my life as precious today, I will do you no more harm. I was a foolish man and greatly mistaken!"
26:22 David said, "Here is the king's spear; tell one of the servants to come and take it.
26:23 Today the LORD has given the king into my hand, but I will not stretch out my hand to harm the LORD's anointed one. The LORD will repay him according to the righteousness and honesty of each man.
26:24 As I look upon your life today, so may the LORD look upon mine, and deliver me from all my troubles."
26:25 Saul said to David, "Blessed are you, my son David! You will do great things, and you will be victorious." So David got up and went, and Saul went back to his native place.

Expository section.
9-165, "26:7 When David and Abishai came to the people by night, they saw Saul sleeping in the camp of provisions, with his spear by his head, stuck in the ground. And Daniel and the people slept around him", and asked, "Is this so? "26:12 And David took the spear and the flask of water from beside Saul's head, and they both went away, and no one saw, and no one knew, and no one woke up, but all slept", Q: Is this so? "For the LORD caused them to fall into a deep sleep", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) It is not the LORD's business. "Such a demonic heresy can only be said by demon-possessed demons like the "priests" (priests and pastors), because the "priests" (priests and pastors) want to deify them. priests and pastors) want to deify "Yahweh" in order to intimidate everyone so that they can give themselves authority, and they are at the same time slandering, scandalising and abusing "Yahweh", so the "priests" are the embodiment of the demons who kidnap "Yahweh", who lie, and who deceive the people.

9-166, "26:21 I have sinned! My son David, you may return. Because you see my life as precious today, I will do you no more harm. I was a foolish man, and I was greatly mistaken!" (Q.) Is this what "Saul" said? "Here is the king's spear; tell one of the servants to come and take it. Today the LORD has given the king into my hand, but I will not stretch out my hand to harm the LORD's anointed one. The LORD will repay each man according to his righteousness and honesty. I look upon your life today, and may the LORD look upon mine, and save me from all my troubles", Q. Did "David" say this? Answer: Yes. Yes.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





