The Bible Old Testament Book 9 1 Samuel True Commentary Chapter 14 The people save "Jonathan" from death
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) (1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests (the "Old Testament") as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you have You are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has become the father of a thief.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and later became a "Jewish classic", so do not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group. (5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not written by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 30 October 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

Original text in part.
14:1 One day Jonathan son of Saul said to the young men who had his weapons, "We might as well cross over to the other side, to the fortified camp of the Philistines." But he did not tell his father.
14:2 And Saul was sitting under the pomegranate tree of Mizraim at the end of Gibeah, and about six hundred men were following him.
14:3 And there was Ahijah the son of Ahithophel, clothed with Ephod. (Ahithophel was the brother of Ichabod, the son of Phinehas, and the grandson of Eli. Eli had been a priest of the LORD in Shiloh.) Jonathan went, but the people did not know.
14:4 Jonathan was going through the pass to the Philistine fortified camp. There was a peak on each side of the pass: one at Shechem and one at Sidney.
14:5 One peak was to the north, opposite Mizpah, and one peak was to the south, opposite Gaba.
14:6 And Jonathan said to the young men with weapons, "Let us not pass over to the fortified camp of the uncircumcised, or the LORD will do power for us, for the LORD gives victory, and cares not for the many or the few."
14:7 He who had the weapons said to him, "Do as you wish! You may go up, and I will follow you and be with you."
14:8 Jonathan said, "Let us go over to those people, so that they may see us.
14:9 If they say to us, 'Stand still until we come to you,' then we will stand still and not go to them.
14:10 If they say, 'Come up to us,' this word is proof for us, and we will go up, for the LORD has delivered them into our hands."
14:11 Then the two men caused the Philistine defenders to see them. The Philistines said, "The Hebrews have come out of the cave where they were hidden."
14:12 The defenders said to Jonathan and the men with the weapons, "Come up here, and we will show you one thing." Then Jonathan said to the man with the weapons, "Follow me up, for the LORD has delivered them into the hands of the Israelites."
14:13 So Jonathan climbed up, and the men with the weapons followed him. Jonathan killed the Philistines, and the men of war followed him, killing them.
14:14 And those whom Jonathan and the men with weapons killed at first were about twenty men, all within half a furrow of an acre of land.
14:15 Then there was trembling in the camp, and in the field, and among the people, and trembling among the defenders and the plunderers, and the earth shook, and the trembling was great.
14:16 At Gibeah in Benjamin, Saul's watchmen saw the Philistine army scattered and scattered in all directions.
14:17 Then Saul said to the people who followed him, "Search and find out who it is that has gone out from us?" And when they had done so, they knew that Jonathan and the men with the weapons were not here.
14:18 At that time the ark of the covenant of God was with the Israelites. Saul said to Ahijah, "You have brought the ark of the covenant of God."
14:19 While Saul was talking to the priests, the noise in the Philistine camp grew louder and louder. So Saul said to the priests, "Stop!"
14:20 And Saul and all those who followed him gathered together and came to the battlefield, and saw the Philistines striking each other with their swords, in great disorder.
14:21 The Hebrews, who had come from the four quarters to follow the Philistine army, now also turned to help the Israelites who were following Saul and Jonathan.
14:22 When the Israelites, who were hiding in the hill country of Ephraim, heard that the Philistines were fleeing, they came out in hot pursuit of them.
14:23 On that day the LORD gave victory to the Israelites, and they fought as far as Beth-aven.
14:24 And Saul made the people swear, saying, "Cursed is everyone who does not wait until the evening to eat something after he has avenged himself on his enemies." So on that day the people did not eat anything, and they were extremely weary.
14:25 And the people went into the wood, and saw honey on the ground.
14:26 When they entered the wood, they saw honey flowing down, but no one dared to take it with his hand and enter, for they were afraid of the oath.
14:27 Jonathan did not hear his father telling the people to swear, so he stretched out his staff in his hand, dipped the end of it in the beehive, and turned his hand and put it into his mouth, and his eyes were brightened.
14:28 One of the people said to him, "Your father has told the people to swear sternly that they will be cursed if they eat anything today. Therefore the people became weary."
14:29 Jonathan said, "My father has brought you down with him. Look, I tasted this little bit of honey, and my eyes were brightened.
14:30 If the people today eat at will what they have taken from their enemies, will not more Philistines be struck down?"
14:31 On that day the Israelites struck and killed the Philistines, from Michal as far as Acheron. The people were very weary, and
14:32 so they hastened to slaughter the sheep and the oxen and the calves that they had taken on the ground, and ate the meat while it was still bloody.
14:33 Some told Saul, "The people have sinned against the LORD by eating the flesh with blood on it." And Saul said, "You have sinned, and today you will roll the great stone to me."
14:34 Then Saul said, "Scatter yourselves among the people and say to them, 'Bring me each of you the oxen and the sheep and slaughter them and eat them; do not sin against the LORD by eating meat with blood.'" That night the people took the cattle and sheep and brought them there and slaughtered them.
14:35 And Saul built an altar for the LORD, which he had built for the first time for the LORD.
14:36 And Saul said, "Why don't we go down by night and pursue the Philistines, and plunder them until morning, and not leave them alone?" And the people said, "Go and do as you see fit!" The priests said, "Let us first draw near to God."
14:37 Saul asked God, "Is it all right for me to go down after the Philistines? Will you give them into the hands of the Israelites or not?" God did not answer him on this day.
14:38 Saul said, "Come up here, all you elders of the people, and find out who has sinned today.
14:39 I swear by the LORD, who saves Israel from eternal life, that even if my son Jonathan has sinned, he will die." But no one among the people answered him.
14:40 Then Saul said to all Israel, "Stand aside, and I with Jonathan my son." And the people said to Saul, "Go and do as you see fit!"
14:41 Saul prayed to the LORD God of Israel, saying, "Please show me the truth." So he drew a sign and brought forth Saul and Jonathan, and all the people were all right.
14:42 Saul said, "Draw again, and see that it is I and Jonathan my son." And he drew out Jonathan.
14:43 Saul said to Jonathan, "Tell me, what have you done?" Jonathan said, "I have indeed tasted a little honey with the staff in my hand, and dipped the tip of it in it. Do I die in this way?"
14:44 Saul said, "O Jonathan, you must die! If not, may God punish me severely."
14:45 The people said to Saul, "How can Jonathan die, when he has done such a great work of salvation among the Israelites? Absolutely not! We swear by the living LORD that not even a hair of his head shall fall to the ground, for he is working with God today." So the people saved Jonathan from death.
14:46 Saul went back and did not pursue the Philistines, and the Philistines went back to their land.
14:47 And Saul reigned over Israel, and used to attack all his enemies round about him, the Moabites, the Ammonites, the Edomites and the kings of Zobah, not the Philistines. Wherever he went, he defeated his enemies.
14:48 Saul fought bravely against the Amalekites, and saved the Israelites from the hand of those who had robbed them.
14:49 And Saul's sons were Jonathan, Yishweh, and Melchishua, and his two daughters: the first daughter's name was Milah, and the second daughter's name was Michal.
14:50 And the name of Saul's wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of Ahimaaz. And the name of Saul's marshal was Bethel, the son of Ner; and Ner was Saul's uncle.
14:51 And Kish, Saul's father, and Ner, the father of Reuel, were sons of Abel.
14:52 And Saul was always at great war with the Philistines in his life. When Saul met a man of power or a warrior, he recruited him to follow him.

Explanatory section.
9-64, 14:1 Jonathan, Saul's son, said to the young men who had his weapons, "We might as well go over to the other side, to the fortified camp of the Philistines." But he did not tell his father, asking, Is that so? Answer: out of espousal of the image, so he pretended not to know.
9-65, "14:12 Follow me up, for the LORD has delivered them into the hands of the Israelites", was this what Jonathan then said to the men with the weapons? Answer: Yes.
9-66. "14:14 And those whom Jonathan and the men of war began to kill were about twenty men, all within half a furrow of an acre of land", Q: Is that right? Answer: Yes.
9-67, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "14:6 But they relied on God, knowing full well that the enemy, though many in number, could not restrain God from working his mighty help. God valued the faith and valor of these two men and gave them a great victory". Answer: This is what the writer, the "priest", thought.
9-68, "14:16 At Gibeah in Benjamin, Saul's watchmen saw the Philistine army scattered and scattered in all directions", Q: Is this true? Answer: Yes.
9-69, 14:18 And Saul said to Ahijah, "You have brought the ark of the covenant of God", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-70, "4:20 And Saul and all those who followed him gathered together and came to the battlefield and saw the Philistines striking each other with the sword and in great disorder", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

9-71, "14:21 The Hebrews who had come from the four quarters to follow the Philistine army now also turned to help the Israelites who were following Saul and Jonathan", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-72, 14:24 And Saul made the people swear, saying, "Cursed is everyone who does not wait until the evening to finish avenging himself on his enemies and eat something". Answer: Yes.
9-73, "14:26 And they went into the wood, and saw honey flowing down, but no one dared to take it with his hand, for they were afraid of the oath", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-74, "14:27 And Jonathan did not hear his father telling the people to swear, so he stretched out his staff in his hand, and dipped the end of it in the beehive, and turned his hand and sent it into his mouth, and his eyes were brightened", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-75. "14:32 Then he hastened to slaughter the oxen and the sheep and the calves which he had taken on the ground, and ate them with the flesh still bloody", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.

1 Samuel 14 (33) It is a sin to eat flesh, for animals are brothers and sisters of man, all made by the mother of God.
9-76, "14:33 And it was told Saul, saying, The people have sinned against the LORD by eating flesh with blood" (It is a sin to eat blood, for blood represents life, and life belongs to God): (1) Blood cannot leave the containment and protection of flesh; if blood is not contained and protected by flesh, there is no blood. The blood provides nourishment for the flesh, and the flesh grows. The blood and the flesh are "mother and child", the blood represents life and the flesh represents life. Without flesh and blood, there is no life, and flesh and blood are the essential characteristics of life. (2) The LORD said in Genesis 4:10 "What have you done? The blood of your brother has a voice that cries out to me from the ground." It does not mean that "the blood represents life", but that "the seven spirits of man" are in the blood. (3) The LORD deliberately said "blood represents life" to see if you know the relationship between "blood and flesh" and to see if you are wise. If you think that "blood represents life and meat has no life, so you can eat meat", then you have become a meat-eating devil "of Satan's time". Those who like to eat flesh and drink blood are beasts of prey. (4) The use of animals as "sacrificial" offerings in Judaism is in accordance with the wishes of the "wolf spirit" who manipulated "Moses" into making the rules, and inherited the wolf's style and inclination to eat meat. All the Israelites were misled by the "priest-devil" and exposed the evil side of human nature.
9-77, "14:34 Bring me your oxen and your sheep and slaughter them, and do not sin against the LORD by eating flesh with blood", Q. Did Saul say this? Answer: Yes.

9-78, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "14:35-36 During his reign he sought God only when he was at the end of his rope, in sharp contrast to the priests, who advocated that one should ask God beforehand in all matters". This is an indication that the person who wrote the book was biased towards the "priests", for the author was a "priest" himself, and that the king took away the supremacy of the "priests", is that right? Answer: Yes.
9-79, [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version":] "14:35-36 Let us call upon God first, and not wait until we are exhausted before we think of him": (1) This was said by the devil, through the mouth of the "priests (1) This is the devil's word, spoken by the devil through the mouth of the "priests". Only when someone "asks God" does the priest have something to do, and only then does he have the authority to compel people. If there were no one to "call on God", the "priests" would be jobless. (2) This also shows that the wise king and the "priests" were in opposition and in conflict. (3) Jehovah did not just make people "ask God", but made them God. Jehovah told Jesus to overthrow the Jewish devilish group, and through the Book of Revelation he told everyone "the infallible way to make Christians into Christ". Read the book of Revelation and you will see.

14:36 "And Saul said, Let us go down by night after the Philistines, and plunder them until morning, and leave none of them behind. And the people said, Go and do as you see fit! And the priests said, Let us first draw near to God." (1) The priests were displeased to hear, "Go and do as you see fit," seeing that "Saul" had established his own prestige, and "the priests said, Let us first draw near to God," and thus The priests said, "Let us first draw near to God", and thus "slackened the heart of the army that was pursuing the victory", indicating that the "priests" were responsible for disturbing the army's heart. (2) As a result of the "priests"' compulsion, Saul missed the opportunity to expand the battle.
9-80, 14:37 Saul asked God, "May I go down after the Philistines? Will you deliver them into the hands of the Israelites or not?" (1) God (the priest) did not answer him on this day because the "priest" did not want "Saul" to have a greater victory or prestige in the crowd, not at all because he did not "approach God first (2) "Ask God". (2) It was only the "priests" who "asked God"; a king like "Saul" would not have "asked God". (2) The only people who could "ask God" were the "priests". "Saul knew that he could or could not go after the Philistines.

9-81, "14:38 And Saul said, "Come up here, all you elders of the people, and find out who has sinned this day": (1) Because "God has not answered him this day"? Because the "priests" did not want Saul to have a greater victory, and because the "priests" did not answer, and because "God was not pleased"? "Does this not mean that the "priest" was an unforgivable devil? (2) This only makes us more disgusted with "Jehovah" as a dictator.
9-82, "14:40 Then Saul said to all Israel, "Stand aside, I and Jonathan my son, on one side". Answer: Yes.
9-83, "14:44 And Saul said, "O Jonathan, you shall surely die! If not, may God punish me severely", Q: Did Saul say this? "The people saved Jonathan from death"? Answer: He said it, and the people saved him.
9-84, (1) "14:47 And Saul reigned over Israel, and he used to attack all his enemies round about him, the Moabites, the Ammonites, the Edomites, and the kings of Zobah, not the Rishis. Wherever he went, he defeated his enemies", Q. Is this true? (2) "14:48 Saul fought bravely against the Amalekites and saved the Israelites from the hand of those who had robbed them", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-85, "14:52 When Saul met a man of power or a warrior, he recruited them to follow him": (1) This shows that "Saul" was a wise king. The "priests" could no longer deceive people. (2) The "priests" who could not compel people to follow them and those who were with the "priests" (priests and priests) would slander and hate a wise man like "Saul".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 March 2017 Edited 31 October 2017 in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province
, 





