The Old Testament 10th Psalm 2 Samuel True Explanation of the judgment of the demon king who slandered "David" Description
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(1) "Jesus Christ" was "crucified" by the Jewish group for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era". The "crucifixion" of the Jewish group for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" and opening the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish group is a demonic group. The inclusion of the Jewish classic Old Testament in the Christian Bible is a "textbook and touchstone" for Christians to open their eyes to Christ. (2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and we find out through our study of the Old Testament why Jesus rebuked the Jewish priests as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame".
(3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father. (4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis and knew what the "teaching of Yahweh" was that he launched his attack on the Jewish group.
(5) Once the book of Genesis is understood, the whole Old Testament becomes clear. If one does not understand Genesis, one becomes a Judaizer and a lackey of "Satan's time". (6) It is difficult to read Genesis directly from the beginning, but if one understands the book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron", then it is much easier to read Genesis. It is much easier to look at Genesis and see which passages in the New Testament were added by the devil's group and not by the "disciples of Jesus", because the devil's group added the same farce and tone as the "Jewish priests" in the Old Testament.
(7) 1 Samuel 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men, and did not know the Lord. 2:34 (Eli) Let what has happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, be a proof to you: they shall both die together one day. 8:1 When Samuel was old, he made his son a teacher of Israel. 8:3 His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for gain, and took bribes, and abused righteousness. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." 8:6 Samuel was not pleased with their saying, "Make a king over us," and he prayed to the LORD. 8:19 The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king over us, 8:20 so that we may be like the nations, with a king over us, ruling over us and fighting for us. warfare." (8) "Samuel" was the priest who lost the crown of the Jewish "pope of church and state", and from "Samuel" onwards the Jews had their first king, after which The conflict between "kings and priests" followed Israel throughout. (9) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (9) In "Old Testament" times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "priests" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences. (10) We can see in the Old Testament that the kings were all puppets of the "priests to promote edification", and that the kings were also guilty of some disgraceful acts, which were all false accusations and insults used by the "priests" to vent their "hatred for the seizure of power" against the kings. These were the false accusations and insults of the "priests" who were venting their "hatred of power" against the king. The Psalms and Proverbs in the Old Testament were all written by "priests", but with the addition of the names "David and Solomon". Such cases abound.
Li Huaizhu 5 November 2017 at Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei]

I. Explanatory note: Some of the quotes below are from the original text of the Bible, and some are from the "spiritual version" of the explanation. The answers are basically those of my disciple, Yuan Mingdi Zi (Yuan Jishun), and the more detailed parts of the explanation are edited by me.
Summary: "Both David and the people of Israel sinned" because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king of Israel without the approval of the "priests") they let the "kingship (The elders of Israel anointed David as king over Israel without the approval of the "priests") and let the "kingship" replace the "unity of church and state" of the priests, so that in the eyes of the "priests and Satan" "David and the people of Israel sinned". (2) The "priests" would not tolerate the fact that "every king" would place the security of his nation on military power and economic prosperity rather than on God. (3) The "priests and Satan" punished their whole tribe through David because (the elders of Israel anointed David as king of Israel without the approval of the "priests"), allowing the "kingship" to replace the "priesthood". The "kingly system" replaced the "unity of church and state" of the priests. (4) David "became" a representative of the pride of the whole nation because David replaced the "priests" with his own personality as the leader of Israel. Hence the slander and abuse of David by the "priests" (preachers) in this article.
(5) The "priests" (Jewish preachers) mentioned in this article were all criminals in hell, for they slandered and slandered people under the guise of "Jehovah", and their names were: "Abinadab "Abinadab" and his two sons "Uzzah and Ahijah", Nadab, Zadok and Gad.

3. The Old Testament 2 Samuel: 1. 5:3 And all the elders of Israel came to Hebron to see King David, and David made a covenant with them before the Lord in Hebron, and they anointed David to be king over Israel. [Note: The "priesthood" had been unpopular for a long time, resulting in "democracy", and the "priests" were certainly resentful of the king's "seizure of power The "priests" of course resented the king's "seizure of power."]
2. 6:3 They carried the ark of the covenant out of Abinadab's house on the hill and put it on a new cart. "The two sons of Abinadab, Uzzah and Ahijah, drove the new chariot. [Illustration: The succession of "priests" is the opposite of "no kin in heaven", there is no righteousness or justice in the world.
3. 6:6-7 When he came to the harvest field at Nabon, because the ox had lost its hoof, Uzzah reached out and took hold of the ark of the covenant of God. The Lord of God was angry with Uzzah and struck him dead for this mistake, and he died by the ark of the covenant. [Illustration: The "priests" framed God for their mistake in order to make people fear God and listen to their "priests"].
4. 7:4-5 That night the word of the LORD came to Nathan, saying, "Go and tell my servant David, 'Thus says the LORD'. [Note: The "priests" who came before and after him were compelling and blackmailing the king and deceiving him.
5. 11:2-3 And it came to pass on a day when the sun was flat in the west, that David rose from his bed and promenaded on the flat roof of the king's palace, and saw a woman bathing, and her appearance was beautiful. So David sent for someone to inquire who the woman was. They said, "She is Bathsheba the wife of Uriah the Hittite, the daughter of Eliam. [Note: (1) Could you see a woman bathing in the courtyard on the flat roof of the palace when the sun was flat in the west? Can you see the "beautiful face"? Did all the Israelites have "walls" in their homes at that time? Even if there were "walls", would nudes be bathed in broad daylight? (2) A normal person with a little bit of thinking would have known that this was a lie used by the "priests" to slander and defame "David". There was no such thing as "Uriah and Bathsheba"].
6. 11:4 David sent for the woman and brought her to him. It was then that she was cleansed from menstruation. (She was Bathsheba, the wife of Uriah the Hittite, the daughter of Eliam.) When she came, David took her into his room, and she went home. [Note: This is a lie by the "priests" to scandalize, slander and abuse "David".

7. 12:15 Then Nathan went home. The LORD struck the child born to David by Uriah's wife, and made him seriously ill. (1) Nathan, the priest, told the LORD to kill the child born to David by Uriah's wife because Bathsheba's husband was away on official business. (1) The priest "Nathan" told "Jehovah" to kill "the child born to David by Uriah's wife" because "Bathsheba's" husband was away on official business and it was not lawful for David to "commit adultery and have a son"; instead of punishing the culprit "David", "Jehovah" killed The "LORD" did not punish the culprit "David" but killed the "illegitimate son". (2) This is the devil abusing the LORD for his injustice! Instead, "Nathan the priest" became a figure of justice and righteousness, and this was a farce of the devil's "concealment".
8. 12:24 And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and slept with her. And she gave birth to a son, and called his name Solomon. And the LORD loved him, and gave him a name, Jedidiah, through Nathan the prophet, because the LORD loved him. [Note: (1) David was allowed to "use his power for personal gain" to kill "Uriah", a loyal servant to his country, and to take "Uriah's" wife, so that the new child would be a legitimate "prince". The child was a legitimate "prince". "The Lord also loved the prince and gave him a name called Jedidiah". (2) This is the event that led the devil to call David and Jehovah out through Nathan! This is the Jewish "prophet" priest, the preacher! (3) "Solomon" was born of "Ashkenazim" a Jezreelite].
9, 21:1 And there was a famine in the days of David, three years in a row, and David asked the LORD. And the LORD said, "This famine is because of Saul and his house of blood, which killed the Gibeonites. (1) "Saul" was a former king. How could he have been punished for killing himself, and how could he be punished for David and the people? Such a lie would have been believed by the "priests" simply because they were "servants of the LORD". (2) Can "Western science" admit that the "Gibeonites" killed seven descendants of "Saul" and relieved the "famine"? (2) Can "Western science" admit this? (3) The real reason for this lie and the killing of the seven descendants of Saul was that Saul had offended the priest Samuel, and the succeeding "priests" had to pay for the death of Saul's descendants. Saul had offended the priest Samuel, and all the subsequent "priests" wanted to avenge Samuel's death. The "priests" were really the personification of the devil who eats people.

10. 22:1 And he recited this psalm to the LORD on the day when he delivered David from all his enemies and from the hand of Saul. [Note: David did not write this poem, it was written by a "priest" (Jewish preacher) of about 40 years of age, inspired by a 20,000 year old black dragon. The "priests" (missionaries) imposed it on David. David knew it was his own decision making decisiveness that decided his fate].
11, 22:9-12 And smoke came up from his nostrils, and fire burned from his mouth, and even coals were burned. And he caused the heavens to fall, and he himself descended, and a black cloud was under his feet. He flew on the cherubim, and appeared on the wings of the wind. He made the darkness and the gathering waters and the thick clouds of the sky his palace around him. [Note: Doesn't this portray "Yahweh" as a demon? What kind of demon is this psalm written by? Answer: (1) It is a psalm written by a 20,000 year old black dragon who asked the "priests" (missionaries) to write it. (2) Westerners only know about "relativity", but do not know that "relativity" is actually the Chinese "theory of yin and yang". Westerners do not know that the "black clouds, darkness and gathering water, and thick clouds in the sky" of the feminine nature are all images of "Satanic demons" which are the opposite of "Gods and Buddhas", so they do not have No one in the West without a "discerning eye" would have thought that this was the devil "painting" himself. "Satanic devices like this abound in "Lamaism", which depicts animals as demons after they have become spirit.
12. 23:15-17 "David was thirsty and said, "I wish someone would bring me water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem to drink. So the three warriors broke through the camp of the Philistines and drew water from the well by the gate of Bethlehem, and brought it to David. But he refused to drink it, and laid it down before the LORD, saying, "O LORD, these three men have risked death to draw water, and the water is like their blood; I dare not drink it. [Note: (1) This is the "priest" calling David crazy. (2) "David", if you are afraid to drink, why did you ask these three men to go there to draw water from the well? Aren't you being "hypocritical"? (3) "David and Jehovah" are both tools used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) to promote their "divine powers and access to God". The "kings of the ages and Jehovah" were used by the "priests" (Jewish preachers) as a tool to promote their "divine power and access to God". Without these two "tools", the "priests" (Jewish preachers) were worthless rogues, reviled by everyone, and no one would fear them at all.
13. 24:11-12 And when David arose in the morning, the word of the LORD came to Gad the prophet, David's foresight, saying, Go and tell David, saying, Thus says the LORD: I have three plagues; choose one of them, that I may send it to you. [Note: The "priests" were demonic men who were possessed by the devil and spoke mean and evil words].
14, 24:25 David built an altar there for the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD listened to what the nation asked, and the plague was stopped among the Israelites. [Note: Do you see what I mean? The "priests" kidnapped the "LORD and the king" and made the "LORD and the king" the puppet of the "priests" to do their job. The "priests" kidnap "Jehovah and the king" and make "Jehovah and the king" the puppets of the "priests" for the purpose of being "pope.

4. How many years ago was the book of 2 Samuel written? How old was the author? What did he do for a living? Answer: 860 years ago. 50 years old. He was a "priest" in charge of the law.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 March 2017 Edited 5 November 2017 by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei





