The Bible Old Testament 1 Genesis 12 The Garden of Eden before Adam and Eve
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Exposition of Genesis, Chapter 12 The promise that all nations would be blessed through Abram (12:1-10)
1. "12:1 And the LORD said to Abram, "Leave your land, your tribe and your father's house, and go to the land that I will show you": (1) This is a hint from the LORD that we should not be wrapped up in our ways, that we should not stay put, that we should overcome laziness and the barriers of knowledge (that which we do not learn and do not understand), that we should not revel in familiar circles, but be bold enough to go into unfamiliar We must be brave enough to go into unfamiliar territory and accept the challenge of new things. (2) Only in this way can we broaden our horizons, grow in insight, gain experience, achieve perfection of character and fulfil the mission of life given to us by the LORD. (3) This is the LORD's "test" for Christians to "have delusions of grandeur" and to see if Christians know not to listen to them, but to lead themselves. If you obey the LORD's commands, you will slowly become dependent on the LORD, and when you are dependent, obedient, and follow "the LORD's instructions" in everything, you will become a "servant of the LORD", and you will not be "Christ". Christ", and you will be abandoned by the LORD and become a slave of Satan.

2. "12:2 I will make you a great nation. I will bless you and make your name great, and you shall bless others": (1) The premise of "I will make you a great nation" is: "You shall leave your land, your tribe and your father's house, and go to the land that I will show you". If you do not have rich experience, great courage, and great wisdom to know right from wrong, and are a frog at the bottom of the well who praises himself and destroys others, who is ignorant, who is blinded by a leaf, and who sits in a well, "I will not make you a great nation". (2) You cannot "become a great nation" if you do not have the great blessings that come from great virtue. I will bless you if you have the merits that come from your own good deeds. If you do not have the merit that comes from practical good deeds, "I will not be able to bless you". For "blessing" is the reward that the LORD gives to those who have done tangible good deeds. (3) When Abel offered "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" as an offering to the LORD, the devil was slandering and insulting "the LORD, who gives life, who does not eat, who does not eat meat". Therefore, "Cain" killed his brother "Abel". 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him", a sign that the righteous man "Cain" had been "blessed" by the LORD. (4) You have challenged yourself in many unfamiliar areas, you have seen many places, you have done many acts of righteousness, you have accumulated many virtues arising from good deeds, and in this way you are not ordinary people, "your name is great", because you have done many things that ordinary people have not done, and you have achieved a high image of your own personality. (5) When you have accumulated a lot of merit and virtue from your own good deeds, you will be able to "help the weak and the poor", and you will be able to let others receive your help, that is, "to make others blessed". If you do not have the courage to do what is righteous and the merit to do what is good, you are not a person of great blessing, and you cannot "make others blessed". (5) These "promises" of the LORD are indicative of delusional thinking. If you believe them, you will become a "servant of the LORD" and your humanity will slowly disappear, giving rise to the demonic nature of ignorance and ignorance. Satan.]

3. "12:3 He who blesses you, I will bless him; and he who curses you, I will curse him. All the tribes of the earth will be blessed through you": (1) You are a righteous man who "sees righteousness, gives himself up for others, and removes evil spirits" in order to have "blessings for you". If you are a selfish, self-serving, destructive and deceitful devil, you will not have "blessings for you". (2) Under the guise of Christianity, you do not allow Christians to become Christians, but instead you make them "sing hymns and prayers and do charity work", you are a self-serving, despotic, deceitful devil under the guise of the LORD. The "blessings for you" are all "of Satan's time". (3) You are a righteous man who is "courageous, self-sacrificing, and a peacemaker", and "those who curse you" are "unrighteous men and devils", and the LORD will curse him, for all righteous men are Christ (the Son of God). The Lord will curse him, for the righteous are Christ (the Son of God). (4) You are a righteous man, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed through you. You are an "unrighteous man and a devil", and all the nations of the earth will be cursed because of you.

12:4 So Abram went, as the LORD had commanded him, and Lot went with him. Abram was seventy-five years old when he went out of Haran.
12:5 And Abram took Sarai his wife and Lot his nephew, with all the goods they had laid up in Haran, and all the people they had gained, and took them to the land of Canaan. And they came to the land of Canaan.

6. "12:6 And Abram passed through the land, and came to the oak of Moreh in the land of Shechem. At that time the Canaanites lived in the land": (1) "Morley" means "teacher". The ancient Jewish translators translated it into the Greek word hupselen, which means "exalted". It is implied that Abram was to receive the "teaching" of God here. (2) When he arrived at Shechem, a place where there were several oaks, Abram received the "teaching" of the Lord.

7. "12:7 And the LORD appeared to Abram and said, "I will give this land to your descendants. So Abram built an altar there for the LORD who appeared to him": (1) "I will give this land to your descendants" is a "test" from the LORD to see if Abram had any greed for property, any selfishness in leaving property to his descendants. This was a test of Yahweh's "test" to see if Abram had any greed for property and any selfishness in leaving it to his descendants. (2) An "altar" was a high platform of earth and stone used in ancient times for ceremonies such as sacrifices and vows. It is a metaphor for a high and glorious image. (3) Abram did not build an "altar of earth and stone" there for Yahweh who appeared to him, but he built a high and glorious image of Yahweh for himself by His teaching, for Abram declined Yahweh's "good offer" to "give the land to his descendants". "This shows that Abram had "no greed for property, no selfishness to leave it to his descendants", and was thus praised by the Lord. (4) The fact that Abram really built a "high platform of earth and stone" for Yahweh who appeared to him there means that he became "a servant of Yahweh" and his humanity would slowly die out and he would develop a demonic nature of ignorance and ignorance. He will then become a Satan who will confuse people under the guise of Jehovah, because he does not have the "yardstick and consciousness" to identify whether "Jehovah" is true or false, and he does not have the "yardstick and consciousness" to distinguish between "Jehovah and Satan". He does not have the "ruler and consciousness" to distinguish between "Yahweh" and "Satan."]

8. "12:8 And from there he moved to the mountain east of Bethel and pitched his tent. To the west was Bethel, and to the east was Ai. And there he built an altar to the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD": (1) There was a "literal barrier, a test question, a refrain" from the LORD. (2) Abram, because he did not "call on the name of the LORD", did not depend on the LORD, had his own principles and thoughts in everything, did things soberly and sensibly, never "called on the LORD" to satisfy his thirst, and had the realm of Christ (the Son of God), and therefore "there he built another altar to the LORD", and he demonstrated the essence of the LORD's edification. (3) Abram "sought the name of the LORD", relied on the LORD, did not have his own principles and thinking in everything, could not do things soberly and sensibly, "sought the LORD" in order to satisfy his thirst, did not have the realm of Christ (the Son of God), had a servile He had no realm of Christ (the Son of God) and was a slave, so that "there he built another altar to the LORD", showing that Satan was promoting satanic indoctrination under the guise of the LORD.
12:9 Then Abram gradually moved on to the southern land.

True Exposition of Genesis 12 Abram went down to Egypt because of famine suggesting an earlier Garden of Eden in Egypt (12:10-17)
10. "12:10 And there was a famine in the land. Because the famine was so great, Abram went down to Egypt to dwell there temporarily": (1) This indicates that there was also a Garden of Eden at the Nile in Egypt. This is the Garden of Eden of the "second river called Kishon". (2) If the Nile did not have a Garden of Eden, if the Nile did not have a Garden of Eden that predated "Adam and Eve", there would have been no Egypt and Abram would not have been able to go down to Egypt to escape the "famine".

12:11 When he was near Egypt, he said to his wife Sarai, "I know that you are a woman of good looks.
12. "12:12 When the Egyptians see you, they will say, "This is his wife, and they will kill me, but you will live": (1) "They will kill me", Abram feared that the Egyptians would kill him to possess his beautiful wife. (2) "But that you may live", because you are a beautiful woman, and any man would want to make you their wife. (3) The Egyptian Eden civilization was much more mature and powerful than the Eden of Adam and Eve, which gave Abram such a "fearful state of mind".

13. "12:13 Say, Thou art my sister, that I may have peace through thee, and that my life may live through thee": (1) In order to dispel the Egyptians' jealousy of him and to save his life, Abram begged his wife to tell the outsiders that you are my sister and that I am not your husband. This is Abram deceiving the whole Egyptian people with a lie! (2) So that the Egyptians would not be jealous of Abram, and so that "through you I may have peace, and my life may live through you". (3) This was a lie and a deception on Abram's part, a sign of his lack of blood and courage, a sign of his lack of husbandly spirit and his inability to take responsibility, a sign of Abram's living on the sidelines.

12:14 And when Abram came to Egypt, the Egyptians saw that the woman was extremely beautiful.
15. "12:15 When Pharaoh's ministers saw her, they praised her in front of Pharaoh. And the woman was taken into Pharaoh's palace": (1) While Abram, the descendants of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, were still "nomadic", there was a nation like Egypt in the Garden of Eden on the Nile (Kishon River). (2) The Pharaoh of Egypt had a "vizier", which means that the Pharaoh of Egypt was already ruling the country with a "vizier". This shows that the Garden of Eden of Adam and Eve was not the only place in the world where people lived. (3) This means that the Lord created man in many gardens of Eden.

16. "12:16 And Pharaoh treated Abram well because of the woman, and Abram received many cattle and sheep, camels, male and female donkeys, and maidservants": (1) Abram did not work for himself, but simply "took his wife as his sister; and she was taken into Pharaoh's palace (1) Abram did not fight on his own; he got many sheep, cattle, camels, donkeys, donkeys and maidservants by simply "treating his wife as his sister; she was taken to Pharaoh's palace". (2) Is this an indication of Abram's incompetence? Or does it show that Abram was capable? (3) This was a lie and a vile and shameless way to blackmail the king, a mean and fraudulent way to take advantage of Pharaoh by trickery. (4) These possessions that Abram received were a blasphemy and a slander against men. It is a disgrace to true manhood!

17. "12:17 The LORD sent a great plague on Pharaoh and his whole house because of Sarai, Abram's wife": (1) The LORD sent a great plague on Pharaoh and his whole house because Sarai, Abram's wife, was "brought into Pharaoh's palace", because he had done "the sin of leaning on the strong and attempting to possess another man's wife". (2) Then Sarai, Abram's wife, spoke the truth to Pharaoh, telling him that she was Abram's wife and not Abram's sister.

Genesis 12 Pharaoh rebukes Abram (12:18-20)
12:18 Then Pharaoh summoned Abram and said, "What is this you have done to me? Why did you not tell me that she was your wife?
19. "12:19 Why did you say that she was your sister, so that I took her to be my wife? Now that your wife is here, you can take her away!" : (1) Why did you not tell the truth, why did you tell a lie, saying that your wife was your sister? (2) You have deceived all of us in Egypt, so that I have taken her to be my wife. This is a sin of deception on your part, and you deserve to be killed. (3) We Egyptians forgive you, a liar who hides from famine, so that you may know what the mercy of a great nation is. Now your wife is here and you can take her away. Do not lie and deceive in the future, but be a good person who does not lie.

20. "12:20 Then Pharaoh commanded that Abram and his wife and all that he had be sent away": (1) The rich and powerful Egyptian Pharaoh forgave Abram's lies and did not "bully" him, let alone rape his wife by relying on his power. This shows that Egypt was highly civilized. (2) The Garden of Eden on the Nile (River Kishon) established a rich and prosperous Egypt under the leadership of Pharaoh, with such a magnanimous Pharaoh who overcame his selfish desires as king, which was not found in the Garden of Eden of "Adam and Eve", which shows that the civilization of the Garden of Eden on the Nile (River Kishon) in Egypt was more civilized than that of "Adam and Eve". This means that the Eden civilization of the Nile (River Kishon) in Egypt was much older and more mature than the Eden of Adam and Eve.

(1) From here on, the Lord shows the world through the man "Abram" what the "Jewish priests" were like after being possessed by Satan, and what Satan's spokesman was like. (2) Do not follow the example of the "prophets of the Lord" in the Old Testament, who were "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" whom Jesus rebuked. (3) When you discover that the words and deeds of the "prophets of the LORD" are the devil's farce, you become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire"].

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 20 Aug 2017 21:33 21:40am Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Shankou Town, Longyao County, Hebei Province


 ()



