The Christian Apocalypse The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation: The Bible The Trial of Samuel in the 9th book of the Old Testament The True Exposition of the Book of Samuel 1
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Note: I. Some of the quotations below are from the original text of the Bible, and some are from the "spiritual version" of the explanation. The answers are basically those of my disciple, Yuan Mingdi Zi (Yuan Jishun), and the more detailed parts of the explanation are edited by me.
Summary: 1. This article mentions "Eli and Samuel", two Jewish "priests". "Eli's two sons were wicked men who did not know the LORD; Samuel's sons did not practice his ways, were greedy for wealth and profit, took bribes, and abused righteousness", showing that "Eli and Samuel" were both demonic kings of Judaism. "2. This article mentions the life of Saul, the first king of Israel, and his successor, the early David.

3. The classic lines of the Old Testament 1 Samuel: 1. 2:12 The two sons of Eli were wicked men who did not know the LORD. (There were no good men in the house of the "priests", but all were demons who sinned through God.
2. 4:11 And the ark of the covenant of God was taken away, and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were killed. (Blasphemy against "Jehovah" and demagoguery brought about retribution.
3. 8:1-3 When Samuel was old, he made his sons teachers of Israel. The first son's name was Joel, and the second son's name was Abiathar, and they were teachers in Beersheba. His sons did not practice his ways, but were covetous of wealth, and took bribes, and perverted righteousness. (As long as the "priests" (preachers) drink wine and eat meat, they are the embodiment of a mean and cruel devil.
4. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, and said to him, "You are old, and your son does not walk in your ways. Now make for us a king to rule over us, like the nations." (The "priests" of Judaism were notoriously hated and feared by the common people.
5. 12:1 And Samuel said to all Israel, "I have granted you what you have asked of me, and have made for you a king. (It was compelled by public opinion.)
6, 15:11 "I made Saul king, and I regretted it, because he turned away and did not follow me, and did not keep my commandments." Then Samuel was greatly distressed, and cried to the LORD all the night. (The true nature of the devil. This is why all the "priests" (preachers) bewitch kings with lies and scandalize them with words.)
7. 15:35 Samuel did not see Saul again until the day of his death, but Samuel grieved for Saul because the LORD regretted making him king over Israel. (The "regret" was because it was not his intention, but was forced by the people.
8. 31:6 And Saul died with his three sons, with those who took his weapons, and with those who followed him.

I have spent a great deal of time studying this text verse by verse, and as I was about to finish my examination of 2 Samuel in the Old Testament, I had the following reflections on the phrase "Samuel was the last of the teachers of Israel, the first priest and prophet of the king's time, and a model for all the teachers of the people": (1) (1) "Samuel was the last of the teachers of Israel", which means that before "Samuel" Israel was ruled by a "papal" form of government, that is to say, a "church and state" political system. The political system of "church and state". The "priests", because they were the enforcers of the Mosaic Law, were kings (dictators) who were "party, government and military". Because the "priests" could do whatever they wanted in the name of "God", the people had no semblance of "democratic power", so they hated and feared the "priests". So the people hated and feared the "priests" and dared not speak out in anger. So the Israelites longed for a foreign "kingship" to replace the "unity of church and state" of the "priests". In the face of the rising public demand for "democracy", the "priests" had to take a step back, but were not willing to lose all their power and authority, so they appointed, under the guise of God The "priests" then appointed, under the guise of God, "a powerful and influential man who was desired by all" as king. In this way, not only is the king grateful to him, but he is given the power to "appoint kings" and the "priest" remains the "pope". (2) With the king governing the people of Israel, the role of the "pope", the "priest", was much diminished, for the king was "the one who is desired by all and who has the hearts of the people", and the military and political affairs were directed by the king. The priests would have been distorted by the fact that the king was "the one who had won the hearts and minds of the people" and that the military administration was directed by the king, which would have made the "pope" uncomfortable. In order to "balance the mind and satisfy the vanity", the "priests" will certainly "fault" the king, which will lead to all kinds of conflicts. It is understandable how the "priests" would treat the king in order to evaluate him.
(3) The "kings" ruled the people by the power of the state, while the "priests" ruled the people by religious ideas, so that the "kings" and "priests" had something in common and something different. They are both "leaders", but the difference is that "government and religion" are not "united", so they are "separate". The difference is that without the "unity" of "politics and religion" there would have been disagreements because of the "separation". The "priests" ruled the people with religious ideas (the prestige of God) and the "kings" with their personal charisma of "pacifying the world and benefiting the people", so that The "priests" were at a distinct disadvantage. The priests, desperate for power and prestige but repeatedly disappointed, had a distorted mentality, which is to be expected.
(4) In the Old Testament era, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "priests" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings (4) In "Old Testament" times, the person who recorded history was not the "king", but the "priest" who held a "hatred for the king", so that the "king" under the "priest's" pen had "water "It is inevitable that the "kings" appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the "priests". In other words, the kings in the Old Testament are not true and complete versions of themselves, but are shaped by the priests according to their preferences.
(5) The "Christians" after the "Old and New Testaments" did not have the words and actions of Jesus against the "Old Testament" (Jewish priests), so they did not have in them None of them had the "flesh and blood of Jesus" in them, and none of them continued the "bloodline of Jesus". Not only do "Christians" not speak and act against the "Old Testament" (Jewish priesthood) as Jesus did, but they also do not know that "singing hymns and prayers" is using The "Christians" not only do not have the same opposition to the "Old Testament" (the Jewish priesthood) as Jesus did, but also do not know that the "chanting of hymns and prayers" is using "Jewish doctrine" to obliterate the "teachings of Jesus". The "Christians" would therefore accept the "Old Testament" in their hearts and promote it as "Christianity". In other words, the words and actions of the ancient "priests, prophets, teachers and missionaries" have been handed down by today's "priests and ministers" to obliterate the "teaching of Jesus", so they are all "Judaizers" who killed Jesus. They are therefore the "Judaizers" who killed Jesus.
(6) If you read the explanation in the "Spiritual Version of the Bible", you will know that today's "priests and ministers" are "priests, prophets, teachers and missionaries" of the "Old Testament" era. They are the disciples of the "priests, prophets, teachers and preachers" of the Old Testament, the "Judaizers" of the New Age under the guise of "Christianity", and not at all the "disciples of Jesus" who oppose the "Old Testament". They were not "disciples of Jesus" who opposed the Old Testament. None of them had the righteousness to avenge Jesus and overthrow the "Old Testament" again. They had all been brainwashed and suppressed by the devil to become "Judaizers" who had obliterated the "teachings of Jesus".
(7) "Jehovah and the King" is a puppet used by the "Judaizers" (priests) to promote "Jewish doctrine". Without "Jehovah and the King", the "Jewish doctrine" would not be alive and powerful. This is what we all know as the "celebrity effect, the killing of a chicken, and the holding of the Son of God hostage".

9-1. How many years ago was the writing of 1 Samuel completed? How old was the author? What did he do for a living? Answer: 1050 years ago. The author was 70 years old at the time. He was a member of the temple staff.
9-2. [Explanation of the "Spiritual Version"]: "Samuel was the last of Israel's teachers, the first priest and prophet in the age of kings, and a model for all teachers. He ruled the people by God's holy word, not by arbitrary action. Samuel anointed the first king of Israel", Q. Is this true? Answer: (1) Samuel was the final teacher of Israel's Judaism, the "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" whom the Christian Jesus rebuked. (2) When the people saw that there was a king in a foreign country, they asked the Jewish priests to explain to Yahweh that He would give Israel a king, but the people did not want to accept the rule of the priests as a "dictator". The king had taken away the power of the "dictator", so we can imagine how the priests would have dealt with the "power grabber", the king. (3) "The first priest and prophet in the days of the kings was a model for all the teachers", and with the kings, the Jewish priests were abdicated "dictators", whose ugly words and deeds we shall see later.
(4) In the early days of Samuel's reign, he taught the people by the "word of God" and did not teach them the difference between right and wrong, nor did he outlaw the evil tradition of the "sacrifice of life", which means that he This means that he did not escape the bare shell of the "priesthood reduced to a devil's advocate" of the ages. "Soon after he became a "priest", Samuel was driven by lust to do what he wanted. (5) This was the case with almost everyone, which is why the "leaders" had to abolish the "tenure system". (6) Although Samuel "anointed the first king of Israel", he was forced to do so at the request of the people, not because he wanted to do so, but because he was forced to do so by the people, for they knew that he was a devil who "sinned through God and compelled the people". He was forced to do so by the people because they knew that he was a devil who "sinned through God and perverted the hearts of the people" and therefore wanted a king who would defend the interests of the people instead of the dictator, the "Jewish priest".
(7) A "priest and prophet" who cannot "abstain from killing" to demonstrate God's love is a devil in disguise. If one does not know who the "Jewish priest and prophet" is, but takes him as a "model for all teachers", it means that the whole of "Christianity" is The whole "Christianity" is a group of demons who "drink wine, eat meat and speak nonsense". (8) It was because of the "Old Testament indoctrination" that the "words and deeds of Jesus" overthrew the "Old Testament", and this is the reason for the "crucifixion of Jesus". This is the reason for the "crucifixion of Jesus". (9) The "Old Testament" was originally an indoctrination that Jesus opposed, and the "Christians" did not distinguish between the "Old Testament and the New Testament" and practised the "Old Testament". This is why "Samuel" became "a model for all teachers". (10) To overturn the teaching of the Old Testament with the words and deeds of the New Testament Jesus is to be the "first hand of Jesus". Jesus died in vain if he did not have a direct line of transmission, and this is Jesus' greatest regret.

9-3: "When Venna saw that the LORD had not given birth to Hannah, she became a rival to her, and was greatly agitated to make her angry". Answer: Yes. The villain gets his way.
9-4, "How long will you be drunk? You should not drink", was this a misunderstanding of her (Hannah's) behaviour on the part of "Eli the priest"? Or was this discrimination against her? Answer: Discriminate against her.
9-5: "Be careful what you wish for in your prayers, for God will recover what you wish for; it is a sign of bad faith to make a wish to someone and not to return it, and it may lead to trouble". Answer: (1) This is all about "demons" and not about "the righteous and unselfish God". The Bible is full of such demons and heresies. In other words, the entire Bible portrays the "righteous and unselfish God" as such a "mean and evil demon", and this is due to the "priests" (ministers and priests) of the ages. This is the result of the records of the "priests" (priests, ministers) through the ages. (2) The true God will favour real people without reward. Demons can help people achieve unrealistic dreams, but the price they pay is permanent torment with no way out.

9-6. "And when he had worshipped before the LORD, he returned to Ramah. And when he came to his house, Elkanah was in the same room with his wife Hannah, and the LORD took heed of Hannah, and Hannah conceived", Q: Is this true? Answer: (1) There was no such thing. It was Hannah who conceived naturally after she had given up her bad habit of drinking. (2) The whole Bible portrays "Jehovah" in a one-sided and extreme way, in order to deify "Jehovah" so that people will fear and obey their "priestly" orders.
9-7: "When he had been weaned, he took the child to Shiloh and brought it to the house of the LORD", how old was Samuel at this time? Answer: 3 years old.
9-8: "Eli's two sons were wicked and did not know the LORD". Q: Does it mean that they did not accept God's correction? Answer: Yes. "Does the fact that the two sons of Eli the priest were wicked mean that Eli the priest was a good and "qualified" father? "If the two sons of Eli the priest were wicked, Eli the priest must have failed to educate them properly, and he was responsible for this. At least not a "good priest".
9-9: "I have heard that the wind is not good for you, that you have caused the people of the LORD to sin", Q. Why did Eli say this? Was he saying that others would follow his son's example? Answer: (1) Because what his son did was not right, and others would be led astray by his son. (2) "Eli the priest", you old thing, why don't you review your failure to educate them?
9-10, "What happened to your two sons, Hophni and Phinehas, may be your proof: they will both die together one day", Q. Is it true? Is this what the LORD says? Answer: Yes. Yes.

9-11: "I will make for myself a faithful priest, and he will do what I want. I will build him a strong house, and he will walk before my anointed forever". Answer: Yes. The LORD wrote this by the hand of the author.
9-12. "I told him that he would punish his house forever, for he knew that his sons had sinned and brought a curse on themselves, but he did not forbid them". Answer: Yes.
9-13. "The ark of the covenant of God was taken captive, and both of Eli's sons, Hophni and Phinehas, were killed", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. "The two sons of Eli, who were in control of the army, often invaded the city and were assassinated by others and took away the Ark of the Covenant. "The Ark of the Covenant was like the "jade seal" of the emperor in the days of our emperors. For the Israelites regarded the Ark of the Covenant as their life, and gathered the people to take it, and beat them with cries and shouts.
9-14: "Then Eli fell backward from his seat, broke his neck at the gate and died. Eli was Israel's teacher for forty years", Q. Is that so? Was he in heaven? Or was he in hell? Answer: Yes, he was in hell.
9-15. "And they saw Dagon fall down before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and his face was on the ground, and Dagon's head and both his hands were broken at the threshold, and only the remains of Dagon were left", Q: Is that so? Did the "LORD" really appear? Answer: No. The Bible is full of such demonic and evil sayings, all of which are intended to deify "Jehovah" and put people in awe so that the "priests" will have authority.

9-16: "The priests of Dagon and all those who entered the temple of Dagon in Ashdod did not set foot on the threshold of the temple of Dagon until this day". Answer: No. The writer's purpose was to put the fear of God into people so that he would expect everyone to keep the rules.
9-17, "The hand of the LORD was heavy on the people of Ashdod, corrupting them and causing them to have hemorrhoids. So it is with all the four realms of Ashdod and Ashdod". Q: Is it so? Answer: (1) No. Only demon-possessed "priests" would dare to tell such a lie, all in order to deify "Yahweh" and put people in awe so that the "priests" would have authority. (2) When foreigners have invaded our country throughout history, the invaders have always been fought off by the people, and what God has done for mankind is to send gods and immortals down to earth to improve humanistic culture and promote knowledge and technological progress, in the hope that people will have the wisdom to become wise and virtuous.
9-18: "After it had been transported to (Gath), the hand of the Lord struck the city, so that the people of the city were greatly alarmed, and all of them, small and large, had hemorrhoids". Answer: No. God does not interfere easily in the strife of men, unless there are ten evils and great defeats that plague all men and will be condemned by heaven.
9-19, "And the hand of God struck the city with a heavy blow, and some of the people in the city (of Eglon) died of panic; and those who had not died were stricken with hemorrhoids. The whole city cried out, and the voice went up to heaven". Answer: No. The Bible is full of such demonic heresies, the purpose of which is to deify "Yahweh" and put people in awe so that the "priests" will have authority.
9-20. "Put the ark of the covenant of the LORD and the box containing the golden mouse and the golden hemorrhoid statue on the cart". Why did the writer write this? Who gave him the inspiration? Answer: It is not like that. It is a version based on a historical record of events. The author had the purpose of unifying the nation, and in order to cover up the ugly history, he added his own god, "Jehovah", so that the future unification of the nation would be in the hands of a single person, with a talent to work with, and with the inspiration of the gods.

9-21. "These were the golden hemorrhoids that the Philistines offered to the LORD as an atonement: one for Ashdod, one for Gaza, one for Ashkelon, one for Gath, and one for Eglon", Q: Is that right? Answer: made-up nonsense.
9-22. "And the LORD struck down seventy of the men of Bethshemesh for trespassing on the ark of his covenant". Q: Is that so? Answer: No. It was their internal strife.
9-23: "The Philistines have sent back the ark of the covenant of the LORD; come down and receive it to you", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-24: "Take up the ark of the covenant of the LORD and put it in the house of Abinadab on the mountain, and assign Eleazar his son to guard the ark of the covenant of the LORD", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes. Unable to defeat the Israelites, he was forced to send it back.
9-25: Samuel said to all the house of Israel, "If you return to the LORD with one heart, you will put away the foreign gods and Ashtaroth from among you, and devote yourselves to the LORD and serve him alone. He will deliver you from the hand of the Philistines." Q. Is this what "Samuel" said? Who said this? Answer: (1) It was "Samuel" who said this, not "Jehovah", which means that "Samuel" is the devil in disguise. (2) Any "dictator" would have said this, but not "Jehovah", who is so unselfish and loving. (3) No god would say this, for "all holiness is of one origin" and the mission is to teach one side. Only a demon king would say this.

9-26, "Everything that has primacy in our lives and controls us has become our idol. Money, achievements, material things, possessions, fame, or anything that replaces God in our lives, becomes an idol". Who said this? Answer: (1) This was said by a "priest" like "Samuel" under the guise of God, in order to become a dictator. (2) The dictator (the devil) makes people think only of him, and makes them look at nothing but themselves, so that they may enlist the hearts of the people and rule them. (3) Whatever one clings to is an "idol". To cling to "God" (Jehovah), who is an "idol", and to treat it as "not an idol", is to learn to "deceive oneself". This is how one learns to "deceive oneself and others, to take what is not true for what is true, to take what is false for what is true".
9-27: "But the LORD is worthy to be served in our worship, and we will not allow anything else to compete with him". Who said this? Did the Israelites know that this was the devil's "ecstasy"? Answer: (1) This is Israel's "cultural revolution" (Chairman Mao's words), and only his (the dictator's) own words are true. The vast majority of the people of Israel (the believers) cannot see that this is a lie of the devil. (2) The original goal of "worship and service" was "idols". It is the devil (dictator) who is "killing and destroying" by "not allowing other things to compete with him". This is the devil teaching people how to "sophistry and self-deception".
9-28: "If we have "foreign gods" in our hearts, let us ask God to help us to drive them from their thrones, so that the true God may reign in our hearts". Answer: Samuel. Only the dictator (the priest's words) are true, the rest are false, so that this is the teaching of the devil, the opposite of the "loving and merciful" God.
9-29, "Then Samuel offered a lamb that had been suckled as a whole burnt offering to the LORD, and cried out to the LORD for the Israelites. And the LORD answered him", Q. Is this true? "Did the LORD like to eat meat? What did he think of the use of meat as a tribute? Answer: (1) Not really. No divine being eats meat. "Meat for tribute" is a demon possessed by the devil. (2) The name "Jehovah" has once again been kidnapped by the devil. It is man (the dictator) who takes his own preferences and imposes them on God, describing him as a "selfish, narrow-minded, money-hungry" dictator.
9-30. "The LORD thundered with a great noise and disturbed the Philistines, and they were defeated before the Israelites". Answer: No. This is the demonic heresy of the "priests" kidnapping "Jehovah". There are many such demonic heresies, the purpose of which is to deify "Jehovah" and make people fear him. The purpose was to deify "Jehovah" and to make people fear "Jehovah" in order to have authority over the "priests".

9-31: "And Samuel set a stone in the midst of Mizpah and Good, and called the name of the stone Shechem". Answer: Yes.
9-32: "His son did not walk in his ways, but was greedy for wealth and profit, and took bribes, and abused righteousness". Answer: (1) This was because his son had inherited his father's (Samuel's) style. (2) He praised the "priest" with his eyes closed, not saying that the "priest" had taught his son poorly, and not saying that the "priest" family was the embodiment of an insatiable devil. This is the "greatest point" of the Old Testament.
9-33, "Obey everything the people say to you. For they have not forsaken you, but they have forsaken me, and do not want me to be their king. Since I led them out of Egypt until now, they have often forsaken me and served other gods. Now they are doing to you what they have always done". Who said this to "Samuel"? Answer: (1) This was spoken by Samuel's temple staff, not by Yahweh. (2) It was about the dictator's own dominance of the "counterfeit word of God" which had been questioned by others, and the wisdom of the wise was on the move.
9-34, "The people wanted to be in line with the nations. This is exactly what God does not want to see. After the establishment of a king, people tend to forget that God is their true king". Answer: (1) The dictator who sacrifices to the pantheon of gods is to be replaced by a king. (2) The "gods" here are not the righteous god "Jehovah", but "evil gods, demons", "priests" (priests, ministers). They are the "priests" (priests, priests) who, from time immemorial, have always sought to take over the souls of men, to dominate their minds, and to make them their "subjects and slaves".
9-35: "Their motives for demanding a king were like those of the nations, which were totally contrary to God's first plan". Answer: Yes. The "first plan of God" was to rule over the souls of the people forever, so that they would be inseparable from the "gods" (priests) all the time, which is what the devil wanted.

9-36, "Tomorrow at this time I will send a man to you from the land of Benjamin, and you shall anoint him king over my people Israel. He will deliver my people from the hand of the Philistines; for the cry of my people will come to me, and I will look on them". Answer: No, it was added by the author. "The writers of the Old Testament were all "priests" and they could only write from the point of view of protecting their "priestly" authority, which is the simplest form of "psychology". psychology".
9-37: "And Samuel led Saul and his servants into the hall of honour, and made them sit in the first place among the guests who had been invited, and there were about thirty of them". Answer: At this point "Samuel" had to delegate his authority because "Saul" was more powerful than he was.
9-38, "The anointing oil was poured on his head, a sign that the power of the Holy Spirit had come upon him. The ritual of anointing a king is to remind him of his great responsibility to lead the people by God's wisdom and not by his own cleverness", Q. Is this to be a "man of God" through and through? Answer: (1) No, but to be a servant of the "priests". (2) "To lead the people by the wisdom of God and not by one's own wisdom", and the "wisdom of God" comes from the "priests", that is, kings are to obey the "priests". The "wisdom of God" comes from the "priests", that is, the kings are to obey the "priests", who are "uncrowned kings" over the kings.
9-39, "The Israelites chose their first king by the method of drawing lots. It was not Saul who was chosen by luck, but by the will of God". Answer: No. How could there have been a "drawing of lots" in those days? It was all power that determined the positions.
9-40: "If I pluck out the right eye of each of you and insult all Israel by doing so, then I will make a covenant with you". Answer: Yes.

9-41: "Forgive us seven days, until we send out to all Israel, and if no one saves us, we will come out to you". Answer: Yes.
9-42. (Saul) He cut up a pair of oxen into pieces and entrusted them to messengers to carry them throughout all Israel, saying, "Whoever does not come out to follow Saul and Samuel will also have his oxen cut up in this way". Answer: Yes.
9-43: "And Saul divided the people into three bands, and entered the camp of the Ammonites at the morning watch, and slew them until the sun was near noon; and all the rest fled, and there was not two of them together". Answer: Yes.
9-44: And Samuel said to the people, "We will go to Gilgal and set up a kingdom there". Answer: Yes.
9-45: "Whose ox have I taken, or whose donkey have I robbed, or whom have I oppressed, or whom have I mistreated, or from whose hand have I received a bribe and thus been blinded? If so, I will pay". Q: Is this what "Samuel" said to all Israel? Answer: Yes.

9-46: "But they forgot the LORD, their God, and he gave them into the hand of Sisera, the general of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines and the king of Moab, and these people came against them", Q: Is that so? "Is it not a little virtuous of the LORD to take revenge on people for being forgotten? Answer: This is all demonic evil spoken by the "priests" (priests and ministers). What has God to do with the fact that the country is not strong, that the people are not advanced, and that they are bullied by foreigners?
9-47: "I will call upon the LORD, and he will thunder and send rain, so that you will know and see that you have sinned greatly before the LORD in asking for a king". Why did he say, "You have sinned greatly before the LORD in asking for a king"? Answer: (1) Yes. (2) Because it would appear that he had been set aside. The fact that the "priest" (priest, pastor) was spreading demonic heresies and terrorizing the people from the standpoint of maintaining his own authority shows that the "priest" was the embodiment of a selfish, narrow-minded, malevolent demon.
9-48: "Samuel asked the LORD, and the LORD thundered and rained on that day, and the people were afraid of the LORD and of Samuel". Answer: It was thundering and raining at that time, and the people really believed his side of the story.
9-49: "Pray to the LORD your God for your servants, lest we die, for we have added sin to sin in asking for a king". Answer: Yes.
9-50: "As for me, I will not cease to pray for you, so that I may sin against the LORD". Pray for the people "to the point of sinning against the LORD"? Answer: The lie of a liar. It was bad weather in time for the rainy season. The deceiver was very adaptable.

9-51: "Because God chose the Israelites, they are a special people, so he will never forsake them". Answer: The lie of the liar. It is the same with all creatures under heaven. God has never forsaken anyone, but man forsakes God.
9-52: "Saul came to the throne at the age of forty years; he became king over Israel", Q: Is this true? Answer: Mostly.
9-53: "Jonathan succeeded in attacking the camp of the Philistines, but Saul took all the glory for himself", Q: Is that so? Answer: (1) No. Who would have dared to support him if that had been the case. (2) It was the "priests" who wrote the book who scandalized, slandered and insulted "Saul", the king who had the hearts of the people, because he had more prestige than the "priests".

9-54: "The Philistines gathered to fight against the Israelites, with 30,000 chariots, 6,000 horsemen, and as many foot soldiers as the sand on the sea". Answer: A bluff, up to 50,000 men.
9-55. "And when the people of Israel saw that they were in great distress, they hid themselves in caves, and in jungles, and in caves of stones, and in secret places, and in pits", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-56: "And Saul waited seven days according to the date which Samuel had set. Before Samuel came to Gilgal, the people also left Saul and scattered", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-57: "No sooner had (Saul) finished offering the burnt offering than Samuel arrived", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-58: "It was against God's law for Saul to sacrifice himself without waiting for the priest to arrive". Or was it against the law (the will) of the "priests"? Answer: (1) The "priests" counted on them. It was against the law (the will) of the "priests". (2) The so-called "law of God" is in fact a text of the "priests" (priests and ministers) protecting the authority of the "priests" under the guise of deifying "God". (2) The so-called "law of God" is in fact a text of the "priests" (priests, ministers) protecting the authority of the "priests" under the guise of deifying "God".
9-59, "The LORD has found a man after his own heart and has made him king over the people, because you have not kept what the LORD has commanded you", Q. Is this what Samuel said to Saul? Doesn't this mean that the "kings of Israel" would be under the command of the "priests" and would actually be the puppets of the "priests"? Answer: Yes.

9-60: "If the Israelites want to sharpen their hoes, ploughs, axes and shovels, they go down to the Philistines to do so". Answer: Yes. Gradually the "Sauls" were disarmed.
9-61: "So in the day of battle no one who followed Saul and Jonathan had a sword or a gun in his hand, but Saul and Jonathan his son". Answer: Yes.
9-62, "Only by frank confession of our sins does (the LORD) he forgive us, revive us, and bless us", Q: Is that so? "Confess your sins frankly" means that the king must obey the will of the "priests", but is this not a case of the "priests" kidnapping the "LORD Is this not a kidnapping of the LORD by the "priests"? Answer: Yes.
9-63: "God wanted Israel to win not by the sword, so that they might know that the true source of strength is not in themselves, but in God". Isn't such a "God" the personification of the "bloodless devil"? Answer: This is the custom of the struggle for power: "The king is the king, and the enemy is the enemy".

9-64: And Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who had his weapons, "We might as well cross over to the other side, to the fortified camp of the Philistines." But he did not tell his father, asking, Is that so? Answer: out of espousal of the image, so he pretended not to know.
9-65: "Follow me up, for the LORD has delivered them into the hands of the Israelites", was this what Jonathan said to the men with the weapons? Answer: Yes.
9-66: "The first of those whom Jonathan and the men of war killed were about twenty men, all within the half furrow of an acre of land". Answer: Yes.
9-67, "But they relied on God, knowing full well that the enemy, though many in number, could not limit God's power to help them. God valued the faith and valour of these two men and gave them a great victory". Answer: This is what the writer, the "priest", thought.
9-68: "At Gibeah in Benjamin, Saul's watchmen saw the Philistine army scattered and in disarray", Q: Is this true? Answer: Yes.
9-69: Saul said to Ahijah, "You have brought the ark of the covenant of God", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-70: "And Saul and all those who followed him gathered together and came to the battlefield and saw the Philistines striking each other with the sword and in great disorder". Answer: Yes.
9-71: "The Hebrews, who had come from the four quarters to follow the Philistine army, now turned to help the Israelites who were following Saul and Jonathan". Answer: Yes.
9-72: And Saul made the people swear, saying, "Cursed is everyone who does not wait until the evening to finish avenging himself on his enemies and eat something". Answer: Yes.
9-73: "When they went into the wood, they saw honey flowing down, but no one dared to take it with his hand and eat it, for they were afraid of the oath. Answer: Yes.
9-74: "Jonathan did not hear his father telling the people to swear, so he stretched out his staff in his hand, dipped the end of it in the beehive, and turned his hand and put it in his mouth, and his eyes were brightened. Answer: Yes.
9-75: "So he hastened to slaughter the oxen and the sheep and the calves which he had taken on the ground, and ate them with the flesh still bloody", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-76: "The people have sinned against the LORD by eating meat with blood" (eating blood is a sin, for blood represents life, and life belongs to God), Q: Doesn't meat represent life? Is such ignorance the indoctrination of God (Jehovah)? Answer: He who likes to eat meat and drink blood is a beast. The "sacrificial" offerings were in accordance with the wishes of the "wolf spirit" who manipulated "Moses" into making the rules, and carried on the wolf's style and taste for meat. All were misled by the "gods and demons".
9-77: "Bring me your cattle and your sheep and slaughter them, and do not sin against the LORD by eating flesh with blood". Answer: Yes.
9-78: "During his reign he sought God only when he was at the end of his tether, in sharp contrast to the priests, who advocated that one should ask God beforehand in all matters", which means that the person who wrote this book was biased towards the "priests", for the author himself was a "priest". "Is it true that the king has left the "priests" without supreme authority? Answer: Yes.
9-79: "We should ask God first, and not wait until we are at the end of our rope to think of him." This shows that the wise king and the "priests" are in opposition and in conflict. Answer: Yes.
9-80: Saul asked God, "May I go down after the Philistines? Will you deliver them into the hands of the Israelites and not deliver them?" On this day God (the priest) did not answer him, because the "priest" did not want "Saul" to have a greater victory or prestige in the crowd, not at all because he did not "approach God first". "Is that right? Answer: Yes.
9-81: "Come up here, all you elders of the people, and find out who has sinned this day", because "God has not answered him this day"? Because the "priests" did not want Saul to have a greater victory, and because the "priests" did not answer, and because "God was not pleased"? "Does this not mean that the "priest" was an unforgivable devil? Answer: Yes.
9-82: "Stand aside, I and my son Jonathan also". Answer: Yes.
9-83: "O Jonathan, you must die! If not, may God punish me severely", Q: Did Saul say this? "The people saved Jonathan from death"? Answer: He said it, and the people saved him.
9-84, "And Saul reigned over Israel, and he used to attack all his enemies around him, the Moabites, the Ammonites, the Edomites, the kings of Zobah, and not the Rishis. Wherever he went, he defeated his enemies", Q. Is this true? "Saul fought bravely against the Amalekites and saved the Israelites from the hand of those who had robbed them", Q. Is this true? Answer: Yes. Is.
9-85. "Saul recruited all the powerful men or warriors he met to follow him", Q. Is this true? Does this not mean that "Saul" was a wise king? Doesn't it make it even more impossible for the "priests" to deceive? "Do not the priests and their associates (priests and priests) stigmatize and hate a wise man like Saul? Answer: Yes.
9-86. "Samuel said to Saul, "The LORD has sent me to anoint you king over his people Israel". Was it really the Lord who sent "Samuel" to make "Saul" king? Answer: (1) The "priests" always talked about "Jehovah" in whatever they did, and what the "priests" wanted to do was what "Jehovah" meant. What "priest" wants to do is "Jehovah". "The "priest" was the demon king who kidnapped "Jehovah" and made him the instrument of his will. (2) Because "Saul" was more popular than he was.
9-87: "Now you shall go and smite the Amalekites and destroy all of them, and you shall not have mercy on them, but you shall kill every man and woman, every child and every milk-feeder, every ox, every sheep, every camel and every donkey". Does this not mean that the LORD is the devil who kills? What devil borrowed the words of "Samuel"? Answer: The words of the black python of 20,000 years.
9-88: "And Saul gathered the people together at Tirahim, and counted them, and they were two hundred thousand foot soldiers, and ten thousand men of Judah". Answer: Yes.
9-89, "Leave the Amalekites and go down! I am afraid that I will kill you with the Amalekites. For you were kind to the Israelites when they came out of Egypt". Q: Is this what Saul said to the Kenites? Answer: Yes.
9-90: "And he captured Agag, king of Amalek, and killed all the people of Amalek with the sword. But Saul and the people had pity on Agag, and loved the good cattle, the sheep, the calves, the lambs, and all the good things, and would not destroy them; but all the lowly and the weak were killed". Answer: Yes.
9-91, "For they were guerrilla forces, terrorists, who lived by attacking and taking people and goods. After the Israelites came out of Egypt, they attacked them first, and then they plundered the Israelites' camps whenever they had the opportunity". Is this the reason why Samuel told Saul to destroy all the Amalekites? Answer: Yes.
9-92: "And when Saul had come to Carmel, he set up a monument there, and turned down to Gilgal", Q: Is that so? Answer: Yes.
9-93: "Wait until I tell you what the LORD said to me last night", Q: Did the LORD really speak to Samuel? Answer: No. The "priests" (priests and ministers) all spoke in this way, but were in fact demons in disguise.
9-94: "Saul thought he had won a great victory over the Amalekites, but God saw him as a great failure, because he did not obey His commands". Does this not mean that "Samuel" portrays "Jehovah" as a narrow-minded, jealous, twisted, dictator-like devil? Answer: Yes.
9-95, "Obedience is better than sacrifice; obedience is better than the fat of rams. The sin of disobedience is equal to the sin of practising evil; the sin of stubbornness is the same as the sin of worshipping false gods and idols. As you have forsaken the command of the LORD, so has the LORD forsaken you as king", Q. Is this what Samuel said? Does this not expose the "priests" (priests) for what they are, devils and dictators? Answer: Yes.
9-96: "As you have bereaved a woman with the sword, so shall your mother be bereaved among women". Did Samuel "kill Agag before the LORD in Gilgal"? Does this not show that "Samuel" was a devil without any mercy? Answer: Yes. Yes. Yes.
9-97: "Samuel grieved over Saul because the LORD regretted making him king over Israel". This is the incompetent devil (Samuel) who saw that "Saul" did not do exactly what he wanted and regretted making him the king of Israel. How can anyone who reads the Bible not be misled by such demonic heresies? Answer: Yes.
9-98, "He asked Samuel to go with him to worship God, to show publicly that Samuel still supported him. If Samuel did not comply, the people would lose faith in Saul": this explanation is entirely from the point of view of "Samuel" (the priest), and shows that the "preachers" from ancient times to the present day have been misleading demons. How could the people lose faith in the king who led them to victory when they had lost faith in an incompetent ruler and a devil like "Samuel"? If Samuel had not obeyed, the people would still have had faith in Saul, wouldn't they? Answer: Yes.
9-99: "How long will you grieve for Saul, since I have forsaken him as king over Israel? When you have filled the horns with anointing oil, I will send you to Jesse the Bethlehemite, for I have predestined one of his sons to be king". Answer: No, a lie of the "priests". This is a lie of the "priests". This is "Samuel" who wants to establish another authority.
9-100, "Have you come for peace?" Why did the elders of the city ask him this? Why did they all come out to meet him with fear and trembling? Does this not show that "Samuel" (the priest) was a notorious "devil who eats people"? Answer: Yes.
9-101: "Do not look at his appearance or at his great stature, but I will not choose him. For the LORD does not look at man as man looks at man: man looks at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart". Answer: This is what "Samuel" himself said.
9-102: "This is he, rise up and anoint him", Q: Did Jehovah say this? Or did "Samuel" say this? Answer: "Samuel" had already planned this.
9-103: "The Spirit of the LORD left Saul, and a demon came from the LORD to disturb him". "Now there are demons coming from God to disturb you. Our Lord may command his servants before him to find a good lyre-player, and when the devil from God comes upon you, make him play with his hands, and you will be well". Did he have a premonition? Answer: (1) This is the "priest" (priest, pastor) slandering, scandalizing and abusing "Saul" because "Saul" disobeyed the "priest" (priest, pastor). (1) "Saul" was disobeying the will of the "priests" (priest, pastor). (2) "When the devil from God comes upon you, make him play the lyre with his hands and you will be well" is the demonic heresy and ecstasy of the "priests" (priests and ministers). The "priests" (priest, pastor) are the "cancer" of Israel. (3) A man of words was found to give "Saul" ideas on how to deal with "Samuel's" other kingship.
9-104: "You may find for me one who is good at playing the lyre and bring it to me", Q. Did Saul say this? "Allow David to stand before me, for he has found favour in my sight". Answer: Yes. "Saul" had understood the mind of "Samuel" in advance, and had drawn "David" to him in advance.
9-105: "When the devil from God came upon Saul, David took a lyre and played it with his hands, and Saul was relieved and pleased, and the devil left him". Was the "devil from God" afraid of "playing the lyre"? What kind of demons are these? Answer: This is a sign that the person who wrote the book was possessed by the devil. "This is the devil scandalizing and slandering "Jehovah".

