认识宗教 基督篇（七十二）生活中的血泪基督徒（牛顿是道家五老之一的“木公”转世）
Knowing Religion: Christians with Blood and Tears in Life (72) (Newton is the reincarnation of "Mugong", one of the five elders of Taoism)
【编者按：1、1997年，我从山东临沂回到家乡，嫂子劝我“接福音”成为“耶稣徒”，我说：好，你能说服我，我就学你们的“基督教”。嫂子说：到2000年耶稣就出生2000年了，到时候天空出现“十字架”救人、、。我问她：你知道我们的孔夫子吗？你知道到2000年孔夫子出生多少年吗？她不知道，我说：我们的孔夫子比耶稣早551年，其余的姜子牙、周文王等等更早、、，作为一个中国人，不了解自己的文化，盲目的崇洋媚外，盲目的打压本民族的文化，这就是汉奸。
因为我妈、我妹妹都“接福音”成为了“耶稣徒”，家里有一本《圣经》，我读了好几遍，并未发现“接福音”的人践行的教义在《圣经》的哪个地方，说明他们是打着“圣经与耶稣”的幌子蛊惑人心的魔鬼！
Editor's note: 1. In 1997, when I returned to my hometown from Linyi, Shandong Province, my sister-in-law advised me to "accept the gospel" and become a "Jesuit." I said, "OK, if you can persuade me, I will learn your" Christianity. ". The sister-in-law said: in 2000, Jesus will be born in 2000, when the "cross" appears in the sky to save people. I asked her: do you know our Confucius? Do you know how many years Confucius will be born in 2000? She didn't know. I said: our Confucius was 551 years earlier than Jesus, the rest of Jiang Ziya, King Wen of Zhou and so on. As a Chinese, they didn't understand their own culture, blindly worshipped foreign countries, blindly suppressed the culture of their own nation. This is the traitor.

Because my mother and my sister have become "Jesus disciples" by "receiving the gospel", and there is a Bible at home. I have read it several times, but I have not found out where in the Bible the doctrines practiced by those who "receive the gospel" are, which shows that they are demons under the guise of "Bible and Jesus"!

“耶稣徒”每晚在夜深人静的时候、头顶毛巾，跪在地上“祷告”，这样怎能不招来妖魔鬼怪呢？很快妈妈就有了“改变”！原来正直善良的妈妈被“接福音”彻底改造了，妈妈为了宣扬她的教义瞪着眼说瞎话！“耶稣的福音”并没有让家庭和睦，反而让本来和睦的家庭成了对立的两派，“耶稣的福音”成了扼杀和睦家庭的刽子手！难道这是在天的“耶稣”希望的吗？
上幼儿园的女儿佳佳跟着妈妈，佳佳感冒了，妈妈不给孩子吃药，而是“祷告”，结果佳佳成了“鼻炎”，后来是妹妹领着佳佳去医院才治好了鼻炎。你们如果“有法力、是正神”应该保佑家人没病才对，却让人有病不吃药，这不是想让人“病情加重而病死”吗？所以，你们“耶稣教”是幸灾乐祸、唯恐天下不乱的魔鬼！绝不是慈悲救人的神圣！
"Christians" every night in the dead of night, head towel, kneel on the ground "pray", so how can not attract ghosts? Soon mom will have a "change"! It turns out that the honest and kind-hearted mother has been completely transformed by "receiving the gospel". In order to publicize her doctrines, her mother is staring at the truth“ "The gospel of Jesus" does not make the family harmonious, but makes the originally harmonious family become two opposing factions, "the gospel of Jesus" has become the executioner of strangling the harmonious family! Is this the hope of Jesus in heaven?

Jiajia, My daughter in kindergarten, followed her mother. Jiajia caught a cold. Instead of giving her child medicine, her mother prayed. As a result, Jiajia became "rhinitis". Later, her sister took Jiajia to the hospital and cured her rhinitis. If you "have the magic power and are the right God", you should protect your family from illness, but let people not take medicine when they are sick. Don't you want people to "get worse and die of illness"? Therefore, you "Jesuits" are devils who gloat and fear that the world will not be in chaos! It's not the Holy Spirit of compassion!

1999年我从山东临沂回家，已经得道的我发现妈妈说的话更加的毒酷了，我用法眼看到妈妈身上一个“洋鬼子魔鬼”，就命神将拿住它，割下它的耳朵，并给“耶稣”写了一封信，警告它们：胆敢在中国蛊惑人心，我会杀光它的老巢。
2000年夏天，爸爸去世了，处理完丧事，妹妹告诉我：她们“接福音”头目给妈妈下命令，让我妈发展爸爸入教，妈妈说爸爸是共产党，是无神论者。他们不满意，说：他不入教，就把他交给神吧。之后没几天，爸爸脑血栓复发去世了。之后那个“接福音”的头目再也没来过我们这里传教，而是换了个其他人。
我去查此事，神圣说：神圣来处理此事，不用我管。因为我那时候都有去杀死他们的心。
In 1999, when I came home from Linyi, Shandong Province, I used Spiritual Eyes found that my mother's words were even more poisonous and bad. I saw a "foreign devil" on my mother's body, so I ordered Angels to take it, cut off its ear, and wrote a letter to that "Jesus" warning them: if you dare to bewitch people in China, I will kill all its Satan Nests.

In the summer of 2000, when my father died and finished the funeral, my sister told me that the leader of "take the gospel" gave orders to my mother to let my mother develop my father into the church. My mother said that my father was a Communist Party and an atheist. They were not satisfied and said, "if he is not a member of the church, give him to God.". A few days later, dad died of recurrent cerebral thrombosis. After that, the leader of "receiving the gospel" never came here to preach, but changed to another person.

I went to investigate this matter, the holy said: holy to deal with this matter, I do not care. Because I had the heart to kill them at that time.

2、耶稣教不像道教与佛教那样系统，耶稣教没有明文的“戒律”，没有不能说妄语的“戒律”，对“杀盗淫妄酒”的概念淡薄，这样“教徒”为了“宣扬教义”就有了肆意胡说八道、蛊惑人心的空间。
3、全文分为六部分。“说明”前面的文字与段落是引用的。引号里面文字，也是引用的。】
2. Jesuit is not as systematic as Taoism and Buddhism. Jesuit has no explicit "commandments" and no "commandments" that can not be used to tell lies. It has a weak concept of "killing, stealing, lusting and drinking". In this way, the "believers" have the space to talk nonsense and bewitch people in order to "preach the doctrine".

3. The full text is divided into six parts“ The words and paragraphs before "description" are quoted. Words in quotation marks are also quoted

第一部分：我写这篇文章有两个起因有二。
起因一：网友“木日一”在我的qq空间给我留言，下文括号里的言语是我回复他的话：
回答：网友“木日一”。 告诉你一个好消息：（只有你对）今生（深入透测的“正确”认识，才能）决定来世永远的归宿。
你知道吗？人的生命只有一次（但是人的精神确是不灭的。数千年前教主、先哲的言论依然在指导世人。）
没有人能掌管自己生命（是因为不能正确认知自己的生命，如果能正确、深远的认知自己的生命就能“掌管自己生命”，就是中国人说的“我命在我不在天”。通俗地讲，就是要看你怎样利用有限的生命创造无限的生命价值！），
当人离开这个世界要到哪里去，每一个人都要想一想（把握今天，无愧明天！）。
Part one: I write this article for two reasons.

Cause 1: netizen "Mu Ri Yi" left a message to me in my QQ space. The words in brackets below are my reply to him

Answer: netizen "Mu Ri Yi". Here's the good news for you: only when you have a deep and penetrating understanding of this life can you decide the eternal destination of the next life.

You know what? Man lives only once (but his spirit is immortal). Thousands of years ago, the opinions of the religious leaders and sages are still guiding the world.)

No one can take charge of his own life (because he can't correctly understand his own life. If he can correctly and profoundly understand his own life, he can "take charge of his own life", which is what the Chinese say, "my life is in me, not in heaven.". Generally speaking, it depends on how you use your limited life to create unlimited value of life,

When people leave this world, where to go, everyone should think about (grasp today, worthy of tomorrow!).

圣经说：因为（部分）世人（并不是全部世人）都犯了罪亏缺了神的荣（这是耶稣这个西方人针对他身边的西方国家的言论，不是针对东方国家的断论。东方国家中很多人因为生平不曾“亏缺了神的荣耀”而成为在天的神圣。）
罪的工价乃是死。所以人人都有一死，死后且有审判，到地狱永远受痛苦灭亡（那是因为他没有把握今天的缘故。）
但上帝爱你，差遣他的独生子（这是西方的观念。东方人认为“无独有偶”。近代西方的“相对论”，其原型是中国始创于六千多年前的阴阳学说。）耶稣来到世上（的时间很短），来拯救（人的时间很短）你（但是耶稣的后人编写了《圣经》给我们这些后人看，我们应该怎样读书？我们应该清醒地知道才行。）
The Bible says: because (part of) the world (not all of the world) has sinned and lost the glory of God (this is Jesus' statement to the western countries around him, not to the eastern countries). Many people in Eastern countries have become sacred in heaven because they have never "lost the glory of God" in their lives

The price of sin is death. So everyone has a death, and after death there is a judgment, to hell forever suffering death (that is because he did not grasp today's reason)

But God loves you and sends his only son. People in the East think that "there is no match". The prototype of modern western "relativity" is the theory of yin and Yang founded in China more than 6000 years ago Jesus came to the world (very short time), to save (very short time) you (but the descendants of Jesus wrote the Bible to show us how we should read? We should know it soberly.)

耶稣为了（拯救我们无知、麻木的灵魂，不是）担挡我们全人类的罪。被钉在十字架上【为什么会这样？因为耶稣是一个“革命者”！因为耶稣被他的门徒“犹大”用“三十块钱”出卖了！所以我们不要相信“耶稣的门徒”，否则下一个“被钉在十字架上”的人就是我们自己】。
（所以并不是）为我们罪而死（这是西方人的误解，不是东方人的思维。既然“为我们罪而死”，那么我们都是无罪的人？那么“圣经说：因为世人都犯了罪亏缺了神的荣耀”就是站不住脚的空理论！因为《圣经》的出现是在耶稣之后。）
死后被埋葬，第三天从死里复活（这是被近代西方的“科学”所否定的不可能的事），以大能显名是神的儿子（这是东方的比喻：人死精神不死。如果耶稣真有“大能显名是神的儿子”的手段会在十字架上神奇的逃脱，再去继续教化世人。）
Jesus is trying to (save our ignorant, numb souls, not) bear the sin of all of us. Crucified [why? Because Jesus is a "revolutionary"! Because Jesus was betrayed by his disciple Judas for thirty dollars! So we should not believe in "disciples of Jesus", otherwise the next "crucified" person is ourselves.]

（ So it's not) to die for our sins (this is a Western misunderstanding, not an oriental thinking. Since "die for our sins", are we all innocent people? So "the Bible says: because the world has sinned and lost the glory of God" is an untenable empty theory! Because the Bible appeared after Jesus.)

After death, he was buried and resurrected from the dead on the third day (this is an impossibility denied by modern western "science"), and he was the son of God in the name of power (this is an oriental metaphor: the spirit of death is immortal. If Jesus really had the means to "manifest himself as the son of God", he would miraculously escape on the cross and continue to educate the world.)

耶稣复活后多次向他的门徒们显现（有耶稣本人，也有妖魔变化成耶稣的样子），坚固（也是迷惑）他们的信心。又命令吩咐他们传福音给万民听（耶稣只是希望，没有“命令吩咐”。耶稣知道还会有多如牛毛的“犹大”，在各个时期不停的“出卖耶稣”）。
叫一切听到福音、信耶稣的罪得赦免、今生得自由、得释放，来世灵魂上天堂得永生（这是任何一位作为“教主”的理想，不等于能否实现。一边信耶稣，一边不折手段的编瞎话“弘教度人”作恶的人虽然今生得自由、得释放，来世灵魂上天堂得永生是不可能的！）
After his resurrection, Jesus appeared many times to his disciples (Jesus himself and Demons changed into Jesus), and strengthened (and confused) their faith. He also ordered them to preach the gospel to all the people (Jesus only hoped, but did not command). Jesus knew that there would be "Judas" who "betrayed Jesus" in various periods.

So that all the sins of hearing the gospel and believing in Jesus can be forgiven, this life can be free and released, and the soul in the afterlife can have eternal life in heaven (this is any ideal as a "leader", not equal to whether it can be realized. Believe in Jesus and make up the truth by no means at the same time. It is impossible for the evil doer to be free and free in this life and have eternal life in heaven in the afterlife)

人生最大的福份（就是我们自己平时知足常乐与多行善积德）就是信靠主耶稣（教我们的行善积德思想并切身触地的去履行，而不是靠主耶稣的名誉、名相），（这样才能让）耶稣他会与你同在，（耶稣不会、也不可能）带你走过人生的每一个台阶（神圣只是让你认识人生，让你在走过人生的每一个台阶时不迷茫，清醒的知道自己该怎么去走）。
【你没说清楚信靠耶稣的什么！是靠我们自己的觉悟真理！耶稣是善良、慈悲、真理的化身，我们通过耶稣要学会认识这个世界的真假、善恶、是非、、否则，要到地狱永远受痛苦。】
The greatest blessing of life (that is, we are always happy and good and good) is to believe in Jesus (teach our good and moral thoughts and fulfill it with touch with the earth, not by the name and reputation of the Lord Jesus), (in this way) Jesus will be with you, (Jesus will not It is impossible to take you through every step of life (sanctity only lets you know life, let you walk through every step of life without confusion, and know how to go clearly).

【 You didn't say what you believed in Jesus! It is our own awareness of the truth! Jesus is the embodiment of goodness, compassion and truth. We must learn through Jesus to understand the truth, the good and the evil, the right and the wrong, or we will suffer forever in hell】

上帝爱你【“上帝爱你”是一句“一文不值”的空话！因为上帝都不爱他的“独生子耶稣”，更不会爱我们，所以我们不需要“上帝”来爱，我们自己“自立、自强、自尊、自爱”才是最重要的，所以，这句口号是魔王给法奴的“玩具与枷锁”。你如果贪慕“上帝爱你”这四个字，你就成了魔王的法奴。上帝爱善良的人！上帝劝恶人改过自新，否则难逃地狱的审判。】
耶稣爱你【这是与“上帝爱你”一样，都是一句“一文不值”的空话！是魔王给法奴的“玩具与枷锁”。你如果贪慕“上帝爱你”这四个字，你就成了魔王的法奴。耶稣用他“被钉在十字架上”来警告我们，“耶稣门徒”都能出卖耶稣，也会出卖你，所以我们要远离“耶稣门徒”！只要我们在生活中是个慈悲的人，耶稣就会爱我们！耶稣爱的是忠臣孝子！爱坚持真理的人！！】
"God loves you" ["God loves you" is a "worthless" empty word! Because God doesn't love his "only Son Jesus", let alone us, so we don't need "God" to love. Our "self-reliance, self-improvement, self-esteem, self love" is the most important. Therefore, this slogan is "toys and shackles" given by the devil to the slaves. If you covet the four words "God loves you", you will become a slave to the devil. God loves good people! God urges the wicked to mend their ways, or they will not escape the judgment of hell

Jesus loves you [this is the same as "God loves you", which is an empty sentence of "worthless"! It is the "toy and shackle" given by the demon king to the farnu. If you covet the four words "God loves you", you will become a slave to the devil. Jesus used his "crucified" to warn us that "disciples of Jesus" can betray Jesus and you, so we should stay away from "disciples of Jesus"! As long as we are compassionate people in life, Jesus will love us! Jesus loves loyal ministers and filial sons! People who love to stick to the truth!]

我们信耶稣的人都爱你【你们信耶稣的人都是神经病，你们都是“可怜罪人”。你们这些“可怜罪人”爱我们不是好事！你们会把我们引向你们的牢房，所以，我们这些“自立、自强、自尊、自爱”的人不需要你们这些“信耶稣的可怜罪人”来爱！你们爱上谁，谁接受你们的爱，那就是谁的不幸。】
哈利路亚 赞美主耶稣【要知道他赞美的究竟是耶稣的哪些才行！不能为了赞美而赞美，那样的赞美无有多大的意义。赞美耶稣破迷开悟、为真理从容就义的精神。不能像耶稣那样破迷开悟、勇于破除“假丑恶”，就得不到哈利路亚的赞美。
没学“耶稣教”是个正常人，学习了“耶稣教”成了“可怜罪人”，意识不到这不是耶稣教的，而是出卖耶稣的“犹大”教的，这样畜生不如的混蛋根本无法得到哈利路亚的赞美。】
All of us who believe in Jesus love you. It's not a good thing that you poor sinners love us! You will lead us to your cells, so we "self-reliance, self-improvement, self-respect, self love" people do not need you "poor sinners who believe in Jesus" to love! Whoever you fall in love with and who accepts your love is his misfortune

Hallelujah praised the Lord Jesus! You can't praise for the sake of praise. That kind of praise doesn't make much sense. Praise Jesus' spirit of breaking through the mystery and enlightenment, and dying for the truth calmly. If you can't be enlightened and brave enough to get rid of "hypocrisy" like Jesus, you won't get Hallelujah's praise.

He is a normal person who didn't learn "Jesuit" and became a "poor sinner" after learning "Jesuit". He doesn't realize that it's not Jesuit, but Judas who betrayed Jesus. Such a bastard can't get Hallelujah's praise

耶稣（这是你自己说的，不是耶稣本人）说：我就是（正直善良、舍己为人的、大公无私的）道路、真理（认识什么是黑白、是非、正邪，这才是真理。），（有智慧的）生命（才有价值）。
若不借着我（就是我们每个人自己因为舍己为人、大公无私的奉献精神而累积的善行、美德），没有人能到父（天堂）那里去。
【说明：我们不想“到父那里去”，因为上帝都不救他的独生子耶稣，也不会救我们。我们就是去了“父那里”也得不到“父爱”，因为我们不是“上帝的独生子”，上帝都不爱独生子耶稣，更不会爱我们。所以，我们哪里也不想去，我们只想此生做个“自强、自尊、自爱”的正常人、普通人。
Jesus (this is what you said, not Jesus himself) said: I am the way, the truth (knowing what is black and white, right and wrong, right and evil, this is the truth.)（ A wise life is valuable.

No one can go to the father (heaven) without me (that is, the good deeds and virtues accumulated by each of us for self sacrifice and selfless dedication).

【 Explanation: we don't want to "go to the father", because God doesn't save his only Son Jesus, nor will he save us. Even if we go to the "father", we will not get "father's love", because we are not "the only son of God". God does not love the only Son Jesus, let alone us. Therefore, we don't want to go anywhere. We just want to be normal and ordinary people with "self-improvement, self-esteem and self love" in this life.】

上面这都是你们这些“传教士”自己说的，是你们这些人强加于“耶稣”的，是与“耶稣”本人无关的。像这样“绑架耶稣、打着耶稣的名义辱骂耶稣”的事情你们做了很多、很多！
你们这些“传教士”不但不会到天堂，会统统到地狱中“挨鞭子、割舌头”受刑罚，因为你们借“耶稣”的名义说自己的话、作自己想办的事、借神造孽，出卖耶稣的清誉赚取自己的名利，你们是毁谤、辱骂耶稣的魔鬼的化身！】
The above is what you missionaries themselves said. It is imposed on Jesus by you people, and it has nothing to do with Jesus himself. You have done a lot of things like "kidnap Jesus and abuse Jesus in the name of Jesus"!

You "missionaries" will not go to heaven, but will all go to hell to be punished by "whipping and cutting your tongue", because you speak your own words, do what you want to do in the name of "Jesus", and earn your own fame and fortune by selling Jesus' reputation through God's iniquity. You are the incarnation of the devil who slanders and insults Jesus.

起因二：我在上海的大街上捡到一张“信神的基督徒”的传单
题目1：孙中山急难求主，内容：1896年孙中山在伦敦被清政府绑架，蒙救后给他友人的信中写道“、、无人知道，身在牢中，自知必死，无再生希望、、唯有痛心忏悔，恳切祷告而已。一连六七日，日夜不绝祷告，愈祈愈切，至第七日心中忽然安慰，全无忧色，蒙神施恩、、当天神感动了每日送饭监视他的英国雇员，把孙中山的信送到了孙中山英国老师家中、、把总理（孙中山）的密信交给清大使”。
【说明：这个“基督徒”在这个传单中的错误是：“把总理（孙中山）的密信交给清大使”，他们竟然不知道他前面说的“1896年孙中山在伦敦被清政府绑架”，孙中山就是被关在清驻英大使馆的地下室。如果真的“把总理（孙中山）的密信交给清大使”，孙中山根本出不了监狱。

孙中山离世前对围绕他的众人说“我是一个基督徒，受上帝之命与罪恶之魔宣战！我死了，也要人知道我是一个基督徒”。稍微有点理智的人都会觉到这是“一群神经病”瞎编的！
孙中山肯定是奉神的旨意来解救劳苦大众的人，神肯定会及时眷顾救助这位肩负使命的人的，“天神感动了”很显然是笨蛋瞎猜的。
道家、佛门都有明文的规定不许说“妄语”，基督教没有“戒律”这一说，他们可以肆无忌惮的说瞎话达到他们的目的！】
Cause 2: I found a leaflet of "believers" on the street of Shanghai

In 1896, Sun Yat Sen was kidnapped by the Qing government in London. After being rescued, he wrote to his friends: "no one knows. In prison, he knows that he will die. There is no hope of rebirth. He has to repent and pray earnestly. For six or seven days, he prayed day and night. On the seventh day, he was comforted and relieved. He was moved by the God and watched his British employees every day. He sent Sun Yat Sen's letter to Sun Yat Sen's English teacher's home and gave the premier's secret letter to the Qing Ambassador.

【 Explanation: the mistake of this "Christian" in this leaflet is: "give the secret letter of the prime minister (Sun Yat Sen) to the Qing ambassador". They didn't know that "Sun Yat Sen was kidnapped by the Qing government in London in 1896" as he said before. Sun Yat Sen was locked up in the basement of the Qing Embassy in Britain. If "the secret letter of the prime minister (Sun Yat Sen) was given to the ambassador of the Qing Dynasty", Sun Yat Sen could not get out of prison at all.

Before Sun Yat Sen died, he said to the people around him, "I am a Christian, and I am ordered by God to declare war against the evil spirit! When I die, I want people to know that I am a Christian. A little bit rational people will feel that this is "a group of neuropathy" make up!

Sun Yat Sen must have saved the people who worked hard by God's will. God will surely help the people who shoulder the mission in time. "God moved" is obviously a fool's guess.

Both Taoism and Buddhism have explicit rules that "lies" are not allowed to be said. Christianity has no "precepts". They can speak lies to achieve their goals without fear】

题目2：张学良的选择。（1）有一次，宋美龄随同蒋介石到高雄要塞时，去看望了张学良。张学良回忆说：有一天，蒋夫人来访。她问我看些什么书，我告诉她我正在研究佛教学。但蒋夫人却说：汉卿，你又走错了路，你也许认为我信基督教是很愚蠢，但是世界上各国许多有名的、伟大的人物都是基督徒，难道他们都是很愚蠢的人吗？
【 说明：世界上各国许多有名的、伟大的人物都不是愚蠢的人，但是蒋介石夫妇的“愚蠢”却天下皆知！是不是信仰基督的宋美龄夫妇“行善没有作恶多”的缘故呢？“行善没有作恶多”也是基督教的吗？
很显然，这里带有“排斥佛教”的言论，意在讥笑讽刺中国传统文化，同时标榜信仰基督的“不愚蠢”，这是心中不空的人在“自赞毁他”，也是在对中国进行文化蚕食与侵略！

从1840-1860年，两次鸦片战争，英法联军与八国联军让中国沦为了半殖民地社会，在中国传教的“外国传教士”给他们的军队当向导，他们都是基督徒！他们都不是很愚蠢的人，都是强盗与流氓！这是中华民族的“血泪民族记忆”！！！】
Topic 2: Zhang Xueliang's choice（ 1) Once, while accompanying Chiang Kai Shek to Kaohsiung fortress, Song Meiling visited Zhang Xueliang. Zhang Xueliang recalled: one day, Mrs. Jiang visited. She asked me what books I read, and I told her that I was studying Buddhism teaching. But Mrs. Jiang said: Han Qing, you have gone the wrong way again. You may think that it is stupid for me to believe in Christianity, but many famous and great people in the world are Christians. Are they all stupid people?

【 Explanation: many famous and great people in the world are not stupid people, but the "stupidity" of Chiang Kai Shek and his wife is well known all over the world! Is it because of the fact that Song Meiling and his wife, who believe in Christ, do not do more good than evil“ Is it Christian to do good rather than evil?

Obviously, there is a remark of "rejecting Buddhism" here, which is intended to ridicule and satirize Chinese traditional culture, and at the same time flaunt that the belief in Christ is "not stupid". This is that people who are not empty in heart are "praising and destroying him", and they are also carrying out cultural encroachment and aggression against China!

From 1840 to 1860, during the two Opium Wars, the Allied forces of Britain, France and the eight countries reduced China to a semi colonial society. The "foreign missionaries" who preached in China served as guides to their troops. They were all Christians! They are not very stupid people, they are robbers and hooligans! This is the "national memory of blood and tears" of the Chinese nation.】

（2）张学良到了台湾之后，没有获得更多自由，与社会人士交往也极少。这时他想起了书橱中的另一本书《圣经》，那是有一次张学良生日时宋美龄送他的生日礼物，圣经扉页上还有她的签名。
【 说明：这里的记载却与前面的说法迥然不同，是谁在说瞎话呢？“基督徒”说话怎么前后矛盾呢？他们的脑子进水了吗？还是被驴踢了啊？！
这是基督教的传道人他们在做“名人效应”来“劝道”，希望让更多的中国人来信仰基督教，希望让更多的中国人跟着他们说瞎话，让中国人不辨是非、不知真假，达到他们搅乱中国社会的邪恶目的。】
(2) After Zhang Xueliang arrived in Taiwan, he did not get more freedom and had little contact with the public. At this time, he thought of another book in the bookcase, the Bible, which was a birthday gift from Song Meiling on Zhang Xueliang's birthday, with her signature on the front page of the Bible.

【 Explanation: the record here is quite different from the previous one. Who is lying“ How can Christians contradict each other? Are they out of their heads? Or was it kicked by a donkey?!

This is the preacher of Christianity. They are doing "celebrity effect" to "persuade". They hope that more Chinese people will believe in Christianity, that more Chinese people will tell lies with them, and that Chinese people will not know right from wrong, truth from falsehood, so as to achieve their evil purpose of disturbing Chinese society.】

题目3：牛顿的天象仪。牛顿有一位朋友，就是英国著名天文学家哈雷，他因推算出一颗彗星的轨道，这颗彗星后来被命名为哈雷彗星，他却不肯相信上帝创造宇宙中一切的天体。有一次，牛顿造了一个太阳系模型，中央是一个镀金的太阳，四围各大行星各照各的位置排列整齐，一拉曲柄，各星立即照自己的轨道和谐转动，非常形象和美妙。一天，哈雷来访，见到这模型，玩弄了好久，惊叹叫好，立刻问这是谁造的。牛顿回答说，这个模型没有人设计和制造的，只不过是偶然有各种材料凑巧碰在一起而形成的。哈雷说，无论如何必定有一人造它，并且是位天才的人。这是牛顿拍着哈雷的肩头说：“这个模型虽然精巧，但比起真正太阳系，实在算不得什么，你尚且相信一定有人制成它，难道比这个模型精巧亿万倍的太阳系，岂不是应该有一位全能的上帝，用高度智慧创造出来的？”哈雷才恍然大悟，也相信了神。
牛顿不但是一位伟大的科学家，而且是一位虔诚的基督徒，研究圣经的浓厚兴趣决不在科学以下。他所发表的科学著作只占所有著作的10%，80%以上的著作都是神学著作，总字数超过140万，可见他研究圣经所用的时间，远远超过研究科学所用的时间。牛顿不仅在科学上的成就达到登峰造极的地步，而且对圣经的研究和认识，也令许多圣经学者大为惊奇。
【 说明：牛顿是道家“五老”之一的“木公”转世，目的是教化西方，告诉世人“科学”只是人类认知的一个片面的领域而已，不过是要证明上帝造物之功的伟大而已。】
Topic 3: Newton's astrolabe. Newton had a friend, Halley, a famous British astronomer. Because he calculated the orbit of a comet, which was later named Halley's comet, he refused to believe that God created all the celestial bodies in the universe. Once, Newton built a model of the solar system, with a gold-plated sun in the center. The planets around them were arranged in order according to their respective positions. As soon as he pulled the crank, the stars immediately rotated harmoniously according to their own orbits, which was very vivid and wonderful. One day, Halley came to visit, saw the model, played with it for a long time, exclaimed and immediately asked who made it. Newton replied that this model was not designed and manufactured by anyone, but was formed by accidental collision of various materials. Halley said that no matter what, there must be someone who made it and was a genius. Newton patted Halley on the shoulder and said, "although this model is exquisite, it's nothing compared with the real solar system. You still believe that someone must have made it. Shouldn't a solar system hundreds of millions of times more exquisite than this model have been created by an almighty God with high wisdom?" Halley suddenly realized that he believed in God.

Newton was not only a great scientist, but also a devout Christian. His strong interest in the study of the Bible was never below science. His scientific works account for only 10% of all his works, and more than 80% of them are theological works, with a total number of more than 1.4 million words. It can be seen that he spent much more time studying the Bible than science. Newton not only reached the peak of his scientific achievements, but also surprised many biblical scholars by his study and understanding of the Bible.

【 Explanation: Newton's reincarnation of "Mugong", one of the "five elders" of Taoism, aims to enlighten the West and tell the world that "science" is only a one-sided field of human cognition, but only to prove the greatness of God's creation work】

题目4、结束语：亲爱的朋友，如果你愿意相信接受耶稣基督的救恩，就请你在内心做这样的祷告：主啊，我是个不认识你的可怜罪人，在虚度光阴，求主耶稣赦我罪孽，救我灵魂永生，我愿意打开心门接受耶稣做我的救主和生命的主，一生跟随你，祷告是奉主耶稣的名求，阿门！
【 说明：基督教引用的犹太教的“祷告”，就是类似佛家道家的念佛号、咒语，就是一种静心、入静的形式，实际是妄想执着、迷失自己、走火入魔的形式。
“基督”乃是译音，译义即是“道统”。“阿门”乃是外语，汉语即是“圣神”也是“人神”。
这都不是当年的“耶稣”本人传教的！是后人仿照犹太教的格式照搬嫁接到基督教愚弄世人的！】

第二部分：认识耶稣教的教义 “神父与传教士”是打着“耶稣”的幌子蛊惑人心的魔鬼

Conclusion: dear friends, if you are willing to believe and accept the salvation of Jesus Christ, please pray in your heart: Lord, I am a poor sinner who does not know you. I am wasting my time, asking Jesus to forgive my sins and save my soul forever. I am willing to open my heart and accept Jesus as my Savior and Lord of life, and follow you all my life, Pray in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen!

【 Explanation: the "prayer" of Judaism quoted by Christianity is similar to the chanting of Buddha's name and incantation of Buddhism and Taoism. It is a form of meditation and meditation. In fact, it is a form of delusion, obsession, loss of oneself and being possessed by the devil.

“ "Christ" is a transliteration, and the translated meaning is "orthodoxy"“ "Amen" is a foreign language, and Chinese is both "Holy Spirit" and "human God".

None of this was preached by Jesus himself! Later generations copied and grafted Christianity in the form of Judaism to fool the world!]

The second part: understanding the doctrine of Jesuit “ "Priests and missionaries" are demons under the guise of "Jesus"

1、解释上面的“结束语”：
（1）“我是个不认识你的可怜罪人”：这样一句话，就让“新入教的教徒与修行者”就成了个永远因为曾造孽而永远抬不起头的人，就让新入教的人在 “神父与传教士”面前自惭形秽而低人一等，同时也满足了 “神父与传教士”的虚荣心！所以，这是魔王的心态！这不是“民主与自由”！而是“专制与压迫”！这是“佛性、道根”不平等的表现！这是与中国西藏喇嘛教的“修忏悔”一样的邪魔论调。
狗畜生！你既然是个“不认识你的可怜罪人”，你怎么在“向耶稣祷告”啊？！你明明是“认识”耶稣的人，却大声喊着“我是个不认识你的可怜罪人”，你这不是在用谎言欺骗耶稣吗？！
你没遇到“耶稣教”之前，没有谎言而无罪。你学习了“耶稣教”后，自称“我是个不认识你的可怜罪人”，让你自己因为欺骗耶稣而成了真正的罪人。你学习了“耶稣教”后，成了个明明是“认识”耶稣的人，却在大声喊着“我是个不认识你的可怜罪人”，难道是耶稣让你这样“自欺欺人”拿谎言欺骗耶稣与自己的吗？不！这不是耶稣教的，是“神父与传教士”教的！所以你没有在学习“耶稣教”，你学的是“神父教与传教士教”！
“神父与传教士”在打着“耶稣”的幌子，让人成为拿谎言欺骗耶稣与自己的畜生不如的混蛋，所以 “神父与传教士”是打着“耶稣”的幌子蛊惑人心的魔鬼。

既然“愿意相信接受耶稣基督的救恩”而开始“祷告”，这实际上就是已经“认识”耶稣基督了，只有认识、认可“耶稣”是神你才能开始祷告。而 “神父与传教士”却让人在祷告时说“不认识你”，虽然有因为初学而对耶稣理解不深的意思，但确实是在教人说瞎话而产生“罪孽”。
1. Explain the "conclusion" above:

（ 1) "I'm a poor sinner who doesn't know you": such a sentence makes the "Protestant and practitioner" become a person who can't lift his head forever because of his evil deeds, makes the Protestant feel ashamed and inferior in front of "priests and missionaries", and satisfies the vanity of "priests and missionaries" at the same time! So, this is the devil's mentality! This is not "democracy and freedom"! But "despotism and oppression"! This is a manifestation of the inequality of "Buddha nature and Tao root"! This is the same evil argument as the "repentance" of Tibetan Lamaism in China.

Dog, beast! Since you are a "poor sinner who doesn't know you", why are you "praying to Jesus"?! You are clearly a person who "knows" Jesus, but you shout "I am a poor sinner who doesn't know you". Aren't you deceiving Jesus with lies?!

You don't have to lie and be innocent before you meet Jesus. After learning "Jesuit", you call yourself "I'm a poor sinner who doesn't know you", and let yourself become a real sinner by cheating on Jesus. After learning "Jesuit", you become a person who clearly "knows" Jesus, but you are shouting "I am a poor sinner who does not know you". Is it Jesus who let you "deceive yourself" and deceive Jesus and yourself with lies? no It's not Jesuits, it's priests and missionaries! So you are not learning "Jesuit", you are learning "priest and missionary"!

“ The "priest and missionary" is under the guise of "Jesus", which makes people become bastards who cheat Jesus with lies and are inferior to their own beasts. Therefore, "priest and missionary" is a devil who bewitches people under the guise of "Jesus".

Since "willing to believe and accept the salvation of Jesus Christ" and begin to "pray", this is actually "knowing" Jesus Christ. Only by knowing and recognizing "Jesus" as God can you begin to pray. But "priest and missionary" makes people say "don't know you" in prayer. Although it means that they don't understand Jesus deeply because they are new learners, they are really teaching people to tell lies and produce "sin".

（2）“求主耶稣赦我罪孽”：这与喇嘛教的“消罪障”是一样的，就等于直接接过魔王给法奴的“枷锁”不加思索的戴在了自己头上。如果 “神父与传教士”真的“救我灵魂”，就不要引导我们、让我们自己老是沉浸在以前的“罪孽”里而不能开始全新的“永生”。
你如果有“罪孽”，求谁都没用！哪个国家都有“公检法”，各国“公检法”的存在就是对 “求主耶稣赦我罪孽”最有力的回击！
每个人在没学“耶稣教”之前都是没有罪的正常人，学了“耶稣教”之后都成了有罪的人，都有了必须 “求主耶稣才能赦免的罪孽”，所以“耶稣”不是救人、让人没有罪孽的救世主，而是让人“有罪孽”的罪魁祸首！
谁信仰“耶稣教”，谁就有 “求主耶稣才能赦免罪孽”，“耶稣”成了赐予人们罪孽的魔王，而不是让人没有罪孽的救世主！所以“耶稣”是被魔鬼绑架后用于蛊惑人心的工具与傀儡。
(2) "Ask the Lord Jesus to forgive me for my sin": This is the same as the Lamaism's "removing the sin barrier", which means directly taking over the "shackles" given by the demon king to the slave and wearing them on his head without thinking. If "priests and missionaries" really "save my soul", don't lead us, let us always immerse ourselves in the previous "sins" and can't start a new "eternal life".

If you have sin, it's no use asking anyone! Every country has "public security law". The existence of "public security law" in every country is the most powerful response to "ask the Lord Jesus to forgive my sins"!

Everyone is a normal person without sin before learning "Jesuit". After learning "Jesuit", they all become sinful people. They all have sins that must be forgiven by "asking the Lord Jesus". Therefore, "Jesus" is not the Savior who saves people and makes people have no sin, but the culprit who makes people "have sin"!

Who believes in "Jesuit", who has "ask the Lord Jesus to forgive sin", "Jesus" has become the devil who gives people sin, not the Savior who let people have no sin! So "Jesus" is a tool and puppet used to bewitch people after being kidnapped by the devil.

（3）“打开心门接受耶稣做我的救主和生命的主”：是说我自己的生命我无法做主，我的“救主”也不是我自己的思想转变、进步，要“教徒”完全抛弃自我、去全身心接受“神父”的各种理论，这样的人真是一个“可怜的罪人”！进了“耶稣教”，自己就不是自己了，所以“耶稣”不是救世主，而是束缚“教徒”的独裁者、专制者！
我们“打开心门”，应该想到：上帝并没有因为“耶稣是上帝的独生子”而偏爱耶稣，上帝在耶稣受到刑罚的时候都没有去救耶稣，也不可能救度（我们）“耶稣教的教徒”，所以“耶稣教的教徒”决不能靠上帝与耶稣来“赦免罪孽”才对，否则，耶稣就白白被“钉死十字架”了。
所以，我们“打开心门”，接受上帝不去“赦免耶稣罪孽”的事实，我们决不能靠上帝与耶稣来“赦免罪孽”。“做我的救主和生命的主”的绝不是“上帝与耶稣”，而是我们自己。
我成为“耶稣教的教徒”，就要学习耶稣为真理而献身的伟大精神！坚决不能听从 “神父与传教士”的胡说八道与妖魔邪说，否则就会愧对为坚持真理而献身的耶稣。
成为“耶稣教的教徒”，就要讲说“上帝”是不会救人的事实，决不能宣扬“上帝救人”的妖魔邪说。
(3) "Open your heart and accept Jesus as my Savior and Lord of life": it means that I can't be the Lord of my own life, and my "savior" is not my own ideological change and progress. It requires "believers" to abandon themselves completely and accept all kinds of theories of "priest" wholeheartedly. Such a person is really a "poor sinner"! After entering the "Jesuit religion", you are not yourself, so "Jesus" is not the Savior, but the dictator and autocrat who bound the "believers"!

When we "open our hearts", we should think: God did not favor Jesus because "Jesus is the only son of God". God did not save Jesus when Jesus was punished, and it was impossible to save (US) "Jesuit believers". Therefore, "Jesuit believers" must not rely on God and Jesus to "forgive sins", otherwise, we should not rely on God and Jesus to "forgive sins", Jesus was "crucified" for nothing.

Therefore, we "open our hearts" and accept the fact that God does not "forgive Jesus' sins". We must not rely on God and Jesus to "forgive sins"“ It is not "God and Jesus" who are my Savior and Lord of life, but ourselves.

When I become a "Jesuit", I need to learn the great spirit of Jesus' sacrifice for the truth! We should never listen to the nonsense and heresy of "priests and missionaries", otherwise we will be ashamed of Jesus who gave his life to uphold the truth.

To become a "Jesuit", it is necessary to say that "God" will not save people, and we must not preach the heresy of "God saves people".

（4）“一生跟随你”：就是完全抛弃自我、自动迷失自己，去妄想执着于外界，让妖魔趁“需”而入，让自己沦为“法奴”！我们一生要像耶稣那样追求真理，敢于为真理而献身，这才是 “一生跟随耶稣”的表现。
我们敢于打破旧传统，敢于否定不对的东西，敢于为真理而献身，决不渴求“上帝”来“赦免罪孽、拯救自己”，这才是 “一生跟随耶稣”的表现。
揭露 “神父与传教士”并没有讲明耶稣为真理而献身的精神，反而让人“求主耶稣赦我罪孽”、让人沦为说谎话自欺欺人的罪人，说明 “神父与传教士”并没有传达耶稣的遗愿与教化，说明 “神父与传教士”是打着“耶稣”的幌子蛊惑人心、害人慧命的魔鬼的化身。
揭露 “神父与传教士”否定“耶稣”的言行，维护“耶稣”是真善美化身的形象，就是 “一生跟随耶稣”的表现。不能揭露假丑恶，不能揭露“神父与传教士”的妖魔邪说，这样的人就是魔鬼，是没有 “跟随耶稣”的表现。
(4) "Follow you all one's life": that is to abandon oneself completely and lose oneself automatically, to delusion and cling to the outside world, to let demons take advantage of "need" to enter, and to make themselves become "law slaves"! We should pursue the truth as Jesus did in our life and dare to die for the truth. This is the expression of "follow Jesus all our life".

We dare to break the old tradition, dare to deny the wrong things, dare to sacrifice for the truth, and never long for "God" to "forgive sins and save ourselves". This is the expression of "following Jesus all our life".

The revelation of "priests and missionaries" does not explain the spirit of Jesus' sacrifice for the truth. Instead, it makes people "ask the Lord Jesus to forgive me for my sins" and makes people become self deceiving sinners. It shows that "priests and missionaries" do not convey Jesus' will and enlightenment, and that "Godfather and missionaries" are bewitching people under the guise of "Jesus" The incarnation of the devil who harms people's wisdom.

Exposing the words and deeds of "priests and missionaries" denying "Jesus" and maintaining the image of "Jesus" as the embodiment of truth, goodness and beauty is the expression of "following Jesus all his life". We can't expose the falsehood and ugliness, and we can't expose the demons and heresies of "priests and missionaries". Such a person is the devil and has no performance of "following Jesus".

（5）“祷告是奉主耶稣的名求”：这是魔鬼让你成为上演“掩耳盗铃”闹剧的演员。因为明明是我们自己在祷告“求耶稣赦我罪孽，救我灵魂永生”，还要说成“祷告是奉主耶稣的名求”，就是让你迷失自己，让你找不到你自己的存在，让你满脑子里只有一个“主”，让你跟着“主”走，把你引向魔窟为奴！
上帝都不去救“主耶稣”，你不能吸取“主耶稣”被钉死的教训，反而求“主耶稣”这个都不能救自己的人，所以，“耶稣教的祷告”都是魔鬼的奴才在上演“缘木求鱼、南辕北辙”的荒唐闹剧。
耶稣是用自己“被钉死十字架”的教训在告诉世人：求谁都没用。“祷告”是魔鬼附体的人在发神经病。
(5) "Pray in the name of the Lord Jesus": it's the devil who makes you an actor in the farce of "stealing bells from your ears". It's because we are praying to "ask Jesus to forgive me for my sins and save my soul for eternity", and to say "pray in the name of the Lord Jesus" is to let you lose yourself, make you unable to find your own existence, let you have only one "Lord" in your mind, let you follow the "Lord" and lead you to the devil's den as a slave!

God doesn't save "Lord Jesus". You can't learn the lesson that "Lord Jesus" was crucified. On the contrary, you can't ask "Lord Jesus" to save yourself. Therefore, "Jesus' prayer" is the devil's slave. They are playing the absurd farce of "seeking fish from the root of a tree and going in the opposite direction".

Jesus is using his "crucified" lesson to tell the world that it is useless to ask anyone“ "Praying" is the insanity of a demon possessed person.

（6）“阿门”：的意思是希望所有的祈祷都能按照自己的愿望而实现，上帝允许所求，而给予保佑。这样上帝就成了世人为所欲为、达到私欲的保护神，而不是让我们看破人生、觉悟真理的导师。这样上帝就成了媚俗的木偶，而不是引导我们看破红尘而脱尘的圣贤。这也不是当年的耶稣所教的！这是“基督教”的人为了迎合大众的心理，以便让更多的人信仰基督教从而壮大自己的教团势力而刻意造作的。
(6) Amen: it means to hope that all prayers can be fulfilled according to one's wishes, and God will allow one to ask for and bless one. In this way, God has become the protector of the world's desires, rather than the teacher who let us see through life and realize the truth. In this way, God becomes a kitsch puppet, not a sage who guides us to see through the world and get rid of it. This is not what Jesus taught in those days! This was deliberately created by "Christian" people in order to cater to the public's psychology, so as to make more people believe in Christianity and strengthen their own religious power.

2、祷告文：请双手交叉合抱在胸前，诚心的出声（很小声也行）祷告蒙福：非常重要，请认真阅读括号内容并理解后蒙福祷告。【 “亲爱的上帝:我相信您的独生儿子耶稣为人类的罪被钉十字架而死，您使耶稣三日后复活成为这个世界的救世主。现在起，我承认自己是个罪人需要您的拯救，并敞开心门邀请耶稣基督来进入我生命中，成为我个人的救主和生命的主宰，感谢您赦免我的罪，我今后愿意顺服圣灵的引领，接受圣灵的掌管，使我的生活合乎您的旨意。 奉耶稣基督的圣名祈求祷告，阿门！”】祷告好后请告知。
2. Prayer text: please put your hands in front of your chest and pray sincerely (even in a very low voice): very important, please read the brackets carefully and understand the prayer【“ Dear God: I believe that your only Son Jesus was crucified for the sins of mankind. You raised Jesus to be the Savior of the world in three days. From now on, I admit that I am a sinner and need your salvation. I open my heart to invite Jesus Christ to come into my life and become my personal Savior and master of my life. Thank you for forgiving my sin. In the future, I am willing to obey the guidance of the Holy Spirit and accept the control of the Holy Spirit, so that my life can meet your will. Pray in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen! " Please let me know when you have prayed.

解释“祷告文”：（1） “祷告蒙福”：是妖魔邪说！大家去看看地图，看到现在还在战乱中的中东地区，就知道 “祷告蒙福”的骗人的“把戏”了。 “祷告”不是耶稣的教义，是魔鬼强加于“耶稣教”的，是魔鬼制造魔子魔孙的利器。耶稣让人认识“真善美与假丑恶”，让人为真理而献身，而不是用荒唐的 “祷告”来“蒙福”。
十九世纪， “耶稣教”随着八国联军的坚船利炮全面进入了中国，很多中国人信仰了“耶稣教”，事实证明 “耶稣教”并没有让中国人 “祷告蒙福”，而是让中国沦为了西方列强（耶稣徒、基督徒）的殖民地！西方列强（都是耶稣徒、基督徒）因为信仰“耶稣”而成为了到世界各地疯狂抢夺财富、杀人行凶的强盗！说明“耶稣教”并没有拯救西方人的灵魂！说明他没有并没有践行“耶稣的教义”，全部都是“犹大的化身”！
驰名中外的蒋介石夫妇就是“虔诚的耶稣徒”，事实证明 “耶稣教”并没有让蒋介石夫妇“祷告蒙福”，而是让他们沦为了国破家亡的天涯流落人！就连为“耶稣教”大量捐钱捐物的蒋介石夫妇都没有“祷告蒙福”，你说你这个“草民、小老百姓”能“祷告蒙福”吗？！坚决不可能！
所以上面这个“祷告文”，其实是让人沦为魔鬼奴才的“入魔文”。
Explain "prayer text": (1) "pray for blessings": it's a devil's heresy! If you look at the map and see that the Middle East is still in war, you will know the deceptive trick of "praying for blessings". “ "Prayer" is not the doctrine of Jesus, it is the devil imposed on "Jesuit", it is the devil's weapon to make the devil's son and son. Jesus made people know "the truth, the good, the beauty, the falsehood, the ugliness" and let people devote themselves to the truth instead of "blessing" with absurd "prayer".

In the 19th century, "Jesuit" entered China with the powerful ships and cannons of the Eight Allied forces. Many Chinese people believed in "Jesuit". Facts have proved that "Jesuit" did not make Chinese people "pray for blessings", but made China become a colony of Western powers (Jesuits and Christians)! Because of their belief in "Jesus", Western powers (all Jesuits and Christians) have become robbers who go all over the world to rob wealth and kill people! It shows that Jesuit didn't save the soul of Westerners! It shows that he didn't practice "the doctrine of Jesus", all of them are "the incarnation of Judas"!

The well-known Chiang Kai Shek and his wife are "devout disciples of Jesus". Facts have proved that "Jesuits" did not make Chiang Kai Shek and his wife "pray for blessings", but made them become exiles in the end of the world! Even Chiang Kai Shek and his wife who donated a lot of money and materials for the "Jesuit religion" didn't "pray for blessings". Do you think you "grass-roots people and ordinary people" can "pray for blessings"?! Absolutely impossible!

So the above "prayer" is actually the "enchanted text" that makes people become the slaves of the devil.

（2）“亲爱的上帝”：是让人认识“真善美与假丑恶”，让人为真理而献身，绝不是万能的救世主。“亲爱的上帝”都不去救“独生儿子耶稣”，更不会去救你这个“耶稣徒”，所以你不要对“亲爱的上帝”有任何的幻想，你的一切幻想都会落空。
你在生活中做个问心无愧、正直善良的好人，“亲爱的上帝”就高兴！你为真理而献身，同时也是在揭露魔王的真面目，“亲爱的上帝”就高兴！就会让你成为耶稣那样“死后极尽哀荣”的神圣。信仰“耶稣”，不能像“耶稣”那样因为破迷开悟而为真理献身，根本就没有信仰“耶稣”、根本没有受到“耶稣的教化”。整天“祷告”，不知道什么是为真理而献身，是“耶稣徒”的耻辱。
你如果打着“上帝与神”的幌子，以“主耶稣”名义让人说谎话、自欺欺人、蛊惑人心、害人慧命，“亲爱的上帝”就会让你到地狱受审判！
(2) "Dear God": it is to let people know "truth, good, beauty and hypocrisy", and to sacrifice for truth, and not to be the universal Savior“ Dear God does not save the only Son Jesus, nor save you as the "Jesus apprentice". Therefore, you should not have any fantasy about "Dear God", and all your fantasies will fall.

You are a good man with a good conscience and integrity in your life. I am happy to be my dear God! You devote yourself to the truth, and at the same time reveal the true face of the Lord, "Dear God" is happy! It will make you holy as Jesus "after death, to be so proud of all". Faith in Jesus cannot sacrifice for truth because of his disillusionment, and there is no faith in Jesus and is not "enlightened by Jesus". It is a shame of Jesus to pray all day long without knowing what to sacrifice for truth.

If you make people lie, deceive themselves, deceive people, deceive people and kill people in the name of "Lord Jesus", you will be judged in hell by "Dear God"!

（3）“我相信您的独生儿子耶稣为人类的罪被钉十字架而死”：你这是丧失理智后的畜生在胡说八道！因为“人类的罪”并没有因为耶稣“被钉十字架”而没有。耶稣死后，人类经历了两次世界大战，至今战乱不息，说明耶稣根本不是因为“人类的罪”而死的。你连这样的道理都不懂，却“相信耶稣为人类的罪被钉十字架而死”，说明你是畜生不如的混蛋！
耶稣被钉十字架而死，是因为他的“破迷开悟与坚持真理”遭致了邪恶势力的迫害与打压。耶稣告诉世人什么是真善美，只有坚持“真善美”、不为“假丑恶”所屈服才能成为“上帝的儿子”。

耶稣被钉十字架而死，说明古代就有邪恶势力，就像今天强大的帝国主义国家侵略弱国一样。耶稣被钉十字架而死，是因为耶稣的门徒犹大“用三十块钱”出卖了耶稣！
“耶稣的门徒”连耶稣本人都敢出卖，更会出卖你们这些“耶稣徒”！耶稣只值“三十块钱”，你们所有的“耶稣徒”也就是“几毛钱、几分钱”的价格！事实上，你们所有的“耶稣徒”就连“几毛钱、几分钱”的价格都不值， 因为“耶稣的门徒”用几十个字的“祷告文”就把你们这些“耶稣徒”出卖给魔鬼了。
(3) "I believe that your only Son Jesus was crucified for the sins of mankind": you are an irrational animal talking nonsense! Because "human sin" is not because Jesus was "crucified". After the death of Jesus, human beings have gone through two world wars, and there are still wars, which shows that Jesus did not die because of "human sin". You don't even know such a truth, but "believe that Jesus was crucified for human sin", which shows that you are a bastard!

Jesus was crucified to death because he was persecuted and suppressed by the evil forces for "breaking the mystery, enlightening and upholding the truth". Jesus told the world what is true, good and beautiful. Only by insisting on "truth, good and beautiful" and not being subjugated by "falsehood, ugliness" can he become "the son of God".

Jesus was crucified to death, indicating that there were evil forces in ancient times, just like today's powerful imperialist countries invading weak countries. Jesus was crucified and died because Judas, a disciple of Jesus, betrayed him for thirty dollars!

“ The disciples of Jesus dare to betray even Jesus himself, and they will betray you Jesus disciples! Jesus is only worth "thirty dollars", and all your "Jesus disciples" are worth "a few cents, a few cents"! In fact, all your "Jesuits" are not worth the price of "a few dimes, a few cents", because the "disciples of Jesus" sold you "Jesuits" to the devil with dozens of words of "prayer".

（4）“您使耶稣三日后复活成为这个世界的救世主”：并不是死后僵尸的“复活”，而是说“精神不死、精神因为坚持真理而得以永生”。实际上耶稣并不是“三日后复活”，而是人死后马上就进入天国“复活”了，成为了上帝敕封的世界“佛道儒耶回”五教的教主（救世主）之一。
这个世界有“佛道儒耶回”五教，所以耶稣并不是“这个世界的救世主”，而是“这个世界的五个救世主之一”。请“耶稣徒”走出你们的国家，到世界各地走一走，你们会发现耶稣并不是“这个世界的救世主”，而是你们“那个小世界的救世主”。

耶稣是“后起之秀”，他很年轻，中国的孔夫子就比耶稣早551年，其余的比耶稣早的中国神圣可以车载斗量。也就是说：多如牛毛、不同时期的中国古人成为“这个世界的救世主”的时候，你们的耶稣还没有出生。
在“神父与传教士”的蛊惑下，你们“耶稣徒”对所有的中国神圣都心怀妒忌，污蔑他们都是“不圣洁的”，这恰恰表现出了你们自己的龌蹉与卑污。中国神圣不会因为你们污蔑而不存在，而是比你们早数千年。
你们本来以为耶稣是“这个世界的救世主”，可是你们到了中国后发现自己的“胡说八道”是站不住脚的，你们恼羞成怒之下污蔑中国神圣，所以你们并没有表现出“耶稣”所具有的大爱与博爱，你们并不是真实履行耶稣教化的“耶稣徒”，你们是借着“耶稣”的幌子蚕食、污蔑中国文化的魔鬼！你们都是出卖耶稣的“犹大的化身”！

“神父与传教士”并没有像耶稣那样坚持真理，而是打着“耶稣”的幌子在让人上演“掩耳盗铃”的闹剧，所以“神父与传教士”是打着“耶稣”的幌子、实际是在诋毁耶稣的魔鬼。
(4) "You raise Jesus to be the Savior of the world in three days": it's not the "Resurrection" of zombies after death, but "the spirit does not die, and the spirit can live forever because of adhering to the truth". In fact, Jesus did not "resurrect in three days", but entered the kingdom of heaven "resurrected" immediately after death, and became one of the five religious Masters (saviors) of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Yahui" in the world granted by God.

In this world, there are five religions of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and Islam", so Jesus is not "the Savior of this world", but "one of the five saviors of this world". Please go out of your country and walk around the world. You will find that Jesus is not "the Savior of this world", but "the Savior of that small world".

Jesus is a "rising star". He is very young. Confucius in China was 551 years earlier than Jesus, and the rest of China, who was earlier than Jesus, can carry a lot of cars. That is to say: when the ancient Chinese in different periods became the "savior of the world", your Jesus was not born.

Under the bewitching of "priests and missionaries", you "Jesuits" are jealous of all the Chinese sacred, and slander them as "unholy", which just shows your own dirty and dirty. China's holiness will not disappear because of your slander, but thousands of years before you.

You thought that Jesus was "the Savior of the world", but when you came to China, you found that your "nonsense" was untenable. You were so angry that you slandered the sanctity of China. Therefore, you did not show the great love and fraternity of "Jesus". You are not the "Jesuits" who truly fulfill the teachings of Jesus, You are the demons who nibble and slander Chinese culture under the guise of "Jesus"! You are all Judas who betray Jesus!

“ The "priests and missionaries" did not insist on the truth as Jesus did, but made people play the farce of "hiding their ears and stealing bells" under the guise of "Jesus", so "priests and missionaries" were actually the devil who slandered Jesus under the guise of "Jesus".

（5）“现在起，我承认自己是个罪人需要您的拯救”：你没有信仰“耶稣教”你是个正常人、普通人，你信仰“耶稣教”之后成了个“罪人”，说明“耶稣教”是让人成为“罪人”的“罪人教”！所以“耶稣徒”都是自讨其辱、自甘堕落、卑微屈膝、畜生不如的混蛋！所以这个“祷告文”其实是“魔鬼造就奴才文”。你只要按照这个“祷告文”来“祷告”，你就成了“魔鬼污蔑耶稣的奴才”，你就是“洋鬼子、假洋鬼子、汉奸”。
耶稣是因为“破迷开悟、坚持真理”受到邪恶势力的迫害而献身的，绝不是为了“人类的罪被钉十字架而死”的。我们来到“耶稣教”应该学习耶稣为真理而献身的精神，决不能来到“耶稣教”不问青红皂白就成为了“罪人”。我们作为一个正常人、普通人，学习“耶稣”破迷开悟、坚持真理的精神才是对的。
我们通过“耶稣被钉十字架而死”觉悟真理、觉悟什么是真理、应该坚持真理，才是对的。否则，耶稣会死不瞑目。你们来到“耶稣教”，不来觉悟真理，不好好看看“祷告文”是怎么回事，不想想“祷告文”让你成为什么样的人，就轻信“神父与传教士”的误导而“承认自己是个罪人”，你们的盲从盲信，会让耶稣会死不瞑目的！会让耶稣在天不安的！

耶稣用“被钉十字架而死”来“拯救”你们，让你们觉醒、觉悟，你们为什么不觉悟啊？耶稣是怎样“被钉十字架而死”的，是谁让耶稣“被钉十字架而死”的？是耶稣的门徒“犹大”去出卖！
当年出卖耶稣的魔鬼“犹大”，在今天穿上了“传教士”的外衣，成为了“合法的神父与传教士”，他们就是新时期把耶稣送上“十字架被钉而死”的魔鬼。所以，我们不要相信“耶稣的门徒”！是“耶稣的门徒”出卖、害死了耶稣！
我们读《圣经》，在生活中像耶稣那样破迷开悟、觉悟真理、坚持真理，我们就是“再来的耶稣”、我们就是耶稣的嫡传。由此而言，“拯救”我们的不是“合法的神父与传教士”，不是“耶稣的门徒”，也不是耶稣，是我们自己的大智慧觉悟到的真理。
(5) "Now, I admit that I am a sinner and need your salvation: you don't believe in Jesus Christ. You are a normal person and ordinary person. After you believe in Jesus Christ, you become a sinner. It shows that Jesus Christ is a sinner teaching that makes people become sinners! Therefore, Jesus is a bastard who is self humiliating, self indulgent, humble and cursive, and inferior to brute! So this prayer is actually "the devil makes slave". If you follow this prayer to pray, you become "the slave of the devil who defies Jesus". You are "foreign ghosts, false foreign ghosts, traitors".

Jesus died because he was persecuted by evil forces because he was "breaking the fans and upholding the truth", and he was not crucified for the sake of "human sin". We should learn the spirit of Jesus' devotion to the truth when we come to Jesus' teaching. We must never come to Jesus' religion and become "sinners" without asking about the red and white. As a normal person and ordinary person, we are right to learn the spirit of "Jesus" to break the ecstasy and to adhere to the truth.

We are right to realize truth through "Jesus was crucified to death", what truth is, and we should insist on truth. Otherwise, Jesus would die in his grave. If you come to Jesus Christ, you will not come to realize the truth, and don't take a good look at what the prayer text is. If you don't think about what kind of person prayer text makes you, you will be misguided by the "priest and missionary" and "admit yourself to be a sinner". Your blind follow blind faith will make Jesus die and die in peace! It will make Jesus uneasy in the sky!

Why don't you realize that Jesus "died by crucifixion" to "save" you and awaken and realize you? How did Jesus "die by crucifixion" and who made him "die by crucifixion"? Judas, the disciple of Jesus, betrayed!

Judas, the devil who betrayed Jesus, put on the coat of "missionary" today and became "legitimate priests and missionaries". They were the demons who sent Jesus to "crucified and died" in the new era. So we don't believe in Jesus' disciples! It is "Jesus' disciples" who betrayed and killed Jesus!

We read the Bible, in life like Jesus, breaking the ecstasy, realizing the truth, insisting on the truth, we are "Jesus again", we are the direct biography of Jesus. In this way, it is not "legitimate priests and missionaries" that "saves" us, not "Jesus' disciples", nor Jesus, but also the truth realized by our own great wisdom.

（6）“并敞开心门邀请耶稣基督来进入我生命中”：这样一来“耶稣”就成了“我生命中”的“偶像”，所以这是与“传教士”污蔑中国神圣是“崇拜偶像”其实是同出一辙。我们经常听到“耶稣徒”污蔑信仰中国神圣是“崇拜偶像”，而他们却意识不到自己信仰耶稣也是“崇拜偶像”，足见他们的走火入魔层度之深。
我们“敞开心门邀请耶稣基督来进入我生命中”，还要把耶稣再送出去才行，否则，耶稣留在我们心里就成了我们永远的“心病”，因为耶稣希望我们成为他那样的人，我们如果让耶稣停在我们心里，我们就永远无法成为耶稣那样的人。
因此，我们应该“敞开心门邀请耶稣基督来进入我生命中”，然后再“敞开心门欢送耶稣基督离开我生命中”，这样我们才能成为与耶稣一样的破迷开悟者与坚持真理者，否则，就沦为了耶稣不愿看到的“耶稣的奴才”，就会让耶稣死不瞑目。
(6) "And open your heart and invite Jesus Christ to come into my life": in this way, "Jesus" becomes the "Idol" of "my life", so it is the same as "missionaries" who slander China's holiness as "idolatry". We often hear "Jesuits" slander that belief in Chinese holiness is "idolatry", but they don't realize that their belief in Jesus is also "idolatry", which shows that they are deeply possessed by demons.

We "open our hearts and invite Jesus Christ to come into my life", and we have to send Jesus out again. Otherwise, Jesus staying in our hearts will become our eternal "heart disease", because Jesus wants us to be like him. If we let Jesus stay in our hearts, we will never be like Jesus.

Therefore, we should "open our hearts to invite Jesus Christ into my life", and then "open our hearts to welcome Jesus Christ out of my life". Only in this way can we become the same disillusioners and truth upholders as Jesus. Otherwise, we will become the "slaves of Jesus" that Jesus does not want to see, and will make Jesus die in peace.

（7）“成为我个人的救主和生命的主宰”：耶稣在两千多年前就因为门徒“犹大”的出卖“被钉死十字架”了，耶稣都没有成为自己的“救主和生命的主宰”，所以耶稣也不能成为任何人的“救主和生命的主宰”！你连这样的道理都不懂，说明你已经畜生不如了，你死后下地狱、之后沦为畜生是一定的了。
我们通过耶稣因为门徒的出卖“被钉死十字架”而觉悟真理，所以我们只有不相信“合法神父与传教士”的言论，才能避免耶稣“被钉死十字架”的悲剧重演，我们才能“成为我个人的救主和生命的主宰”。
我们“成为我个人的救主和生命的主宰”表现在：不能成为“耶稣徒”就“承认自己是个罪人”，否则，就会发生与耶稣一样“被钉死十字架”的悲剧！我们的“救主和生命的主宰”是我们自己聪慧的头脑！是我们自己明辨是非的大智慧！

我们在生活中做个正直善良的好人，不相信曾经把耶稣送上“十字架被钉死”的那些“耶稣的门徒”，也没理由相信他们的“祷告文”，这样我们才能避免耶稣“被钉死十字架”的悲剧重演，只有这样才能让耶稣真正成为我们的“救主和生命的主宰”。
(7) "Become my personal Savior and master of life": Jesus was "crucified" more than 2000 years ago because his disciple "Judas" betrayed him. Jesus did not become his own "savior and master of life", so Jesus could not become anyone's "savior and master of life"! You don't even know such a truth, which means that you are not as good as a beast. It is certain that you will go to hell after death and become a beast later.

We realize the truth through Jesus' betrayal of "crucifixion" by his disciples. Therefore, only when we do not believe in the words of "legitimate priests and missionaries" can we avoid the repetition of the tragedy of "crucifixion" of Jesus and "become my personal Savior and the master of my life".

We "become my personal Savior and the master of my life" is shown in: if we can't be "Jesus disciples", we "admit that we are a sinner", otherwise, we will be "crucified" like Jesus! Our "savior and master of life" is our own intelligent mind! It's our great wisdom to distinguish right from wrong!

We should be honest and good people in our life. We don't believe the "disciples of Jesus" who once sent Jesus to the "crucifixion" and have no reason to believe their "prayers". Only in this way can we avoid the repetition of the tragedy of "crucifixion" of Jesus. Only in this way can we make Jesus truly become our "savior and master of life".

（8）“感谢您赦免我的罪”：你们因为倦于思考、盲从盲信、以讹传讹而念的“祷告文”，其实是魔鬼制造奴才的“入魔文”。你们用魔鬼的“祷告文”扭曲、污蔑了耶稣为真理献身的光辉形象，掩盖了耶稣因为门徒的出卖而“被钉死十字架”的事实真相，所以，你们念的“祷告文”让耶稣死不瞑目，所以上帝与耶稣都无法“赦免你的罪”！你们都有不究真理、毁谤耶稣的罪过！你们都将失去宝贵的人身，地狱刑满后罚为畜生！
(8) "Thank you for forgiving my sin": the "prayer" you read because you are tired of thinking, blindly following and believing, and spreading false information is actually the "enchanted text" created by the devil. You use the devil's "prayer" to distort and slander the glorious image of Jesus' sacrifice for the truth, and cover up the fact that Jesus was "crucified" because of the betrayal of his disciples. Therefore, the "prayer" you read made Jesus die in his own eyes, so neither God nor Jesus can "forgive your sin"! You are all guilty of not seeking the truth and slandering Jesus! You will all lose your precious human body, and you will be punished as animals after the end of hell!

（9）“我今后愿意顺服圣灵的引领，接受圣灵的掌管”：“顺服圣灵的引领”，在生活中做个问心无愧的人就行，不要入“耶稣教”，因为“耶稣的门徒里”有出卖耶稣的叛徒。在没有耶稣后，会有更多的人打着“耶稣的门徒的名义”（新“犹大”）出卖耶稣的清誉。
入“耶稣教”后，“承认自己是个罪人”这不是“顺服圣灵的引领”，而是“顺服邪灵的引领”，因为圣灵不会引领你“承认自己是个罪人”，圣灵引领人做个有智慧的清醒人、正常人，绝不会让你“承认自己是个罪人”沦为“传教士、耶稣的门徒”的奴才。“传教士、耶稣的门徒”都会出卖他们的主人耶稣，当然也会出卖你这个“耶稣徒”。

“接受圣灵的掌管”，是看破“传教士、耶稣的门徒”让人“祷告”是魔鬼在蛊惑人心。你不能看破“传教士、耶稣的门徒”是怎样通过让人“祷告”蛊惑人心的，你也就无法 “接受圣灵的掌管”，你会 “接受邪灵的掌管”而不知。
你 “接受圣灵的掌管”，就要识破、揭露“传教士、耶稣的门徒”是魔鬼的化身才行，你却没有“传教士、耶稣的门徒”是魔鬼的化身的意识，说明你已经“顺服了邪灵的引领，接受了邪灵的掌管”。说明你已经成为了出卖你们的主人耶稣的叛徒、洋鬼子。
(9) "I am willing to submit to the guidance of the Holy Spirit and accept the control of the Holy Spirit in the future": "submit to the guidance of the Holy Spirit" and be a man with a clear conscience in life. Don't join "Jesuit", because there are traitors who betray Jesus in "Jesus' disciples". In the absence of Jesus, there will be more people selling Jesus' reputation in the name of "disciples of Jesus" (new "Judas").

After entering the "Jesuit Church", it is not "obedience to the guidance of the Holy Spirit", but "obedience to the guidance of the evil spirit", because the Holy Spirit will not lead you to "admit that you are a sinner". The Holy Spirit will lead you to be a wise, sober and normal person, and will never let you "admit that you are a sinner" and become a slave of "missionaries and disciples of Jesus"“ Missionaries and disciples of Jesus will betray their Master Jesus, and of course they will betray you as a Jesuit.

“ To accept the control of the Holy Spirit is to see that "missionaries, disciples of Jesus" make people "pray" and that the devil is bewitching people. You can't see how "missionaries, disciples of Jesus" bewitch people by "praying", so you can't "accept the control of the Holy Spirit", and you will "accept the control of the evil spirit".

When you "accept the control of the Holy Spirit", you have to see through and expose that "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" are the incarnation of the devil. However, you do not have the consciousness that "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" are the incarnation of the devil, which means that you have "obeyed the guidance of the evil spirit and accepted the control of the evil spirit". It shows that you have become a traitor and foreign devil who betrayed your Master Jesus.

（10）“使我的生活合乎您的旨意”：你能识破现在“耶稣教”中，哪些是正在出卖耶稣的“传教士、耶稣门徒”与言论，你就合乎了耶稣的旨意。如果你不能分辨哪些是出卖耶稣的“犹大的化身与犹大的言论”，你就无法合乎耶稣的旨意。
你不能觉察这个“祷告文”就是出卖耶稣的“犹大的言论”，让你念这个“祷告文”的人就是出卖耶稣的“犹大的化身”，你就无法合乎耶稣的旨意。
(10) "Make my life according to your will": if you can see through the "missionaries and disciples of Jesus" who are betraying Jesus, you will be in accordance with Jesus' will. If you can't tell which is the "incarnation of Judas" who betrays Jesus from what Judas says, you won't be able to meet Jesus' will.

You can't realize that this "prayer" is the "Judas' speech" of betraying Jesus. The person who makes you read this "prayer" is the "Judas' incarnation" of betraying Jesus. You can't conform to Jesus' will.

（11）“奉耶稣基督的圣名祈求祷告”：你奉上帝的“圣名祈求祷告”也没用，上帝都不会去救度他的“独生子耶稣”，更不会去让你这个“耶稣徒”达到妄想。
就是耶稣在生之日，耶稣的门徒“犹大”都会毫不掩饰的去出卖耶稣！耶稣死后，当然会有多如牛毛的“犹大”出卖耶稣！你没有这个意识与觉悟，你就一定沦为“犹大的门徒”，你们一定在合伙出卖耶稣了。
“奉耶稣基督的圣名祈求祷告”，就是“犹大的门徒”在出卖耶稣的表现。
(11) "Pray in the name of Jesus Christ": it's useless for you to pray in the name of God. God won't save his "only Son Jesus", let alone let you achieve delusion.

Even on the day of Jesus' life, Judas, the disciple of Jesus, would betray Jesus without any disguise! After the death of Jesus, of course, there will be many "Judas" betraying Jesus! If you do not have this consciousness and consciousness, you must be reduced to "Judas' disciples", and you must be betraying Jesus in partnership.

“ "Praying in the name of Jesus Christ" is the performance of "Judas' disciples" in betraying Jesus.

（12）“阿门”：“阿门”这两个字根本不是希望所有的祈祷都能按照自己的愿望而实现，上帝允许所求而给予保佑的意思。因为上帝都不会去保佑“他的独生子”，更不会保佑你这个“耶稣徒”，所以，上帝绝不会允许你的所求。你念“阿门”的时候，你们事实上已经成为了“犹大的门徒”，你们已经成为了新时代出卖耶稣的“犹大”。
上帝让“他的独生子被钉十字架而死”，本意是在告诉世人：不要祈求上帝，而是要“求诸自身、远离小人、防范小人才能明哲保身”，结果你们都不去思考耶稣“被钉十字架而死”的原因，反而置耶稣被门徒出卖的事实于不顾，全部都重蹈耶稣的覆辙，全部都沦为了“犹大的门徒”，成为了在新时代出卖耶稣的“犹大”，这怎能不让上帝与耶稣寒心啊？！

说明：请大家觉悟！耶稣“被钉死在十字架上”，上帝都没去拯救耶稣，上帝会拯救你吗？！决不可能！所以耶稣教的“上帝保佑你、上帝保佑”，是与佛教的“南无阿弥陀佛”、道教的“福生无量天尊”一样的魔王蛊惑人心、害人慧命的妖魔邪说。
教主归天，教徒离经叛道。教徒以自己的理解与方式猜度耶稣本人思想，再打着耶稣的名义向世人宣说，这是典型的“魔来乱道”！
(12) "Amen": the word "amen" does not mean that all prayers can be fulfilled according to one's own wishes. God allows one to ask for blessing. Because God will not bless "his only son", and will not bless you as a "Jesuit", so God will never allow you to ask. When you read "amen", you have actually become "disciples of Judas", and you have become "Judas" who betrayed Jesus in the new era.

God's intention of letting his only son be crucified is to tell the world not to pray for God, but to "pray for yourself, stay away from villains, and guard against villains in order to protect yourself". As a result, you don't think about the reason why Jesus was crucified and died. Instead, you ignore the fact that Jesus was betrayed by his disciples, and all of you repeat Jesus' mistakes, All of them became "Judas' disciples" and "Judas" who betrayed Jesus in the new era. How can God and Jesus not be cold hearted?!

Note: please be aware! Jesus "was crucified", God did not save Jesus, will God save you?! No way! Therefore, the "God bless you and God bless you" of Jesuits is a kind of demon heresy, which is the same as the "Amitabha Buddha" of Buddhism and the "blessed and boundless heaven" of Taoism.

When the leader returns to heaven, the believers are rebellious. Believers guess Jesus' thoughts with their own understanding and way, and then proclaim to the world in the name of Jesus that this is a typical "devil comes to disturb the way"!

3、案例：山东省单县 泰山法顺 2015年1月7日 17:18
（1）我与我妈以前都是信基督教的，我妈每次和同修去给病人祷告，祷告的过程中总是会被妖邪附体，浑身颤抖开不了口。
【说明：我的弟子泰山法顺今年19岁，与他妈一起在深圳打工。这是他第四次领着妈妈在深圳打工了，因为他们只要回到家乡山东单县，他爸爸就会酗酒、打他妈。
他妈出于慈悲救人“和同修去给病人祷告”，因为不能保护自己而成为被邪魔折磨的可怜人。这还不能发泄邪魔的怒气，邪魔附在他爸爸身上，让他爸爸打他妈，直到拆散他们这个家庭。这就是信仰“耶稣教、基督教”的后果！这就是慈悲救人的果报！
“母亲每次和同修一起给病人祷告”，就像没有练过武功就去“武林风”打比赛一样，只能当靶子。空有救人的心，没有“投明师、真本领”，只能当“炮灰”。
请问：这是在天的“耶稣”喜闻乐见的吗？！无辜的耶稣受到无数人的埋怨，愚昧无知的世人不知道“犹大的化身”在主持“耶稣教、基督教”。】
3. Case: Shan county, Shandong Province Taishan Fa-Shun 17:18, January 7, 2015

（ 1) My mother and I used to believe in Christianity. Every time my mother and her fellow practitioners went to pray for patients, she was always possessed by demons and could not open her mouth.

【 Explanation: My disciple Taishan fashun is 19 years old and works in Shenzhen with his mother. This is the fourth time he has led his mother to work in Shenzhen, because as long as they go back to their hometown Shan county, Shandong Province, his father will drink and beat his mother.

His mother, out of compassion, saved others and "prayed to the sick with her fellow practitioners", because she could not protect herself, she became a poor man tortured by evil spirits. This can't vent the evil spirit's anger. The evil spirit is attached to his father and let him beat his mother until they break up the family. This is the consequence of believing in "Jesuit, Christianity"! This is the result of compassion!

“ Every time a mother prays to a patient with her fellow practitioners, it's like going to the "Wulinfeng" competition without practicing martial arts. She can only be a target. If you have the heart to save others, you can only be "cannon fodder" instead of "casting masters and true skills".

Excuse me: is this what Jesus loves to see and hear in heaven?! The innocent Jesus was complained by countless people, and the ignorant world didn't know that "the incarnation of Judas" was in charge of "Jesuit and Christianity."

（2）记得有一次我妈在河边洗衣服，突然觉得背后被什么推了一下，人一头栽到水里了。我妈不会游泳，河边又是斜坡，我妈在心里赶紧喊耶稣救我，然后就很轻松的按着泥浮出了水面。【说明：（1）是“洋鬼子”把她推到河里的。（2）不该死的人，喊谁都一样。】
(2) I remember once when my mother was washing clothes by the river, she suddenly felt pushed by something behind her back and fell into the water. My mother can't swim, the river is a slope, my mother in the heart quickly called Jesus to save me, and then very easily according to the mud surface【 Explanation: (1) foreign devils pushed her into the river（ 2) It's the same for those who don't deserve to die.】

（3）还有就是如果我妈一段时间不去聚会祷告，就会梦到“天上来灾难了”，又有同修说：如果信者不信了，会不平安，魔鬼会找你算账。危难时救你了，平安时你忘记了，他不会忘记你？【说明：这都是上了“贼船”的表现！也是魔王在威胁、恐吓入教的善信的表现！】

（4）不过很少有同修者梦到耶稣，我妈经常梦到耶稣，我也不知道怎么回事，可不可以问一下我母亲是不是真的见过耶稣。【说明：就像烧香磕头的人梦到“神佛”一样，都是“洋鬼子”（妖魔鬼怪）变化的神圣模样。】
(3) Another is that if my mother does not go to a meeting to pray for a period of time, she will dream that "disaster is coming from heaven". Another fellow practitioner says that if the believer does not believe, it will not be safe, and the devil will settle with you. When you are in danger, you forget when you are safe, he won't forget you【 Explanation: This is the performance of being on the "thief ship"! It's also a manifestation of the devil's good faith in threatening and intimidating the disciples!]

（ 4) However, very few practitioners dream of Jesus. My mother often dreams of Jesus. I don't know what's going on. Could you ask if my mother has really seen Jesus【 Explanation: just like people who burn incense and kowtow dream of "god Buddha", they are all the sacred images of "foreign ghosts" (demons and ghosts)】

4、广灵子（王奕颐）讲基督
（1）广灵子王奕颐 2015年1月10日 18:35
“十字架”是人心正直公平的标志。正直才能让自己来做主，自己能做主，自己就是真主。正直才能站得稳，正直才能靠得住，正直才能撑得久，正直才能通天。 “十字架”是开示每个人都要做到正直可靠，这才是上帝的福音！
手点一下额头胸部表示“正直”，再手点两肩表示“公平”，合起来就是十字架的标志“正直公平”。无论是办事之前还是吃饭之前、都要做这个手点“额胸两肩”的动作，是自己提醒自己要做到“正直公平”。手点额胸表示“上、底”，手点两肩表示“左、右”，合起来就是“上底左右”近似发音“上帝保佑”。
把让人认识自性的“正直公平”变成迷失自性的“上帝保佑”，那些诋毁基督的魔灵就是这样陷害中国人，只要你接触基督教，就把你弄成天天祈祷上帝保佑的怪胎。
4. Guanglingzi (Wang Yiyi) talks about Christ

（ 1) Guanglingzi Wang Yiyi 18:35, January 10, 2015

“ "Cross" is a symbol of the integrity and fairness of the people. Integrity is the only way to let yourself be the master. If you can be the master, you are Allah. Integrity can stand firm, integrity can be reliable, integrity can last long, integrity can reach heaven“ "Cross" is to show everyone to be honest and reliable, this is the gospel of God!

One hand on the forehead and chest means "integrity", and then two hands on the shoulders means "fairness". Together, it is the symbol of the cross "integrity and fairness". No matter before doing business or eating, we should do this action of "forehead, chest and shoulders" to remind ourselves to be "honest and fair". Hands on the forehead and chest means "upper and bottom", hands on the shoulders means "left and right", which together means "upper and bottom left and right", similar to the pronunciation of "God bless".

The "justice" that makes people know their own nature becomes the "God bless" that loses their own nature. The evil spirits who slander Christ frame the Chinese people in this way. As long as you contact Christianity, you will become a freak who prays for God's blessing every day.

（2）广灵子王奕颐 2015年1月12日23:33
曾经这样想着，这基督教究竟是什么东西。我该去看看基督教的书籍，即刻听到说：不用学了,今天学习佛法，明天学习道法，后天学习基督法，要是这样下去就有学不完的法，但用此心，慧能教你就好。
在前面看到一个外国人，头发及肩，山羊胡子有三寸长，相貌有点痴呆，谓之耶稣。心想：怎么“外国神”一点都不“神”。心生怀疑，自然就不打理他。
今天得到答案说：实在是没有脸见你们中国人，在你们中国的基督教不是我耶稣所教。我马上过去见礼，听到说：不用了，我儿免礼。
(2) Wang Yiyi, guanglingzi January 12, 2015 23:33

I used to think about what Christianity is. It's time for me to read Christian books. I immediately heard that there is no need to learn. Today I will learn Buddhism, tomorrow I will learn Taoism, and the day after tomorrow I will learn Christianity. If this continues, there will be endless dharmas to learn. But with this heart, I wish I could teach you.

In front of him, I saw a foreigner with three inches of hair and shoulders, a goatee, and a bit of dementia. He was called Jesus. Thought: how "foreign god" is not "God". If you doubt him, you will not take care of him.

Today, I got the answer: I really have no face to see you Chinese. Christianity in your China is not taught by Jesus. I went to see him immediately and heard him say: Don't stand on ceremony,my son.

（3）广灵子王奕颐 2015年1月1日23:28 士可杀，不可辱！
耶稣被剥光衣服裸体示众羞辱，给世人证明耶稣根本没有本领可以保护自己，只能受尽凌辱。也在告诉世人耶稣只是一个满腹经书、满口慈悲的唐僧，随时都会被吃掉。只有唐僧的慈悲没有悟空的本领来保护，最终耶稣只能活生生的沦为魔王的标靶！这也是在开示世人，你要是没有本领，也就休讲慈悲别出风头。
(3) Wang Yiyi, guanglingzi At 23:28 on January 1, 2015, you can't be insulted!

Jesus was stripped naked and humiliated, proving to the world that Jesus had no ability to protect himself and could only be humiliated. It also tells the world that Jesus is just a Tang Monk full of scriptures and compassion, who will be eaten at any time. Only the compassion of Tang monk, not Wukong's ability to protect, and ultimately Jesus can only live to become the target of the devil! This is also to show the world that if you don't have the ability, don't show mercy.

第三部分：国人对耶稣教的记忆
1、基督教是在1840年“鸦片战争”后，伴随在“洋鬼子”的坚船利炮之下全面进入中国的，在中国各地偷盗、劫掠我们的财富、文物的就是最早的外国基督教徒。
基督教在中国艰难的传教历程：十九世纪九十年代初，山东冠县(位聊城市西)于黎园屯发生外国教会势力勾结官府，强拆“玉皇庙”改建为教堂事件，赵三多被当地人民邀请率卒众声援。白天洋人在官兵的保护下扒庙盖教堂，晚上百姓扒教堂盖庙。1897年春，赵三多与阎书勤等二千多人在梨园屯“亮拳”三天，借此向教会势力和官府示威，也是义和拳开始转向武装斗争的标志。
1898年（光绪24年）春，山东巡抚张汝梅下令驻军官兵强行拆庙，逮捕赵三多、阎书勤等人，杀害了不少拳民。赵三多通过这一桩桩血的事实看透了清朝政府的腐败和人民大众生活的困苦艰难。在忍无可忍的情况下，于 1898年10月3日在山东冠县蒋家庄揭竿起义。为不牵连梅花拳，改名义和拳。并很快得到附近地区的响应，并快速扩展到山东河北等地，形成了规模宏大的义和团反帝爱民运动。
保家卫国的“义和团”运动之后，1900年八国联军进攻北京。俄罗斯正教、天主教和基督教中不少神职人员到侵略军中服务，他们有的充当随军的翻译，有的甚至穿起军服，有的传教士参加“联军”的抢劫活动。
The third part: People's memory of Jesuit

1. After the Opium War in 1840, Christianity entered China with the help of foreign devils. The earliest foreign Christians were the ones who stole and plundered our wealth and cultural relics.

The difficult missionary process of Christianity in China: in the early 1990s, in Liyuantun, Guanxian County, Shandong Province (located in the west of Liaocheng City), foreign church forces colluded with the government to demolish the "Yuhuang Temple" and rebuild it into a church. Zhao Sanduo was invited by the local people to show his support. During the day, foreigners built temples under the protection of officers and soldiers. At night, people built temples. In the spring of 1897, more than 2000 people, including Zhao Sanduo and Yan Shuqin, demonstrated to the church forces and the government in Liyuantun for three days, which was also a sign that yihequan began to turn to armed struggle.

In the spring of 1898 (the 24th year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu), Zhang Rumei, the governor of Shandong Province, ordered the garrison officers and soldiers to demolish the temple, arrested Zhao Sanduo, Yan Shuqin and others, and killed many boxers. Zhao Sanduo saw through the corruption of the Qing government and the hardship of the people's life through these blood facts. On October 3, 1898, the uprising was launched in jiangjiazhuang, Guanxian County, Shandong Province. In order not to involve plum blossom boxing, it was renamed Yihe boxing. And soon received response from nearby areas, and quickly extended to Shandong, Hebei and other places, forming a large-scale boxer anti imperialist patriotic movement.

After the Boxer Movement of defending the country, the Allied forces of eight countries attacked Beijing in 1900. Many clergy of Russian Orthodox Church, Catholic Church and Christianity served in the invading army. Some of them acted as interpreters with the army, some even wore military uniforms, and some missionaries took part in the robbery activities of the "coalition forces".

2、中国数千年来就是个道教、佛教国家，道教、佛教的信仰在中国根深蒂固，为了更好地把中国变为西方的殖民地，西方殖民者为了打开中国人的思想防线，达到主导中国人的思想的目的，于是在殖民地传播西方的基督教成为一种必然。
基督教成为西方殖民者坚船利炮之外不可替代的另一种“武器”。让基督教在中国落地生根、能够统治、占领中国人的思想高地成为殖民者统治殖民地人民的理想与有效手段。在殖民地传播基督教，是殖民者为了更好的统治殖民地人民的“文治”策略。一句话，基督教与坚船利炮，是殖民者统治殖民地人民的“文治武功”的手段与不可缺，是不折不扣的文化侵略！
例如：让清政府支持、给信徒食物、钱币，让信徒充当汉奸、走狗，当时人们管信仰“洋教”的人叫做“二毛子、假洋鬼子”。

现在社会，基督教依然是西方敌对势力分裂分化中国文化思想的一种手段！
认贼为父的汉奸、“二毛子、假洋鬼子”遍布中国的各个角落。
2. China has been a country of Taoism and Buddhism for thousands of years. The beliefs of Taoism and Buddhism are deeply rooted in China. In order to better turn China into a Western colony, the western colonists, in order to open up the ideological defense line of the Chinese people and achieve the purpose of dominating the Chinese people's thoughts, therefore, it is inevitable to spread Western Christianity in the colonies.

Christianity became another "weapon" that could not be replaced by western colonists. Let Christianity take root in China, be able to rule and occupy the ideological highlands of the Chinese people, and become the ideal and effective means for the colonists to rule the colonial people. Spreading Christianity in the colonies was a strategy of "cultural rule" for colonists to better rule the colonial people. In a word, Christianity and cannons are indispensable means for the colonists to rule the colonial people, and they are cultural aggression to the letter!

For example, they asked the Qing government to support them, give them food and money, and let them act as traitors and running dogs. At that time, people called those who believed in "foreign religion" Er Mao Zi and fake foreign devils.

In today's society, Christianity is still a means for Western hostile forces to divide and divide Chinese culture and thoughts!

Chinese traitors, er Mao Zi and fake foreign devils, who take thieves as their fathers, are all over China.

3、十六世纪末葡萄牙耶稣会经过澳门进入内地，他们把传教的重点放在中国的士大夫阶级中间，向中国的知识分子介绍西方的文明，他们用数学、天文、地理知识等来开拓这些人的眼界，利玛窦在同徐光启等士大夫的交往中就采取了这种形式。葡萄牙的耶稣会还采取了迎合汉族传统习惯，同意信仰天主教的中国教徒可以“尊孔、祭天、祀祖”。
清朝建立后，顺治皇帝任命天主教传教士负责“钦天监”工作，并允许天主教会“正当的传教活动”。直到康熙五十九年，由于罗马教廷妄自尊大，在“尊孔、祭天、祀祖”等“中国礼仪”问题上藐视中国皇帝的权利，干涉中国的内政，因此康熙皇帝要他们保证服从中国法度，允许中国教徒行中国礼仪，否则就不准传教。由于罗马教廷顽固的坚持自己的立场，在雍正、乾隆、嘉庆、道光四朝中受到了限制。
1689年《中俄尼布楚条约》签订后，一批信仰俄罗斯正教的俄国战俘被押解到北京，随后建立了第一所俄罗斯正教教堂。1714年在沙皇彼得一世的亲自过问下向北京派遣了第一届传道团，1729年又在北京建设了第二座教堂。1860年以前，俄罗斯正教驻北京传道团所做的工作同传教工作关系甚微，它的主要任务在于执行沙皇政府的指示，收集清政府的各种情报，以供沙俄政府制定侵略中国的政策作参考。
1844年中美《望厦条约》、中法《黄埔条约》中有一条内容规定：准许传教士在广州、厦门、宁波、上海等五个通商口岸建造教堂进行传教活动。这就清楚地表明了外国传教士来中国传教是殖民主义的侵略政策的产物。当时西方殖民势力还不能随意进入中国内地进行侵略活动，传教士就成了“炮舰政策”的有力补充。
1848年3月，英国传教士闯入青浦县，无故殴打当地居民，居民奋起反抗；1856年法国传教士马莱非法进入广西西林县，因犯罪被拘处死，在这所谓的”马神甫事件“发生后一年半，法国以此为借口发动侵略战争。
1860年《北京条约》规定，外国传教士可以可以深入中国内地传教，从此外国教会与中国人民的矛盾日益尖锐。
1868年4月台湾基督教徒庄清风依仗教会势力欺压同胞，百姓奋起打死庄清风，并拆毁了教堂。1870年6月21日天津人民因天主堂发生虐死婴儿事件群情激昂，法国领事对天津知县刘杰开枪行凶，群众奋起反抗。1876年传教士在安徽建平县强行传教，引起纠纷民众有两名死亡；1891年6月在湖北省广济县武穴镇，发生外国传教士虐死儿童事件，百姓千余人焚毁教堂并击毙一名传教士；同年9月在湖北宜昌因法国天主教“圣母堂”拐卖中国儿童，被拐卖的儿童的父母到教堂中寻找，教堂隔壁的美国圣公会传教士开枪行凶。
以上所列的“教案”，只是当时“教案”的极小一部分，其结局都是中国以当地官员被革职，包赔白银数万两为终结。
3. At the end of the 16th century, the Portuguese Jesuits entered the mainland through Macao. They focused on the Chinese scholar bureaucrats and introduced western civilization to Chinese intellectuals. They used mathematics, astronomy and geography to broaden their horizons. Matteo Ricci took this form in his contacts with Xu Guangqi and other scholar bureaucrats. The Jesuits in Portugal also catered to the traditional customs of the Han nationality, and agreed that Chinese Catholics could "worship Confucius, heaven and ancestors".

After the establishment of the Qing Dynasty, Emperor Shunzhi appointed Catholic missionaries to be responsible for the work of "qintianjian" and allowed the Catholic Church to "conduct proper missionary activities". Until the 59th year of Kangxi, because of the arrogance of the Holy See, it despised the rights of the Chinese emperor and interfered in China's internal affairs on the issues of "Chinese etiquette" such as "respecting Confucius, worshiping heaven, worshiping ancestors". Therefore, Emperor Kangxi asked them to obey Chinese laws and allow Chinese believers to practice Chinese etiquette, otherwise they would not be allowed to preach. Because the Vatican stubbornly insisted on its position, it was restricted in the four dynasties of Yongzheng, Qianlong, Jiaqing and Daoguang.

After the signing of the Sino Russian Treaty of nebuchu in 1689, a group of Russian prisoners of war who believed in Russian Orthodox Church were escorted to Beijing, and then the first Russian Orthodox Church was established. In 1714, under the personal involvement of Czar Peter I, he sent the first mission to Beijing, and in 1729, he built a second church in Beijing. Before 1860, the work of the mission of the Orthodox Church in Beijing was very little related to missionary work. Its main task was to implement the instructions of the Tsar government and collect all kinds of intelligence from the Qing government, so as to provide reference for the government of Saudi Arabia to formulate policies to invade China. Simultaneous interpreting is a good example.

There is a provision in the Sino US Treaty of Wangxia in 1844 and the Sino French Treaty of Huangpu: missionaries are allowed to build churches at five trading ports, including Guangzhou, Xiamen, Ningbo and Shanghai, for missionary activities. This clearly shows that foreign missionaries came to China to preach is the product of colonial aggressive policy. At that time, the Western colonial forces could not enter the mainland of China to carry out aggressive activities at will, and the missionaries became a powerful supplement to the "gunboat policy".

In March 1848, the British missionaries broke into Qingpu County and beat the local residents for no reason, and the residents rose up to resist; In 1856, French missionary Malay entered Xilin County of Guangxi illegally and was arrested and executed for crimes. One and a half years after the so-called "priest Ma incident", France launched a war of aggression on this pretext.

In 1860, the Treaty of Beijing stipulated that foreign missionaries could go deep into the mainland of China to preach. Since then, the contradiction between foreign missionaries and the Chinese people has become increasingly acute.

In April 1868, Zhuang Qingfeng, a Christian in Taiwan, relied on church forces to bully his compatriots. The people rose up to kill Zhuang Qingfeng and demolished the church. On June 21, 1870, the people of Tianjin were excited about the incident of child abuse in the Catholic Church. The French consul opened fire on Liu Jie, the magistrate of Tianjin, and the masses rose to revolt. In 1876, the missionaries forcibly preached in Jianping County, Anhui Province, causing disputes and two people died; In June 1891, in Wuxue Town, Guangji County, Hubei Province, foreign missionaries abused and killed children. More than 1000 people burned the church and killed a missionary; In September of the same year, in Yichang, Hubei Province, Chinese children were abducted and sold by the French Catholic Church of Notre Dame. The parents of the abducted children went to the church to look for them. The American Anglican missionaries next to the church shot and killed them.

The "religious cases" listed above were only a small part of the "religious cases" at that time. The end result was that China's local officials were dismissed and paid tens of thousands of taels of silver.

一百多年前的越南用的文字就是我们的汉字，后来越南成为了法国的殖民地，一个法国传教士感到中国文字不太好懂，就用英语的二十四个字母创造了沿用至今的越南文字。
历史上来到中国的基督徒，让我们比较所熟知的名字有：按景教碑记载，唐太宗贞观九年（635），聂斯脱利派的波斯传教士阿罗本（Olopen）来到唐都长安，成为基督教传入中国的先驱；传教士马可波罗，元朝他来中国宣传天主教，17岁时离开出生地威尼斯到中国；明朝传教士利玛窦，是一位意大利籍天主教的神父；意大利传教士乾隆的宫廷画师郎世宁、、。来华传教士，也是最早把中国文化介绍到西方世界去的人。
Vietnam used Chinese characters more than a hundred years ago. Later Vietnam became a French colony. A French missionary felt that Chinese characters were not very good at understanding, so he created Vietnamese characters in English with 24 letters.

The Christians who came to China in history have been well known for their names: according to the Jingjiao monument, the ninth year of Emperor Taizong's Zhenguan (635), the Persian missionary olopen of niestoli came to Chang'an, the capital of Tang Dynasty, and became the pioneer of Christianity in China; Marco Polo, a missionary, came to China to promote Catholicism in Yuan Dynasty, leaving Venice, where he was born, to China when he was 17; The missionary of Ming Dynasty, Ricci, was an Italian Catholic priest; Langshining, a court painter of the Italian missionary Qianlong. Missionaries in China were also the first to introduce Chinese culture to the western world.

4、历史证明，基督教并没有让西方人做到基督教宣称的“上帝爱你、耶稣爱你、我们信耶稣的人都爱你”，基督教并没能像圣经上说的那样让西方世界成为“有爱心的人”的世界。相反，基督教的国家一度全部都是殖民主义国家，给世界上很多“需要爱”的国家造成巨大的伤害。就在近代殖民地人们纷纷独立后的今天，基督教的发源地还在一度上演着震惊全球的战争！
正因为西方是个缺少“爱”的地方，所以才有了耶稣，耶稣教他们“仁爱、爱人”了，他们有些人就是听不进去，还把圣经歪曲成为他们自私私利、为所欲为的堂皇借口。这种现象是“坏人读了好书，依然是坏人”。
历史上，佛家、道家的某些人也一度成为某个人为达到其笼络人心的政治目的的有效工具。

“妖魔”绑架了宗教中的某些人，让宗教成为某些人统治人心、害人慧命的工具，这种现象古来就有，现在、以后也不会消失。 “道来魔生”今古皆然。
4. History has proved that Christianity has not made Westerners realize the Christian claim that "God loves you, Jesus loves you, and all of us who believe in Jesus love you." Christianity has not made the western world a world of "loving people" as the Bible says. On the contrary, Christian countries were once all colonialist countries, which caused great harm to many countries "in need of love" in the world. Today, after the modern colonists became independent one after another, the birthplace of Christianity was still in a war that shocked the whole world!

It is precisely because of the lack of "love" in the West that Jesus came into being. Jesus taught them to "love and love". Some of them just couldn't listen to him and distorted the Bible as a grand excuse for their selfishness and self-interest. This phenomenon is that "bad people are still bad people after reading good books".

In history, some Buddhists and Taoists once became an effective tool for a person to achieve his political purpose.

“ "Demons" kidnap some people in religion and make religion a tool for some people to rule people's minds and harm people's wisdom. This phenomenon has existed since ancient times and will not disappear now and in the future“ It's true in both ancient and modern times.

第四部分：基督教史
1、《马太福音》记载耶稣是由施洗约翰施洗的，由于施洗约翰是犹太教徒，“拿撒勒”的耶稣所创立的这个教派是犹太教的一个分离派别，由于他反对犹太教的祭祀集团，因此属于犹太教的分支。
由于犹太教的祭祀集团的出卖，而被罗马派驻地的巡抚判处死刑，耶稣被钉死在十字架上。基督教刚产生的近三百年间，曾走过一段相当“苦难”的历程。基督教首先在希腊语地区发展，后来发展到罗马帝国的中心地区。由于罗马皇帝是当时罗马帝国国教的“神”，而基督教是一个被帝国判处死刑的犹太人所创立，并以罗马帝国执行死刑的工具“十字架”作为信仰标志，被宣布非法。
基督教教义的各种经卷在一世纪下半叶到二世纪逐渐产生、定型，就是现在流行的《新约》各卷的先后出现。初期教会的主持人都掌管财权，并通过财权掌管“神权”。
三世纪中叶基督教几乎在罗马帝国的全境都建立起了教会，尽管教义并没有统一，但在基本信仰上是一致的。三世纪以后，罗马帝国出现了衰亡的征兆。罗马帝国的统治集团中一些新兴的贵族看到基督教在罗马帝国内部存在的广度与深度，基督教为了本身的存在和发展也积极在统治集团内部进行传教。313年，罗马西部争夺霸权的君士坦丁和在东部争夺霸权的莱西尼乌斯为了取得信仰基督教的群众的支持，联合发表了《米兰敕令》，给基督教以合法的地位。392年，罗马皇帝狄奥多西以法令的形式将基督教正式定为罗马帝国的“国教”。
当基督教成为罗马帝国的国教以后，基督教对于“异端”派别的镇压，其残酷程度丝毫不亚于罗马帝国的统治者。
The fourth part: the history of Christianity

1. The gospel of Matthew records that Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist. Because John the Baptist is a Jew, Jesus of Nazareth founded this sect, which is a separate sect of Judaism. Because he opposed the sacrifice group of Judaism, it belongs to the branch of Judaism.

Because of the betrayal of the Jewish sacrifice group, he was sentenced to death by the governor of the Roman camp, and Jesus was crucified. In the nearly three hundred years since Christianity came into being, it has gone through a period of "suffering". Christianity first developed in Greek speaking areas, and later in the heart of the Roman Empire. Because the Roman emperor was the "God" of the state religion of the Roman Empire at that time, and Christianity was founded by a Jew who was sentenced to death by the Empire, and was declared illegal with the "cross" as the symbol of belief.

From the second half of the first century to the second century, various scriptures of Christian doctrine gradually came into being and took shape, which is the appearance of the popular New Testament. In the early days, the church leaders were in charge of financial power and "divine power" through financial power.

In the middle of the third century, Christianity established churches almost all over the Roman Empire. Although the doctrines were not unified, their basic beliefs were consistent. After the third century, the Roman Empire appeared signs of decline. In the ruling group of the Roman Empire, some emerging nobles saw the breadth and depth of the existence of Christianity in the Roman Empire. Christianity also actively preached in the ruling group for its own existence and development. In 313, Constantine, who was fighting for hegemony in the west of Rome, and lysinius, who was fighting for hegemony in the east of Rome, jointly issued the edict of Milan in order to obtain the support of the masses who believed in Christianity, giving Christianity a legal status. In 392, the Roman Emperor Theodosius officially established Christianity as the "national religion" of the Roman Empire in the form of decrees.

When Christianity became the national religion of the Roman Empire, the cruelty of Christianity to the "heretic" factions was no less than that of the rulers of the Roman Empire.

395年罗马帝国分裂为东罗马帝国和西罗马帝国，以希腊语地区为主的东派教会和以拉丁语地区为主的西派教会之间的矛盾更加激烈。罗马主教为了取得基督教的首席地位，同东派教会的四大主教区在神学和其他问题上进行了激烈的斗争，最后终于导致了1054年基督教的第一次大分裂，形成了正教（俗称“东正教”）和罗马公教（即“天主教”）两大派。
在十六世纪西欧宗教改革以后，天主教内部又分裂出反对罗马教廷统治的基督教新教各派，这样基督教就分为正教、天主教和基督教新教等三大派。
In 395, the Roman Empire was divided into East Roman Empire and West Roman Empire. The contradiction between the East Church mainly in Greek speaking areas and the West church mainly in Latin speaking areas was more intense. In order to gain the primacy of Christianity, Roman bishops had a fierce struggle with the four major dioceses of the Eastern Church on theology and other issues, which finally led to the first great division of Christianity in 1054, and formed the Orthodox Church (commonly known as "Orthodox Church") and Roman Catholic Church (namely "Catholic Church").

After the religious reform in Western Europe in the 16th century, the Catholic Church split into Protestant groups which opposed the rule of the Holy See. Thus, Christianity was divided into three groups: Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant.

2、东正教
1589年莫斯科俄罗斯正教会取得自主地位后，正教实际上形成了希腊正教和俄罗斯正教两大系统。俄罗斯正教1671年开始传入当时尚属我国版图的雅克萨地区。十八世纪初，俄罗斯正教传教团进入北京。
2. Orthodox Church

After the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow gained its independent status in 1589, the Orthodox Church actually formed two systems: Greek Orthodox Church and Russian Orthodox Church. Russian Orthodox Church began to spread into yakesha in 1671. In the early 18th century, the Russian Orthodox Mission entered Beijing.

3、天主教
天主教是1054年基督教大分裂后西派教会（拉丁教会）的自称。天主教会（即罗马公教）在整个中世纪逐渐地获得了垄断文化教育的地位 ，因而教育本身也渗透了神学的性质，政治和法律都掌握在僧侣手中。教会教条同时就是政治信条，圣经词句在各法庭中都有法律效力。
天主教作为西欧封建社会的精神支柱，又以制定教会法的形式，掌握了修封建社会的立法权和一部分司法大权。教会法成为欧洲中世纪国家的通用法典。
意大利的著名哲学家、天文学家布鲁诺，由于坚持宣传波兰天文学家哥白尼的日新学说，反对地心学说，因此从根本上动摇与推翻了基督教的全部神学基础，而受到”异端裁判所“残酷迫害，被活活的烧死！！！
天主教在西欧封建社会中处于“万流归宗的地位”，是西欧封建统治最大的堡垒和精神支柱。“神父要信徒捐献维持教会，许诺教徒捐献可以赎罪，而神父自己却以他们的丑行来诋毁教会，一心追求吃、穿、美酒、美女，他们之中越是无耻，就越能爬上高位”。以农民和城市平民为主的宗教改革运动，在十六世纪针对天主教发起了猛烈的攻击，导致天主教的分裂产生了基督教新教的各教派。现在信仰天主教的人是世界最多。
3. Catholicism

Catholicism is the name of the Western Church (Latin Church) after the great division of Christianity in 1054. The Catholic Church (Roman Catholic Church) gradually gained the monopoly of culture and education throughout the middle ages, so education itself also permeated the nature of theology, and politics and law were in the hands of monks. Church dogma is also a political creed. Biblical words have legal effect in every court.

As the spiritual pillar of the feudal society in Western Europe, Catholicism, in the form of enacting church law, controlled the legislative power and part of the judicial power of the feudal society. Ecclesiastical law became the common code of European medieval countries.

Bruno, a famous Italian philosopher and astronomer, insisted on publicizing Copernicus's Neo Japanese theory and opposed geocentric theory. Therefore, he fundamentally shaken and overturned all the theological foundations of Christianity, and was cruelly persecuted and burned alive by the "heretic Tribunal"!!!

Catholicism was in the position of "returning thousands of people to their ancestors" in the feudal society of Western Europe, and it was the biggest fortress and spiritual pillar of feudal rule in Western Europe“ The priest wants the believers to donate to maintain the church, and promises that the believers can make atonement by donating. However, the priest himself slanders the church with their ugly deeds and pursues food, clothing, wine and beauty. The more shameless they are, the more they can climb to the top. ". In the 16th century, the religious reform movement with farmers and urban civilians as the main body launched a fierce attack against Catholicism, which led to the division of Catholicism and the emergence of various Protestant denominations. Now the number of Catholics is the largest in the world.

4、基督教新教
宗教改革之后分裂出去的基督教，在我国常被称为“耶稣教”。
十五世纪末，天主教会已经名誉扫地，宗教改革的先驱们虽然被罗马教廷处以死刑，但是他们的主张却记忆犹新。1517年德意志维腾贝格大学神学教授马丁路德在维腾贝格教堂门上张贴《九十五条论纲》公开反对教廷销售“赎罪卷”等违反《圣经》的做法。1555年德国皇帝查理五世被新教诸侯和天主教诸侯结成的同盟军战败，双方缔结了《奥格斯堡条约》，承认了马丁路德教派的合法地位。
马丁路德的神学思想强调“因信称义”，认为人要获得上帝的拯救不在于遵守教会规条，而在于个人的信仰。主张建立不受罗马教廷管辖的教会，提倡在宗教仪式中使用民族语言代替拉丁语。
恩格斯指出，这是欧洲资产阶级反对封建制度的长期斗争的第一次决战。它在之所以在宗教领域中进行，其原因是资产阶级同样需要宗教（不仅是利用宗教）。他们反对天主教的黑暗统治，反对不利于资产阶级生产关系发展的封建专制统治，因此在宗教上需要有一个反映自由竞争和人性的上帝。
马丁路德进行宗教改革不久，1560年法国人加尔文在瑞士日内瓦建立了加尔文宗（又称“归正宗”）。这个基督教的新教废除了主教制，代之以共和式的长老制，宣称“做官执政，蓄有私产，经商盈利，放债取息，同担任传教士一样，均可视为受命于上帝”。并从神学理论上阐述了鼓励自由竞争的“预定论”。
4. Protestant Christianity

After the religious reform, Christianity, which split out, is often called "Jesuit" in our country.

At the end of the 15th century, the Catholic Church had been discredited. Although the pioneers of religious reform were sentenced to death by the Holy See, their ideas are still fresh in memory. In 1517, Martin Luther, Professor of Theology at Wittenberg University, Germany, posted "95 theses" on the door of Wittenberg church, openly opposing the sale of "atonement roll" by the Holy See and other practices that violated the Bible. In 1555, the German Emperor Charles V was defeated by the alliance of Protestant and Catholic princes. The two sides concluded the Treaty of Augsburg, which recognized the legitimate status of Martin Lutheran.

Martin Luther's theological thought emphasizes "justification by faith", and holds that man's salvation lies not in the observance of church rules, but in his personal belief. It advocates the establishment of a church not under the jurisdiction of the Holy See and the use of national languages instead of Latin in religious ceremonies.

Engels pointed out that this was the first decisive battle of the European bourgeoisie in its long struggle against feudalism. The reason why it is carried out in the field of religion is that the bourgeoisie also needs religion (not only making use of Religion). They are against the dark rule of Catholicism and the feudal autocratic rule which is not conducive to the development of bourgeois production relations. Therefore, they need a god reflecting free competition and human nature in religion.

Shortly after Martin Luther's reformation, Calvin, a Frenchman, established Calvinism in Geneva, Switzerland in 1560. The Protestant church abolished the bishop system and replaced it with the Republican Presbyterian system, claiming that "being an official, holding private property, making profits in business, lending money and interest, as well as being a missionary, can be regarded as being entrusted by God.". And from the theological theory, it expounds the "predestination theory" of encouraging free competition.

第五部分：结束语
历代的基督教的人，他们在自己没有做到像耶稣当年（舍弃一切而献身真理）那样的情况下，做了许多远远超越、不是当年耶稣所教导的“身、心、言、行、意”的事情。
基督教的发展史同样是一部“魔来乱道”史！在天的耶稣只有叹息！

世界五大教，佛、道、儒、耶、回，在这五个创教教主中只有耶稣被钉死十字架，为什么？是“神的儿子”耶稣的造化不高？还是“邪恶漩涡”的地带不容真理的存在？
在地球的“邪恶漩涡”的地带，就连“神的儿子”耶稣都会不得善终，为什么？
你粘到“基督教”那里的“细菌”会怎样？你会比耶稣幸运？你会幸免于难？绝不可能。
The fifth part: conclusion

Christian people of all ages have done a lot of things far beyond the "body, heart, speech, action and will" that Jesus taught them when they did not do what Jesus did in those days.

The history of the development of Christianity is also a history of "evil comes to disturb the way"! Jesus in heaven only sighs!

Among the five great religions in the world, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Yahweh and Hui, only Jesus was crucified. Why? Is it the "son of God" that Jesus was not created? Or is there no truth in the "vortex of evil"?

In the earth's "evil vortex" zone, even the "son of God" Jesus will not end well, why?

What happens to the bacteria you stick to Christianity? Will you be luckier than Jesus? Will you survive? No way.

第六部分：《圣经》“马太福音 第二十六章”节选
26:14 当下、十二门徒里、有一个称为加略人犹大的、去见祭司长、说、
26:15 我把他交给你们、你们愿意给我多少钱。他们就给了他三十块钱。
26:16 从那时候、他就找机会、要把耶稣交给他们。
26:17 除酵节的第一天、门徒来问耶稣说、你吃逾越节的筵席、要我们在那里给你预备。
26:18 耶稣说、你们进城去、到某人那里、对他说、夫子说、我的时候快到了．我与门徒要在你家里守逾越节。
26:19 门徒遵着耶稣所吩咐的就去预备了逾越节的筵席。

26:22 到了晚上、耶稣和十二个门徒坐席。
26:21 正吃的时候、耶稣说、我实在告诉你们、你们中间有一个人要卖我了。
26:22 他们就甚忧愁、一个一个的问他说、主、是我么。
26:23 耶稣回答说、同我蘸手在盘子里的、就是他要卖我。
26:24 人子必要去世、正如经上指着他所写的、但卖人子的人有祸了．那人不生在世上倒好。
26:25 卖耶稣的犹大问他说、拉比、是我么。耶稣说、你说的是。
26:26 他们吃的时候、耶稣拿起饼来、祝福、就擘开、递给门徒、说、你们拿着吃．这是我的身体。
26:27 又拿起杯来、祝谢了、递给他们、说、你们都喝这个．
26:28 因为这是我立约的血、为多人流出来、使罪得赦。
26:29 但我告诉你们、从今以后、我不再喝这葡萄汁、直到我在我父的国里、同你们喝新的那日子。

26:45 于是来到门徒那里、对他们说、现在你们仍然睡觉安歇吧。〔吧或作么〕时候到了、人子被卖在罪人手里了。
26:46 起来、我们走吧．看哪、卖我的人近了。
26:47 说话之间、那十二个门徒里的犹大来了、并有许多人、带着刀棒、从祭司长和民间的长老那里、与他同来。
26:48 那卖耶稣的、给了他们一个暗号、说、我与谁亲嘴、谁就是他．你们可以拿住他。
26:49 犹大随即到耶稣跟前说、请拉比安．就与他亲嘴。
26:50 耶稣对他说、朋友、你来要作的事、就作吧。于是那些人上前、下手拿住耶稣。
26:51 有跟随耶稣的一个人、伸手拔出刀来、将大祭司的仆人砍了一刀、削掉了他一个耳朵。
26:52 耶稣对他说、收刀入鞘吧．凡动刀的、必死在刀下。
26:53 你想我不能求我父、现在为我差遣十二营多天使来么。
26:54 若是这样、经上所说、事情必须如此的话、怎么应验呢。
26:55 当时、耶稣对众人说、你们带着刀棒、出来拿我、如同拿强盗么．我天天坐在殿里教训人、你们并没有拿我。
26:56 但这一切的事成就了、为要应验先知书上的话。当下、门徒都离开他逃走了。

26:57 拿耶稣的人、把他带到大祭司该亚法那里去．文士和长老、已经在那里聚会。
26:58 彼得远远的跟着耶稣、直到大祭司的院子、进到里面、就和差役同坐、要看这事到底怎样。
26:59 祭司长和全公会、寻找假见证、控告耶稣、要治死他。
26:60 虽有好些人来作假见证、总得不着实据。末后有两个人前来说、
26:61 这个人曾说、我能拆毁 神的殿、三日内又建造起来。
26:62 大祭司就站起来、对耶稣说、你甚么都不回答么．这些人作见证告你的是甚么呢。
26:63 耶稣却不言语。大祭司对他说、我指着永生 神、叫你起誓告诉我们、你是 神的儿子基督不是。
26:64 耶稣对他说、你说的是．然而我告诉你们、后来你们要看见人子、坐在那权能者的右边、驾着天上的云降临。
26:65 大祭司就撕开衣服说、他说了僭妄的话、我们何必再用见证人呢。这僭妄的话、现在你们都听见了。
26:66 你们的意见如何．他们回答说、他是该死的。
26:67 他们就吐唾沫在他脸上、用拳头打他．也有用手掌打他的、说、
26:68 基督阿、你是先知、告诉我们打你的是谁。

Part six: "the gospel of Matthew" in the Bible Excerpts from Chapter 26

26:14 Then one of the twelve, Judas Iscariot, went to the chief priests and said

26:15 I give him to you, how much money are you willing to give me. They gave him thirty yuan.

26:16 From that time on, he sought an opportunity to deliver Jesus to them.

26:17 On the first day of unleavened bread, his disciples came and asked him, "where do you want us to prepare for you when you eat the passover.

26:18 Jesus said to them, "go into the city and come to someone and say to him," the master says, "my time is coming, and I and my disciples will keep the Passover in your house.

26:19 And the disciples went and prepared the passover as Jesus had commanded them.

26:22 And in the evening Jesus sat at table with the twelve.

26:21 While he was eating, he said, "truly I say to you, one of you will betray me.

26:22 And they were very sad, and one by one they asked him, "Lord, is it me?".

26:23 Jesus answered and said, "he who dips his hand in the dish with me is the one who will betray me.

26:24 The son of man will die, as it is written about him, but woe to the man who betrays the son of man, for it is good that he was not born in the world.

26:25 Judas, who betrayed him, asked him, "Rabbi, is it me. Jesus said, "you are right.

26:26 While they were eating, Jesus took bread and blessed it. He broke it and gave it to his disciples, saying, "take it and eat. This is my body.

26:27 And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, "drink this, all of you

26:28 For this is the blood of my covenant, which I have shed for many for the forgiveness of sins.

26:29 But I say to you, I will no longer drink the juice of this grape until the day when I drink it new with you in my father's kingdom.

26:45 So he came to the disciples and said to them, "now sleep and rest." The time has come for the son of man to be sold into the hands of sinners.

26:46 Get up and let's go. See, my seller is near.

26:47 While he was speaking, Judas, one of the twelve, came with him, and many with swords and clubs, from the chief priests and the elders of the people.

26:48 And he who betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, "whoever I kiss with is he; hold him.

26:49 Immediately Judas came to Jesus and said, "please, Rabbi." and he gave him a kiss.

26:50 Jesus said to him, "friend, do what you have come to do. So they came forward and laid their hands on Jesus.

26:51 One of the men who was with him reached out his hand and drew a sword. He struck the servant of the high priest and cut off his ear.

26:52 And Jesus said to him, "put the sword back into its sheath, for everyone who uses it will die by it.

26:53 Do you think I can't ask my father to send me twelve battalions of angels now.

26:54 If so, how can it come true that the Scripture says that things must be like this.

26:55 At that time Jesus said to the crowd, "do you come out with swords and clubs and take me as you take a robber? I sit in the temple teaching every day, but you did not take me.

26:56 But all these things were accomplished, that the words of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples left him and fled.

26:57 And those who took Jesus brought him to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and elders had assembled.

26:58 And Peter followed him afar off as far as the court of the high priest, and went in, and sat down with the servants, to see what it was.

26:59 And the chief priests and the whole council sought false testimony against Jesus to put him to death.

26:60 Although many people have come to give false testimony, there is no evidence. At the end of the day, two men came to me and said

26:61 This man said, "I can tear down the house of God and build it again in three days.

26:62 Then the high priest stood up and said to him, "do you answer nothing? What are these witnesses against you.

26:63 But Jesus said nothing. And the high priest said to him, "as the living God, I swear you to tell us whether you are the Christ, the son of God.

26:64 Jesus said to him, "you are right. But I say to you," later you will see the son of man sitting on the right hand of the powerful one and coming in the clouds of heaven.

26:65 Then the high priest tore his clothes and said, "he has blasphemed. Why do we need any more witnesses?". Now you have heard the blasphemy.

26:66 What is your opinion? They answered, "he should die.

26:67 And they spat on him, and smote him with their fists, and smote him with their palms, saying

26:68 Christ, you are a prophet and tell us who struck you.