广灵子论道（77）十字基督
Guanglingzi talks about Tao (77) Cross Christ
泰山道家中天道

Tai-Shan Taoism Zhong-Tian Sect

一、 喊着“上帝保佑”的号子，全部是感染了邪灵的病毒！
耶稣是被人活活的钉在木架上，说明上帝都没有去保佑耶稣，这样上帝会来保佑你吗？

“基督”乃是译音，译义即是“道统”。
“阿门”乃是外语，汉语即是“圣神”也是“人神”。

“阿门”这两个字发自鼻音，一念自然通神！
我就念了又念，这两个字实在稀奇。其音直通泥丸，焕发光芒。（请勿模仿！我们中天道的人都有兵马护法、师父看管，我念什么都能通神。你去念这两个字不但不会通神，只会感召邪灵趋附。）

1、 Chanting "God bless", all are infected with the evil spirit of the virus!

Jesus was nailed to the wooden frame alive, which means that God did not protect Jesus. You think God will protect(Bless) you?

“ "Christ" is a transliteration, and the translated meaning is "orthodoxy".

“ "Amen" is a foreign language, and Chinese is both "Holy Spirit" and "human God".

“ The two words "amen" come from the nasal sound, and they naturally communicate with each other!

I read it again and again. These two words are really rare. Its sound goes straight to the pineal body and radiates light（ Please don't imitate! All of us in the way of heaven have soldiers and horses to protect the Dharma and master to take care of it. I can communicate with God in everything I read. If you read these two words, you will not be able to communicate with God, but will only inspire evil spirits to follow you.)

二、十字架是人心正直公平的标志。
正直才能让自己来做主，自己能做主，自己就是真主。正直才能站得稳，正直才能靠得住，正直才能撑得久，正直才能通天。 十字架是开示每个人都要做到正直可靠，这才是上帝的福音！
手点一下额头胸部表示“正直”，再手点两肩表示“公平”，合起来就是十字架的标志“正直公平”。无论是办事之前还是吃饭之前、都要做这个手点额胸两肩的动作，是自己提醒自己要做到正直公平。手点额胸表示“上底”，手点两肩表示“左右”，合起来就是“上底左右”近似发音“上帝保佑”。
把让人认识自性的“正直公平”变成迷失自性的“上帝保佑”，那些基督的魔灵就是这样陷害中国人，只要你接触基督教，就把你弄成天天祈祷上帝保佑的怪胎。

你只有走进泰山道家，你才能成为真正的基督教徒。
你只有像孙悟空一样去拜师学道，等你学到有大闹天宫般的本领，你才可以去宣传上帝的福音，让你成为真正的人间天使。你要是没有得道后的神通法力，你就想要像耶稣那样去传道，你的下场只有比耶稣更糟糕！投明师、依法修炼，明心见性后你的元神才有能力去到上帝的身边，在你有生之年见到上帝。

曾经这样想着，这基督教究竟是什么东西。
我该去学习基督教的书籍，即刻听到说：不用学了，今天学习佛法，明天学习道法，后天学习基督法，要是这样下去就有学不完的法，但用此心，慧能教你就好。
在前面看到一个外国人，头发及肩，山羊胡子有三寸长，相貌有点痴呆，谓之耶稣。心想怎么外国神一点都不神，心生怀疑，自然就不打理他。今天得到答案说：实在是没有脸见你们中国人，在你们中国的基督教不是我耶稣所教。
我身边的兵将即刻拉我过去见礼，听到说：不用了，我儿免礼，我慢慢教你就行。

慧能无伎俩，不断百思想，基督是什么，我来跟你讲。
2、 The cross is a symbol of the integrity and fairness of the human heart.

Integrity is the only way to let yourself be the master. If you can be the master, you are Allah. Integrity can stand firm, integrity can be reliable, integrity can last long, integrity can reach heaven. The cross is to show that everyone should be honest and reliable, which is the gospel of God!

One hand on the forehead and chest means "integrity", and then two hands on the shoulders means "fairness". Together, it is the symbol of the cross "integrity and fairness". Whether it's before work or before eating, you should do this action, which is to remind yourself to be honest and fair. Hands on the forehead and chest means "upper floor", hands on the shoulders means "left and right", which together means "upper floor, left and right", similar to the pronunciation of "God bless".

The "justice" that makes people know their own nature becomes the "God bless" that loses their own nature. The evil spirits of Christ frame the Chinese people in this way. As long as you contact Christianity, you will become a freak who prays for God's blessing every day.

Only when you enter Taishan Taoism can you become a true Christian.

Only when you learn The Only Right Way Without Two Of Realize Your Divinity To Be A Christ(Buddha) like the monkey king can you preach the gospel of God and make you a real angel in the world. If you don't have the God power, you want to preach like Jesus. Your end is worse than Jesus! Only after you have a clear mind can you go to God and see him in your lifetime.

I used to think about what Christianity is.

It's time for me to study Christian books. I immediately heard that(Angel saying) there's no need to study. Today study Buddhism, tomorrow study Taoism, and the day after tomorrow study Christianity. If this goes on, there will be endless doctrines to learn. But with this heart, Hui-Neng will teach you and is enough.

In front of him, I saw a foreigner with three inches of hair and shoulders, a goatee, and a bit of dementia. He was called Jesus. I thought how the foreign god was not God at all. When I was suspicious, I naturally ignored him. Today, I got the answer: I really have no face to see you Chinese. Christianity in your China is not taught by Jesus.

The soldiers around me immediately pulled me to the ceremony and heard: No, my son.Let's dispense with formalities. I will teach you slowly.

Huineng has no tricks and keeps thinking about what Christ is. Let me tell you.

三、十字架也是古代处罚犯人的刑具。
古人把十字架树立在人多的地方，把犯人捆绑在十字架上示众。耶稣就是被钉在十字架上示众，脱光他的衣服羞辱他。耶稣就是拿着十字架模型到处传道，利用十字架随时随地开示正直公平的方便法门。

士可杀，不可辱！
耶稣被剥光衣服裸体示众羞辱，给世人证明耶稣根本没有本领可以保护自己，只能受尽凌辱。也在告诉世人耶稣只是一个满腹经书、满口慈悲的唐僧，随时都会被吃掉。只有唐僧的慈悲没有悟空的本领来保护，最终耶稣只能活生生的沦为魔王的标靶！这也是在开示世人，你要是没有本领，也就休讲慈悲别出风头。

十字架也是邪魔的标志，那里有十字架那里就有邪魔！
邪魔拿着十字架到处恐吓世人，你要是敢跟耶稣一样说实话，就脱光你的衣服钉在十字架上示众。形成那里有十字架那里就不是在欺骗自己，就是在欺骗别人。根本没有人知道这个十字架是标志着正直公平！

3、 The cross was also a tool of punishment in ancient times.

The ancients set up the cross in a place with a large number of people and tied the prisoners to the cross for public display. Jesus was crucified to the public, stripped of his clothes and humiliated him. Jesus is holding the cross model to preach everywhere, using the cross to open the convenient door of integrity and fairness anytime and anywhere.

A Hero prefers death to humiliation!

Jesus was stripped naked and humiliated, proving to the world that Jesus had no ability to protect himself and could only be humiliated. It also tells the world that Jesus is just a Tang Monk full of scriptures and compassion, who will be eaten at any time. Only the compassion of Tang monk, not Wukong's ability to protect, and ultimately Jesus can only live to become the target of the devil! This is also to show the world that if you don't have the ability, Don't be a hero.

The cross is also the symbol of evil, where there is a cross, there is evil!

Evil spirits take the cross to threaten the world everywhere. If you dare to tell the truth like Jesus, you will "be taken off your clothes by" and crucify to the public. Where there is a cross, you are either deceiving yourself or others. No one knows that this cross is a symbol of justice!

四、 “圣”者圣心，“诞”者诞生。
圣人的心就诞生在每一个凡人的身上，每一个凡人都有跟圣人一样的心；当你明白你就有这样的一颗心的时刻，这个时刻即是“圣诞”；你永远记住这个时刻，每年的这个时刻就是你的“圣诞节”！就连须发斑白的老人，听到了真主耶稣的教诲，茅塞顿开，赫然开朗，明白自己就有跟上帝一样的心性，自己就跟上帝一样也是天上天下的真主，而不是人间凡俗的奴才，高兴得活泼乱跳像个小孩，返老还童。这个老人就是家喻户晓的“圣诞老人”！

人人都跟上帝一样是天上天下的真主。
“十字架”即是天心，心即是主，天主就是真主，人心去合天心，心就是你，你就是心，心就是主，你能做主，你就是真主。你要做到正直可靠、公平待人，这样你才能跟上帝一样是天上天下的真主。你跟上帝一样你即是上帝，上帝即是你。人同此心，心同此理！

天主即是真主，天主教即是基督教。
十字即是天心，耶稣是用十字架开示正直公平的天心，离开这个天心就不是耶稣教.天心即是人心，回归人心即是回归天心，开示正直公平回归人心才是我耶稣所教。

面对这个正直公平的十字架，就是面对耶稣。
面对着十字架祷告上帝来保佑你，而你根本没有去保佑上帝，所以上帝保佑你是不公平的。不公平你就不是基督教徒。你那祷告上帝保佑的洋相纯属在发癫，你就这么容易发癫，难道耶稣就教你发癫！

4、 "Saint" is the sacred heart, and "birthday" is born.

The heart of a saint is born in every mortal. Every mortal has the same heart as a saint; When you understand that you have such a heart, this moment is "Christmas"; You will always remember this moment, this moment of the year is your "Christmas"! Even the old man with gray hair and beard, hearing the teachings of Rabbi Jesus, was suddenly enlightened. He knew that he had the same mind and nature as God, and he was also Self's Master in heaven and earth, just like God, rather than a common slave in the world. He was so happy that he danced like a child, rejuvenated. This old man is known as "Santa Claus"!

Everyone, like God, is Son Of God in heaven and earth.

“ "Cross" is the heart of heaven, the heart is the Lord, God is True Lord, the heart is you, you are the heart, the heart is the Lord, you did be the Lord, you are The True Lord. You have to be honest, reliable and fair to others, so that you can be the True Lord in heaven and earth like God. You are like God, you are God, and God is you. People have the same heart and the heart is as same as this Truth.

God is Allah, and Catholicism is Christianity.

The cross is the heart of heaven. Jesus uses the cross to show the just and fair heart of heaven. Leaving the heart of heaven is not Jesuit. The heart of heaven is the heart of the people. Returning to the heart of the people is returning to the heart of heaven. Opening the just and fair heart is what Jesus teaches.

To face this just and fair cross is to face Jesus.

It's unfair to pray to God to bless you when you face the cross, but you don't bless God at all. It's not fair. You're not Christian. Your appearance of praying for God's blessing is pure insanity. You are so easy to be insane. Does Jesus teach you to be insane!？

五、上帝能保佑你吗，上帝完全能够保佑你的。
你去保佑上帝，上帝就会来保佑你。你自己先做到正直公平，然后引导别人也做到正直公平，让别人明白自己就能跟上帝一样都是正直公平的主宰者，这样别人就跟上帝一样，上帝就是别人。你用正直公平去对待别人，你就是在保佑别人，别人是上帝，你就是在“保佑上帝”。

5、 Can God bless you? God can bless you.

If you go and bless God, God will come and bless you. First of all, you should be just and fair, and then guide others to be just and fair, so that others can understand that you are the master of justice and fairness like God, so that others will be like God, and God is others. If you treat others with integrity and fairness, you are blessing others. If others are God, you are "blessing God".