Notes on the True Qur'an II
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
Part IV: The Old Testament of the Bible as a Demonic Heresy Overthrown by the New Testament
1. Notes on the Old Testament: (1) "Reverse thinking", also called "divergent thinking", is a way of thinking about things or ideas that seem to be commonplace and settled in reverse. It is a way of thinking about the opposite side of a problem, exploring the opposite side of the problem in depth, building new ideas and creating new images. When everyone is thinking in a fixed direction, but you are thinking in the opposite direction, this is called "reverse thinking". People are used to thinking in the right direction and looking for solutions. In fact, for some problems, especially special problems, it may be easier to work backwards from the conclusion, to think backwards, from the solution to the known conditions, to think backwards.
(2) In the book of Genesis, Yahweh created "prophets of Yahweh" such as "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob", the original group of "Jewish priests". It is clear from the scriptures that they were in fact lying and deceitful demonic figures, the "antitype". The LORD had these demons demonstrate various "works" (magic, ritualistic words and deeds) so that we could point out their mistakes and learn from them, not to learn from them. It is in this way that Yahweh teaches us to "think backwards", so do not be afraid to criticise them just because they are "prophets of Yahweh". (3) If you dare to directly refute the "prophets of the LORD" in the Old Testament, you are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron You are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright bronze, and who has received a rod of iron. If you become the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and do not fall away during your lifetime, you will be like Jesus in the kingdom of heaven for eternity. (4) If you do not have a sense of "reverse thinking", you will understand the "Old Testament" scriptures and put them into practice with the normal "straightforward" thinking. "(5) It is not just Genesis, but also the Old Testament.
(5) Not only Genesis, but the entire Old Testament is a "reverse thinking" teaching of Yahweh, and the Jewish priests who practised the Old Testament were "This is why Jesus called the Jewish community "woe to the scribes, the blind leaders of the blind, who are hypocrites". Jesus exposed Judaism for what it was, a demonic group, and caused panic in Judaism, which is why they "crucified" Jesus.

2. Notes on the New Testament: (1) Do not follow the Christian church group in studying Christianity, for the Christian church group is full of Jewish priests in the guise of Christianity, and if you are not aware of this, you will certainly be misled. The Bible was not compiled by the disciples of Jesus at all, but by Jewish priests under the guise of Christianity, and you will certainly be misled if you do not have such an awareness. (2) The Scriptures of the New Testament were not all compiled by the disciples of Jesus, but by Jewish priests under the guise of Christianity, and there must have been parts added privately, and you will certainly be misled if you do not have such an awareness. (3) If you look at what Jesus and his disciples did back then, and then look at Christianity today, you will see that Christianity has long been a puppet dominated by Judaism. Christianity in the guise of Jesus became pure Judaism when "the priesthood, the cross, the piano, hymns, prayers, doing charity" and so on became Christian doctrine.

Part V: Genesis and Jewish Judaism (added on 1 December)
1. The Book of Genesis: (1) The writing of Genesis was completed 3,500 years before the present day. 60 years old at the time of writing. It was one of the five old men, the Golden Duke (the Golden Mother of Yaochi), who came down to earth and was then the national pharaoh of Egypt. (2) The Book of Genesis was a source for the Egyptian national library and was obtained by the Israelites after Joseph, and the Book of Genesis thus became an Israelite classic. (3) In the time of "Moses", he followed Genesis and wrote the book of Exodus. (4) My theory would not be accepted by the Israelites today. However, if we read the book of Genesis again, we find that the ancient "nomads", especially from Genesis to the time before Joseph, did not really have a simple faith in its infancy for a small nomadic people like the Jews. The conditions for the "transmission" of a single book of scripture from generation to generation are not really present. Even if they had a complete copy of Genesis, they would have been discarded as rubbish by these fools who could not distinguish between right and wrong, and the devil in the guise of Yahweh would not have allowed them to have a complete copy. (5) I invite you to read the True Exposition of Genesis, which I have explained, and you will see what kind of a race of Jews the Jews were at the time of "Genesis".
(6) If we read the book of Genesis twice, we will see that from Abraham, to Isaac, Jacob and Joseph, these so-called "prophets of the Lord" were all lying and deceitful liars and devilish figures who killed animals, showing that the "prophets of Judaism The "prophets of Judaism" mean "ignorant, stupid pigs and devils". Jehovah used the literary technique of "reverse thinking" to compile the book of Genesis, showing what the devils (Jewish priests) in the guise of Jehovah were like and how they staged their ugly farce, through detailed factual examples, exposing the devils as "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel and mean (7) Up to the 1980s, the devil's "selfish, narrow-minded, venal and mean-spirited" nature was exposed through detailed factual examples. (7) Until the 1980s, when nine years of compulsory education became universal in the major countries of the world (China), illiteracy was the majority in all human societies. Most literate people could only understand words at the "surface", and most literate people could not see "literary devices" such as "metaphors and refrains". Most literate people could not see such "literary devices" as "metaphors and antitheses", and could only misinterpret the scriptures, and "Judaism" was a sect formed after misinterpreting the scriptures of Genesis. Because the ancient "Jewish priests" did not recognise the "backwards thinking" literary approach of Genesis, they misinterpreted it to mean that God was preaching in a "straightforward" way, and therefore, they all They all misunderstood God's "straightforward" approach to preaching and therefore misinterpreted the scriptures, making Judaism a notoriously demonic group.

2. The "Old Testament": (1) The Tanakh, also known as the Maccabees, the Tanakh or the Hebrew Bible, was the first major Jewish text, later called the "Hebrew Bible" or the "Old Testament" by Christianity. It is widely believed to have been written by the "Babylonians". It is widely believed to have been written over a period of about 240 years, from the time of the Babylonian Captivity (597-538 BC) until the first century BC. The "Old Testament" was not completed between 4,000 BC (cf. David Bowson's sermons) and 400 BC. It is the 5th century BC to 368 BC. The book of Exodus is not 3,500 years old, it is 2,849 years old.
(2) The book of Exodus was completed in 798 BC. A brown-haired man aged 40 was the leader of a tribe called Moses (838-782 B.C.), who came down to earth as a "broomstick". The long-haired green bull inside the Tai Ching Palace of the Lord Tai Shang (Li Er) possessed him and gave him inspiration to write a book, the purpose of which was to make him act out myths and test people's wisdom. (3) Leviticus was completed in 797 BC, when "Moses" was 41 years old. (4) Numbers was completed in 796 B.C. when Moses was 42 years old and on his way to Israel. (5) The book of Deuteronomy was completed in 795 B.C., by Moses at the age of 43. "Moses finished writing the four books at the age of 43 and was killed at the age of 46, as the Old Testament took shape, "Judaism" was first taught, and "Moses" had completed his life's mission. (6) The "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament, from "Abraham" onwards, are "counter-examples" to the devil's image, and are the means by which Christians become It is a "living target and a companion" for the "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron". Without the devil and demonic groups, Christ could not be fulfilled; without demonic groups like Judaism, people would not know what is "false and ugly", nor would they know "good and beautiful". Christ and the devil are both "children of God" who have existed throughout the ages and will continue to exist forever, both being immortal, the yin and yang of the Word.

Part 6: The misconceptions of Islam without a clear understanding of the Bible.
1. "The Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow, 40, 49" and onwards, quotes chapters from the Book of Exodus as a "test" for Muslims, with the result that Muslims do not see Judaism as a demonic group from the perspective of Jesus, but all see the Old Testament as a true and genuine classic. This shows that there has not been a single saint in the Islamic world since Muhammad who has truly understood the Bible.

2. "Qur'an Chapter 109, Mary 51. You should mention Musa in this classic; indeed he is pure, indeed he is a messenger, indeed he is a prophet." (1) This was a "test, a rhetorical question" for Muslims to see how much you know about the Bible, and as a result, hardly any Muslim used his or her head and believed it, showing that they did not have a proper orientation towards Jesus Christianity and none of them had the ability to distinguish between right and wrong. (3) It is because of these words of Muhammad that Muslims regard Musa (Moses) in the Old Testament as "one of the prophets recognized and revered by Islam". (3) The "Revised Rad" is the Muslim term for the current translation of the Old Testament, one of the four heavenly scriptures believed in by Islam. This shows that the "Jewish priests" entered Islam and dominated it.

3. "Musa" is the famous ancient prophet recorded in the Qur'an, a transliteration of "Musa" in Arabic, and Moses in the Old Testament. Mussar is known as one of the six messengers of Allah, along with Adham, Nuha, Ibrahim, Isa and Muhammad." (1) This shows that no Muslim in the Islamic world understands the Old Testament and does not know that the "prophets of Judaism" in the Old Testament were "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" whom Jesus rebuked. (2) The "six messengers of Allah" are not all the same; "Musa" (Moses) is the role of the "antagonist", the spokesman of Satan whom Jehovah has put forward for the world to know. If you do not have such an awareness, you will definitely fall into the servitude of the devil because you do not know right from wrong.

4. Quote: The Qur'an tells the story of Musa repeatedly at great length in order to clarify: i. Musa was not only the leader of the Israelites and a prophet revered by Judaism but also one of the prophets recognised and revered by Islam (19;51 i 53). Secondly, the Prophet Muhammad was in a situation similar to that of Musa at the time of his mission, and the end of the punishment of Pharaoh for his arrogance (28;39-40) became one of the major reminders used by the Qur'an to warn the polytheistic forces, led by the Quraysh nobility of Mecca. Thirdly, the story of Musa and the Israelites is used as an example to rebuke the Medina Jews for their apostasy and ingratitude to Allah (2;47-66), thereby exhorting them to cease their confrontation with the Prophet Muhammad and to make an early alliance with the Muslims or to convert to Islam.
Explanatory notes: (1) The above selection is taken from the Encyclopaedia of Islam, pp. 400-401. (2) This shows that the Encyclopaedia of Islam is a sign that the "Prophet of Judaism" entered the Islamic world and took the lead in its indoctrination.

Part VII: On "The End of the World and Belief in the End of the World"
1. 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world as predicted by the Maya", the end of the "hundred-year transition period" between the Red and White Suns, the "end" of the reign of Shakyamuni Buddha, and the official reign of Maitreya Buddha. Before 2012, it is the "single speciality" dharma movement of "Taoism and Buddhism for all sentient beings". At this stage, due to the limitations of human civilization, Taoists practised Buddhism and monks studied Buddhism; Taoists did not study Buddhism and monks did not study Taoism; if "Taoists studied Buddhism and monks studied Taoism", they would be "jumping the path and usurping the religion", so they were not complete. This is the reason why, before 2012, all the holy beings who had attained the Way had to come down to earth to take part in the "three phases of the Long Hua Assembly".
Before 1986, knowledge was not popularised enough because of the "inaccessibility of the literary movement"; before 1949 many people could not read and write, and there were not many literate people in a village, so it was very difficult to obtain a book. "Before 1949, many people could read and write, and it was very easy to obtain a book. Since 1986, when nine-year compulsory education became universal, English was taught in kindergartens, and computers became widespread, several or even hundreds of people could answer a question for you, and ordinary people had the conditions and the possibility to "know one thing from another". The conditions and possibilities for the ordinary people to "know one thing".
After 2012, the Baiyang era, under the reign of Maitreya Buddha, the Lord of the Middle Heaven, began, and by this time mankind had become more civilised than at any other time in history ("mobile phones and computers" are "heavenly eyes and ears", "cars and planes" are "divine eyes and ears", and "the world of the gods"). The "mobile phone and computer" are the "sky eyes and ears", the "car and aeroplane" are the "magic feet and flying"), and it is extremely regressive and biased to ask the highly civilized modern man to learn the "single specialties" (Taoism and Buddhism) of 2,500 years ago. This is why the idea of "Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism and the Five Religions in one" (Baiyang Buddhism, the last word) was born and became the "only doctrine of cultivation" in the Baiyang world. This made it inevitable that the idea of "the unity of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, and the unity of the five religions" (Baiyang Buddhism, the last stroke) should emerge and become the "sole doctrine" of the Baiyang world.
As long as the sects that did not teach "Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism, and the Five Religions as one" (other than the "Middle Heaven Sect"), they were all "ships that have sailed away" and all "cultivated but not certified". They are all "old sects" that have "practice but no proof" (they cannot realize the "clear mind and see the nature") and do not have the destiny of Heaven. The "old school" without the "fate of Heaven and the law of fortune" not only fails to enlighten people, but also reduces them to frogs at the bottom of the well, who sit and watch the sky.
Chapter 28 of The Meaning of the Chinese Language and Culture (Ziyou zi) says: "A fool is good at using himself, and a lowly man is good at specialising himself. He was born in this world, but he opposes the ancient ways. Those who do so are the ones who suffer disasters and their own bodies.

2. Know that the "end of the world" predicted by the Mayans on 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world" of the One Church and the "day of the five religions". "In other words, after 21 December 2012, the format of studying only one religion for the rest of one's life will be outlawed and replaced by the new teachings of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. No matter which religion one studied, one could not return to the Kingdom of Heaven, but would only go to hell; only if one became an all-rounder in the five religions, one could return to the Kingdom of Heaven. Only those who have such a state of mind will be able to return to heaven. Without such a state of mind, one is not a "believer in the end times".

Part 8: The Writing of the Bible and Muhammad
1. Quotations: The first phase of the Old Testament is represented by the Dead Sea Scrolls from Qumran (235 BCE to 68 CE) and the Masada Scrolls (before 74 CE). Around 250 BC, at the invitation of King Ptolemy II of Egypt, the Jewish high priest Eleazar chose six elders from each of the twelve Jewish tribes to carry the Old Testament scrolls to Alexandria and translate the Hebrew Old Testament into the then-popular Greek, which became known as the "Septuagint This was the famous "Septuagint". At that time, the Old Testament was well established. By the time of Jesus, the Old Testament was well established.
Note: (1) The statement that "six elders were chosen from each of the twelve Jewish tribes to translate the Scriptures" is not convincing enough, for anyone who has read the Old Testament will know that this is a derivative of the "twelve tribes of the Jews", which is This is "customary Jewish thinking". Therefore this "Septuagint" is not credible either. (2) The Ptolemaic dynasty (Greek: Πτολεμαϊ κὴ βασιλεία) (305 BC-30 BC), or Ptolemaic Egypt, was founded by the Greek Macedonian monarch Alexander the Great (356-323 BC) after the death of his general A dynasty started by Ptolemy I, who ruled Egypt and the surrounding area. Ptolemy was a general under Alexander the Great. When Alexander the Great died in Babylon in 323 BC after a long illness, conflict broke out among his officers over the succession to the empire. Ptolemy assumed the title of King of Egypt in 305 BC and became known as Ptolemy I, ushering in the Ptolemaic dynasty that ruled Egypt for nearly 300 years. The Ptolemaic kings were also influenced by the Eastern concept of the deification of kingship and attempted to deify themselves. Ptolemy II not only declared his dead parents to be gods, but also referred to himself and his wife, Arsinoe II, as gods, and in the latter part of the kingdom the Ptolemaic kings signed orders with the title of god and worshipped Dionysus to the hilt, describing the matrilineal origins of the family as coming from Dionysus at the time of Ptolemy III. (3) Dionysus was the same god as the Roman Bacchus, the god of wine worshipped by the Thracians in ancient Greece, who not only wielded the intoxicating power of wine, but was also an inspirational god at the time for giving joy and love, promoting civilisation and establishing the laws of ancient society and maintaining peace in the world. In addition, he blessed Greek agriculture and theatre culture. In the legend of Mount Olympus he is the son of Zeus and Semele, and some say Zeus and Psychephonie. (4) If you read these historical sources, you will understand that the Pharaoh who ruled Egypt was a Greek, and that the Greeks, who believed in Dionysus, could not have asked the Jewish high priest to edit the Old Testament.
2. Quote: Around 280 BC, during the reign of Ptolemy II (Philadelphus 285-246 BC), the High Priest sent 72 wise scholars to Egypt, and Ptolemy II placed them on the island of Pharos, near the city of Alexandria, where they translated part of the Pentateuch in 72 days. The translation of the Pentateuch was completed. When the translation was completed, the Greek translation of the Pentateuch became the biblical text for the Egyptian court and the Jewish community. The order of the Greek "Septuagint" (Old Testament) is as follows: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy, Joshua, Shmuel, Ruth. 1 Kings, (1 Samuel), 2 Kings (2 Samuel), 3 Kings (1 Kings), 4 Kings (2 Kings). I Chronicles, II Chronicles. Ezra, Esther. Job. Job. Psalms, Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, Song of Songs. Isaiah, Jeremiah, Lamentations of Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Daniel, Hosea, Joel, Amos, Obadiah, Jonah. Nahum, Habakkuk, Zephaniah, Haggai, Zechariah, Malachi. 39 volumes in all. There are also 15 additional books of the Apocrypha: 1 Maccabees, 2 Maccabees, Dobie, Jude, the Wisdom of Pennsylvania (also known as the Wisdom of Jude), and the Wisdom of Solomon. Ezra's Continuation, Ezra's Continuation, Baruch, Jeremiah's Epistle, Prayer of Manasseh, Song of the Three Children, Susanna, Bilal and the Great Dragon, Ezra's Supplement, etc. At the time of the birth of Jesus, most of the Bibles used in the Jewish synagogues were the Septuagint.
Note: This is all a Jewish lie. The Jewish lies began with the "Jewish prophets" in the book of Genesis.

3. Citation: The Latin translation of the Vulgata by the Roman Ecumenical Father Jerome (347 - 420) at the Bethlehem monastery was based on the Septuagint and the Hebrew codex. The non-canonical texts were classified as "secondary scriptures" (meaning "hidden things"). Jerome believed that the "secondary scriptures" also contained divine revelation, but were not to be used as a basis for doctrine. After Martin Ruth's conversion, he considered the "secondary scriptures" to have no canonical status, so he removed them, so there are no "secondary scriptures" in the Reformed Church. "The Septuagint is the first foreign translation of the Hebrew text of the Old Testament. As Greek culture spread throughout Europe and the Middle East in the third century before the Lord, this translation of the Old Testament became the first century Christian Old Testament.
Note: The "Septuagint" is a lie of the "Jewish prophets and Judaizers", and these stories are lies to cover up lies.
4. The Masoretic Text is the text on which the Jewish Tanakh and the Christian Old Testament are based. The Masoretic text on which the Christian Old Testament is based is the Leningrad Codex, which was finalised around 1008 or 1009 AD. It is also the earliest well-preserved Masoretic text and is now in the Russian National Library.
Unlike the Old Testament, the New Testament was not written in Hebrew, the native language of the Jews, but in Greek, as Palestine had already been Hellenised by the time of the New Testament. The Roman Empire (27-476 BC) occupied the entire Mediterranean at that time. Rome originally used Latin, but as its territory expanded into Greece and around the Middle East, Greek became the main language. As a result of linguistic differences, the Roman Empire split into two empires, Eastern and Western, in the fifth century.
6. Although the manuscripts of the New Testament have been lost, the examination of the New Testament scrolls has been very heavy. Over a thousand surviving codices, for example, have been found, some complete and some only partially surviving. Papyrus manuscripts: These are ancient and important codices, for example the Chester Beatty Papyrus of the New Testament, which dates from earlier than the third century. The Uncial manuscripts, of which there are about two hundred and forty, are known as the "Ancel" codexes, which are written in a large circular script (captial letters). The Codex Sinaiticus contains all the books of the New Testament and is dated to 331. The Codex Vaticanus contains the majority of the New Testament and dates from the fourth century; it is recognised as the most important codex. The Alexandrinus Codex, which dates from the fifth century, contains all the books of the New Testament except for part of the Gospel of Matthew. This codex is useful in identifying the codex of Revelation. Others are the Codex Ephraemi (fifth century), the Codex Bezae (fifth to sixth century) and the Washington Codex (fourth to fifth century).
7. The earliest written Christian Bible was prompted by the Edict of Milan issued by Constantine the Great (272-337), by which Christianity became a legal and free religion. It was inevitable that the early church would agree on the books of Scripture to be included in the Bible through sifting around 380, and would continue to be refined as the Roman Catholic Church (Catholicism) matured.
8. Muhammad (570-632) was born at a time when Christianity was the state religion of Rome and when the Bible was first written, and reading the Bible would have been the 'new trend' for the readers of his time. In those days there were very few people who could read and write, and only a few rich families could read and write, and the general public was full of rumours about the teachings of the Bible. This is a matter of human civilisation.
It was because Muhammad read the Bible thoroughly and discovered the convergence of Judaism and Christianity and that Catholicism had obliterated the "Christianity of Jesus" that many of the Biblical stories mentioned in the Qur'an were written to see if Muslims had a clear understanding of "Judaism and Christianity". The aim is to see whether Muslims have the wisdom to distinguish clearly between "Judaism and Christianity", and whoever can distinguish clearly between "Judaism and Christianity" and define "Judaism and Christianity" sensibly and soberly is the "new Christ of the Islamic world". is the "New Christ of the Islamic world", the "Holy One who is not different from God".
After Christianity became the state religion of Rome, the Judaizers, under the guise of Christianity, became the dominant Christianity, and in order to save more people from becoming the "lambs" of the devil and to divert the faithful, God brought Muhammad into the Middle East to circulate the Qur'an to open the way for the distinction between "Judaism and Christianity". The Qur'an was handed down to us to start a new "Islamic" religion that would distinguish "Judaism from Christianity". Because the Qur'an contains numerous references to Biblical events, and because it was not the "last day", all the "imams" could not bear the devil's pestering and misinterpretation of the Qur'an, there was a "Jewish" prophet who scolded Jesus as the same as Jesus. The ignorance of including the "prophet" of the Muslim faith with Jesus shows that the Islamic world does not know why Jesus was crucified and by whom, let alone that Judaism is the devilish group that killed Jesus, a sign that they do not understand the Bible. (November 18, 2017)

Part 9: Reasons why the Chinese interpret the original meaning of the Bible and the Qur'an
1. "Bicycles, automobiles, radios, aeroplanes, mobile phones, computers" and so on, countless new technologies of modern times were invented first by foreign countries, and after they reached China, they were all accepted and used by us Chinese and caught up with them. There is no such thing as "foreign things that the Chinese cannot understand or learn".
2. The Bible and the Qur'an have been translated into Chinese for hundreds of years, and as long as the translators have not made any mistakes, I, a Chinese, can "pick out" the meaning of the verses and find out what is "right and wrong" in them. It's no big deal, it's much simpler than microscopic high-end science like "integrated circuits, radio, atomic bombs, computers" and so on.
3. Chinese people should not think too highly of foreigners and not think too lowly of Chinese people, which is "objective and rational". Today, China stands on the world stage, and Chinese people who have "the idea of pandering to foreigners" are modern-day traitors and traitors. (5 November 2017)
4. Li Huaizhu's Zhongtianism demonstrates the realm of "five religious masters meeting in Zhongtian", which shows that a Chinese person is demonstrating "learning one law, knowing all laws, and interoperating with all laws", and also shows that people who have never come out of one religion in their life "simply It also shows that a person who has never come out of one religion in his life "has not understood one religion at all" and therefore does not have the conditions to "integrate the five religions". In short, the Centrist Church has told the religious world by its own words and deeds that "learning one religion for a lifetime" is a sign of not understanding it, not "mastering one religion" at all. If you are "proficient in one religion" you can also understand all the "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam", because the religious community is all one system and all have the same goal of reverence, except that the language and script differ from one nationality to another, but the goal of the different languages and scripts is the same. The aim is the same. (November 2017)

Part 10: The yardstick for distinguishing between "messengers and demons
1. God is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and we are all "children" of God, who have become people all over the world because of our "mission to build a heaven on earth". In order to bring the sons and daughters who have fulfilled their mission back to heaven, God sent His Messenger to set up a religion in the world and to circulate "God's infallible way to make people become Christ's sons and daughters", so that those who are destined to meet this "unique way to heaven" can become Christ's sons and daughters. The devil "Ibrahim" is also one of the "gods" of God, and they have tried to corrupt the "unalloyed law" by misleading those who believe in God into slavery. The devil, Ibrahim, is a "living target and a companion" for the achievement of Christ. Without the devil "Ibrahim" one cannot become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the rod of iron". The yardstick for distinguishing the "messenger from the devil" is "according to law and not according to man; according to man and not according to law".
2. "According to the law and not according to man" means that a believer in God must convert to the "infallible law of God that makes man a Christ to heaven", which is "according to the law". As long as he is not the one who preaches the "infallible law", we should not convert him, which is "not according to man". Muslims must follow the law and not others in order to avoid being misled by "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders" and becoming minions in the devil's cave.
He is not the one who preaches the "infallible righteousness" and he wants us all to follow him because he himself says, "He is the spokesman of Allah; obey me and Allah will love you and forgive you your sins. This is "obedience to man". Not to convert those who believe in God to the "infallible law of God that makes man a Christ to heaven" is "not according to law". If a Muslim does not follow the law, he must have encountered the devil "Ibrahim", who spreads "ecstasy" under the guise of Allah and leads believers into slavery. He was directly misled into becoming a slave in a devil's den by a "scribe who pretended to be a good man and a blind leader". (22 December 2017)

Part 11: The Covenant of God
1. All human souls are angelic sons and daughters of God in Paradise, and in order to make this world an earthly paradise, the angels come down to earth each to give their talents to their mission, so we all have a natural inclination to the mystical culture. In order to bring the "angels, the children of God" who have fulfilled their mission back to heaven, God has set up a religion, a "path to heaven, a ladder to heaven", and a "path of truth" to bring people back to heaven as Christ.2 The texts of the five great religions of the world, and of the five great religions of God, are different, but the message is the same, for all people, whatever their nationality, are children of God.
Each of us has a "covenant with God" before we descend to earth. Before we were born, God commanded each of us to complete our mission and not to forget to return to heaven as Christ, and He has left a "way back to heaven" for us to encounter if we keep our souls pure. Whoever does not keep the innocence of his soul and longs for the falsehoods of the world will be misled by the devil, and his soul will be wiped out because of his ignorance and his demonic nature, and he will be cut off from the path to heaven and will have broken his covenant with God. Therefore, the "covenant of Allah" is our soul, which is known to all Muslims as the "alef", the holy man who is the same as Allah, the true master of each of us. The "true master" is referred to as "Allah".
4. If the way to realise the "covenant of God" is that the infallible teachings of God are scattered not only in the Qur'an, but also in the Bible, only those whom God desires can really get it and take it all. It is impossible for anyone other than the Messenger of God to know what the "covenant of God" is. Allah will not let the Messenger appear until the Last Judgement. It is only after the time of the Last Judgement, when the Judgement opens, and the Messenger of Allah appears in the world, that the world will know what the Covenant of Allah is. 5. The "Covenant of God", in layman's terms, is the restoration of man to his original form as Christ to heaven; it is a unique system consisting mainly of commandments and doctrines, which are enunciated by the sects responsible for their edification. The commandments are not to kill and eat meat, not to steal, not to commit adultery, not to lie, and not to drink. The doctrine is the "infallible truth that makes one a Christ to heaven", as revealed in the Book of Revelation. (26 December 2017)

Part 12: Deciphering the Meaning of the Qur'an's Supreme Divine Principle, "El-Rev, Rum, Mim"
The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1: The Yellow Cow (1-4) The Yellow-skinned Chinese are Cow
Explanation: "Erev" is the soul, "two eyes" is the soul of life, and "mim" is the human body. (October 5, 2017)
[Note: The following internet sources (1-4) are all lies of fools fooled by the devil, showing that no one has ever really expounded the Scriptures for over a thousand years! From (5) onwards they are all my interpretations. (1) is the phonetic translation of the Arabic alphabet. There are 28 chapters in the Qur'an that begin with the Arabic alphabet, and many of these chapters are named after the beginning of the alphabet, which is one of the features that distinguishes the Qur'an from other classics. (2) The chapters that begin with the letters of the alphabet have a minimum of one letter and a maximum of five letters. These opening letters are among the "hidden verses" of the Qur'an and have a very special meaning and philosophy. Most scholars believe that these initial letters are mysteries of God and belong to the esoteric realm, and that humans do not have the ability or knowledge to accurately understand, grasp, or exegete such verses. Some scholars, on the other hand, believe that it is possible to achieve exegesis and understanding through deduction and reasoning and the application of intellectual knowledge, and have conducted extremely extensive and in-depth studies on this subject, producing distinctive results. (3) The function of these obscure letters is - to warn people that they are far from really grasping the mysteries behind the Qur'an, but to spur them on to keep searching for the mysteries behind the Qur'an. But the significance of these obscure letters is not only that; it is also that they confuse people and make them wonder. One certainly cannot create something that one does not understand in itself. (4) Short for Allah, the Archangel since Jibril and Muhammad respectively.
(5) Quote: There are twenty-eight letters in Arabic, several of which look alike and have a peculiarly complex pronunciation. The first: the name Alif (which Majeen transliterates as "Aleph"). Many people think that the A in Alif must be a vowel sound, but it is not. A vowel is a sound that comes out of the throat and passes through the mouth without any obstruction, for example, the sound in the words "a" and "o" is a vowel. A consonant, on the other hand, is a consonant whose airflow is obstructed by a certain part of the mouth. So where is the A obstructed? In the throat, if you're a boy, it's a little above the larynx, in a place called the glottis. The first sound of the letter Alif, A, is not as wide as the mouth of the Chinese character "阿", it is somewhere between the a sound in English apple and the e sound at the beginning of else. The openness of the A is somewhere between the a in apple and the e in else. However, the degree of openness is not the real pronunciation, and the A is actually pronounced with the ou combination in double, while maintaining this degree of openness. The twenty-third one is called lam, which is easily understood: the l is pronounced as "music" and the m is a nasal sound, similar to the m in the English name, but the a is pronounced as the a in cat. This is the second of the three letters at the beginning of each chapter of the Qur'an, which Ma Jian translates as "two eyes". The twenty-fourth: the name is mim, which differs from the above only in that the l is replaced by an m. This letter is the third of the three letters at the beginning of each chapter of the Qur'an, which Ma Jian translates as "mim".
(6) Quote: The Qur'an contains 114 chapters, 32 of which begin with a letter. Some use one letter, such as "Sa" in chapter 38 and "Ka" in chapter 50; some use two letters, such as "Yassin" in chapter 36 and "Taha" in chapter 20; and some use the word "Taha". Some begin with three letters, such as "Erev, Rum, and Rai" in chapter 14, and some begin with five letters, such as in chapter 19, the maximum being five letters and the minimum being one letter. Why do we start with letters? Because the Qur'an, as revealed by Allah, is composed of 28 letters, and the individual letters at the beginning of these 32 chapters are revealed by the All-Knowing, All-Powerful Creator, whose mysteries are known to Allah.
Explanation: (7) "Aleph" is the "first" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet, which in this case is a metaphor for the beginning of a number, such as 1, A, from less to more, from lower to higher, etc. The word "aleph" means: the first person to truly interpret the second chapter of the Qur'an. (8) The word "two" is the "twenty-third" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet, and on 23 September 2017 at 15:45, the first chapter of the Qur'an was officially started. The word "mim" is the "twenty-fourth" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet. After the first chapter was edited at 17:55, the second chapter of the Qur'an was formally explained at 18:15. (9) The word "two" is "twenty-three" and the word "mim" is "twenty-four", adding up to forty-seven. Together they are forty-seven. The word "Erev" is "one". "The first person to truly interpret the second chapter of the Qur'an was between the ages of forty-seven and forty-eight. This person would have been 47 years old in 2017 if he had been born in 1971. 48 years old in 2018 if he had completed the exposition of the Qur'an and compiled it into the True Exposition of the Qur'an.
(10) Alev: This means "one word divided into three, and three words in one", which means "Allah, the saints and the people" are united into one and divided into three, indicating that Allah created the three worlds of "heaven, earth and man" with synchronized information. "This means that God created the three worlds of heaven, earth and man in sync. The angels are the souls of the new individuals. This new individual's human body has the process of "growing from childhood to adulthood, birth, old age, sickness and death", and is a human body with changes, or "incarnation". In this way, a person has three bodies, two invisible ones, the soul and the life soul, and one tangible "incarnation". (11) The "aleph" is an angel from the side of God in heaven, and is called the soul and gog in Christianity; Buddhahood, self-nature, genesis, and dharma in Buddhism; dragon, snow, mercury, etc. in Taoism; and heavenly destiny, heavenly nature, and nature in Confucianism.
(12) The "two eyes" are the life souls of this life, the new bodies of angels in this life, which are called in Christianity: life soul, magus; in Buddhism: knowledge of the gods, perception, and the body; in Taoism: Hua, yellow bud, soul, etc. (13) The "mimic" is the human body in this life, because of the process of "from childhood to adulthood, birth, old age, sickness and death", a human body with changes, or "incarnation". (14) Religion is the teaching that restores the soul (aleph) to its original form through the "unique method" of the living soul (the two eyes). It is a unique way to improve the cultivation of the soul (the two eyes), so that the soul (the two eyes) in this life can reach the state of the soul (the aleph), so that they can see Allah, so that they can have the divine power like Jesus, so that they can become the Christ (the Son of God), so that they can complete their mission as if they were dying, so that they can return to Allah and never be reincarnated.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 8 Oct 2017 06:35pm 29 Dec 2017 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







