Notes on the True Qur'an I
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Description: (1) God is the Creator, the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the creator of the global village, and the common mother of all the gods (souls) of heaven. "The five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, as well as inventors and scientists from all walks of life, are the only sons of God sent to earth to promote human civilization and build "heaven on earth". "(2) The presidents of the various countries (nations) (2) The presidents (heads of state) of all countries are "messengers of God" and the laws and regulations of each country are "new covenants" used by God to bind the people to their words and actions (because the Qur'an was written at a time when society was backward and laws and regulations were improved as society developed, as God had decreed). If a Muslim does not abide by the laws of his country, he has broken the covenant and is disobeying God's command, and will be "forsaken by God" and will be punished by the law of his country. To be put in prison is to be punished by the Fire. (3) Without such a state of mind, one is an "abnormal person" without a normal mind, not to mention a normal religious person, but a despicable person possessed by the devil.

The first part: "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" are the five major religions of the world, and this is the "world view" that all religious people must have.
The Qur'an, Chapter 3, "81. Then God made a contract with the prophets, saying: We have rewarded you with the Scripture and wisdom, and a messenger will come to confirm all your Scripture, and you must be sure of him, and you must assist him. He said: Do you acknowledge it? Do you wish to make a treaty with me for this matter? They said: We confess. He said: Then bear witness; and I will bear witness with you." (1) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and all things are the children of Allah. Allah does not belong to a single religion, but to all mankind, and therefore the edification of all mankind is the reward of Allah. (2) The Prophets are Lao Tzu of Taoism, Shakyamuni of Buddhism, Confucius of Confucianism, Jesus of Christianity, and Muhammad of Islam. (3) God has rewarded you all with the teachings of Christ and the wisdom of the return to heaven, and at the time of the Last Judgement, a messenger will come and explain the teachings of your five religions, confirming that all your teachings are divided into one and the same "true way of becoming Christ to heaven The "true path of becoming Christ to heaven". Any scripture that does not speak of the "true and unchangeable way" is not your scripture. You must be convinced of his power, and you must assist him in interpreting your classics in their original meaning.

1. [Buddhism] (1) Jodharma Siddhartha of India (565~486 B.C.) abandoned his "eclipse of a millet" and practised magic for six years (after six years of trials and tribulations), and when his trials and tribulations were over, he knew once and for all what magic could not be proved true. "After eating, his body recovered and he became conscious. The Buddha's "empowerment". The story of the "Enlightened Buddha's Enlightenment" is found in the Vajra Sutra, which is therefore the first classic of Buddhism. (2) The "Burning Lamp Buddha" descended to earth to become the Chinese Li Er (Lao Tzu), the Taoist Lao Tzu being the incarnation of the "Burning Lamp Buddha". At the age of 55, Lao Tzu was instructed to fly to India with his "divine foot pass" and to use his "one-finger meditation" to penetrate the Buddha who, at the age of 35, had already (abandoned) his six-year hard work of "eating a millet every day" (magic). "He then passed on the Seal of the Buddha's Heart to him and became Siddhartha Gautama. (3) Siddhartha Gautama transmitted the "non-dual right Dharma of seeing the nature of the mind" (the Dharma of non-action), so that he could manifest the state of "non-duality with the Buddha" by his words and deeds of "transmitting only the Dharma of seeing the nature of the mind and breaking the evil sects in the world". This is "seeing one's nature and becoming a Buddha". This is what Buddhism is all about. The classics of Buddhism are sutras like the Vajra Sutra, the Tantras, the Heart Sutra, and the 21 Dharma Sutras, which are true sutras that enable one to "realise emptiness and become a saint, to see one's own nature". The sutras are divided into the Age of Righteousness, the Age of the Image, and the Age of Magic. (4) The "Seal of the Buddha's Heart" was handed down in India for 28 generations, about a thousand years. 28th Patriarch Bodhidharma returned the "Seal of the Buddha's Heart" to China at the age of 46, in 518 AD, known as "Old Water Returning the Tide (5) After his arrival in China, Dharma came to China. (5) After Dhamma's arrival in China, Indian Buddhism was infiltrated by Hinduism, which became Hinduism in the guise of Buddhism, known as "Buddhist Tantrism", which is the Tibetan Lamaism of China. Buddhism became extinct in India at the beginning of the thirteenth century, as its teachings were Hindu and there was no longer any need for it to exist, but after the Dalai Lama fled to India in 1959, Indian Buddhism developed.
(6) Bodhidharma became the "First Ancestor of Zen" in China, and Zen flourished in the time of the Sixth Patriarch, Hui Neng, who died in 713 and entered a house of fire, so that the "true Dharma of clearing the mind and seeing the nature" was not passed on in monasteries but in the homes of ordinary people. The "seal of the Buddha's heart" was passed on to ordinary people. (7) As a result of the return of the true Buddha's son, it was not long before the "Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms" period of Chinese history continued to be turbulent, until the Song dynasty was established in 960, when the Dharma movement entered the "magic age" and "burning incense and kowtowing, chanting the Buddha's name, eliminating disasters The "Law of Action", which is the opposite of the "Law of Nothing", became the prevailing "Buddhist doctrine" of the "Buddhist Association". "Buddhist teachings, mainstream Buddhism". (8) The "teaching of the monks" was marketed to "believers" as the "teaching of the Buddha". This is a manifestation of the magic of the "Age of Magic", as is the Taoist practice of "writing talismans, chanting incantations, and chanting hymns and prayers" and the Christian practice of "chanting hymns and prayers". Therefore, Buddhism, Taoism and Christianity are not accepted by the Baiyang world and are all demonic groups overthrown by the Baiyang Buddhists.

3、【Daoism】（1）Fuxi (4811 BC-4709 BC) drew trigrams at the age of 34 to create Chinese civilization, and revealed the cosmic concept of "Wuji creates Taiji, Taiji creates two yi, two yi creates four elephants, four elephants create eight trigrams, and eight trigrams determine the state of the universe", allowing people to cultivate "internal practice of a breath of air It allows one to practise "internal qi" to realise "the meeting of life, the unity of heaven and man, and the return to Wuji". As long as you know "east, west, north, south, four directions, father and mother, male and female, heaven and earth" and so on, the most basic knowledge of human beings, you are a Taoist disciple who has been "educated in Taoism", because all these terms are in Fuxi's eight trigrams of Yin and Yang. (2) The Taoist "internal practice of one breath" is mentioned in the Book of Revelation, that is, "20:2 Bind it for a thousand years, 20:3 and when that thousand years is finished, afterwards it must be released for a time", and this is what Jesus was describing when he practised "This is what God taught him, but Jesus could not pass it on, so the New Testament contains the words describing "Jesus praying". Because of the Law, none of Jesus' disciples had learned this method of practice, so they could only guess and think that Jesus was praying, but in fact it was not a "prayer". "Prayer" is a Jewish magic. If you "pray" you are possessed by the devil, because your master did not pass on the Law by the holy command of God. Only Christ is qualified to preach the law.
(3) Laozi Li Er (586-500 B.C.) At the age of 18, Li Er went to work for the "national library" as a handyman, thus systematically learning the essence of Chinese culture, practising qi under divine guidance and gaining insight. "At the age of 36, he wrote the Tao Te Ching. At the age of 55, Li'er was instructed to use his "divine feet" to fly to India and make Chodamanda Siddhartha become Siddhartha Gautama. Shakyamuni is mentioned in the Vajra Sutra. At the age of 73, Laojun received Confucius at his home in Luyi, when he was 38 years old. After another 18 years, Confucius reached the state of reverting to his heavenly nature and was ready to "travel around the world". (4) The founding scriptures of Taoism are the I Ching, the Tao Te Ching and the Long Hua Zhen Jing, all of which are Taoist scriptures on the five elements of yin and yang. "The disciplines based on the theories of the five elements of yin and yang are all Taoist culture. The Taoists divide the period of human society into the Green Yang, the Red Yang, and the White Yang, under the direction of the Buddha of the Burning Lamp. (5) The British scientist Joseph Lee, who spent his life studying China and was fascinated by Chinese culture, wrote a multi-volume monograph on the history of Chinese science and technology. He said: Chinese culture is like a great tree, and the roots of this great tree are in Taoism.

3. [Confucianism] (1) Confucius (551 - 479 BC), whose name is Qiu and whose character is Zhongni, was a great thinker, statesman and educator, who was the master of Chinese cultural thought. Confucianism has permeated the lives of the Chinese people and the cultural sphere, and has also influenced most people in other parts of the world for nearly two millennia. Confucius founded the earliest public schools in China, and proposed the slogan "education without discrimination". He was the first in ancient times to break the cultural monopoly of the aristocracy, where learning took place in the government, and advocated the spread of culture and education among the common people. (2) The Confucians used the "three subordinates and four virtues, the three principles and the five rules, the five ethics and the eight virtues" to cultivate their bodies and nourish their natures, thus realising "knowledge of the destiny of heaven". "It is the core value and outlook on life of Confucianism that one should not be considered a gentleman without knowing one's destiny.
(3) "Heaven's destiny is called nature", which is the self-nature (the original spirit, the Dharma body, the soul) spoken of by Buddhists and Taoists. If a person does not know who his or her "heavenly destiny" is, and if he or she does not realise the "clearness of mind and nature", then he or she is not a gentleman, but a small person, an ordinary person. "The phrase "to know one's destiny at fifty" means that one must realize one's destiny at the age of fifty, otherwise one will be easily blocked by the "barrier of knowledge" and the way back to heaven will be cut off. (4) When one has achieved the "knowledge of heaven's destiny", one has "ceased to be good". If one does not realise "knowing one's destiny", there is no "stopping at the highest good". The learning that realizes the "knowledge of the Divine Order" is the "University". Without "stopping at the highest level of goodness", there is no "university" to graduate from, and it is because of the lack of clarity in joining a teacher that one has gone astray.
(5) By joining a wise teacher, man learns who his "heavenly destiny" is and achieves direct communication with the divine in heaven. "On the left side of the human being, this "ding" is the long stroke, which is the soul of destiny (consciousness, body, soul) that grows out of the earth in this life, and is active and yang in nature. "The long stroke. On the right side of "human", the short "丶 " (丶) is the "heavenly" self-nature (yuanjin, dharma body, soul), which comes from heaven, because most people do not know who their self-nature is. Therefore, it is short, feminine, dark and unknown. If there is no "heavenly destiny", the baby in a woman's womb has no "foetal heart" and cannot become a normal "human being". A normal human being has three bodies: the soul (the body of retribution), the "heavenly destiny" (the Dharma body) and the human body (the body of incarnation). By joining a master, one learns who one's "heavenly destiny" is and realises "knowing one's heavenly destiny", and one's "heavenly destiny" in this life and one's destiny soul become "one". "This is the true meaning of "man", and this man is the "new man", the one who can be close to God and Buddha in heaven at any time.
(6) The "one" is the horizontal line, and above the "one" is yang, heaven; below the "one" is yin, the human world and hell. In this life, the "heavenly destiny" and the destined soul achieve "heavenly unity", becoming a person who can approach the heavenly gods and Buddhas at any time, penetrating "yin and yang". The "human" has broken through the "one" and has become "great". A "great man" is a "pro-people" (new people), a "gentleman who knows the destiny of heaven". This theory is the "Way of the University" of Confucius, which is the moral cultivation of a clear mind and a clear nature, that is, "Mingmingde". (7) If one does not know the "Way of the University" (the Confucian Way of the Heart) and has not learnt the moral cultivation for the realisation of a clear mind and a clear nature, one lacks "Mingmingde" (lack of virtue) and cannot "stop at the highest good". This is a lack of virtue. This life is a wasted life, and we go back to the cycle of rebirth. (6 January 2018)
(8) "To realize knowledge of things" means to realize "knowledge of heaven's destiny". Without "knowing the destiny of heaven", there is no realization of "Zhi Zhi". (9) In The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of The Meaning of Heaven. This is the theory of Taoism and Buddhism: the self-nature (the original spirit, the dharma body) is the "original body, the true face, the original face" of our present life. "It is said that all the words, actions, thoughts and wisdom that are expressed by the soul in this life are the endings and branches of the manifestation of the "heavenly destiny" (the middle). It is the result of the action of the essence, the use, the manifestation. (10) "Zhong is also the great essence of the world": the various "orders of heaven" (Zhong) are the fundamentals, the essence, of all things under heaven. (10) "He, too, is the great source of the world": This means that the soul (He) in this life should grow in wisdom through study, realize the relationship between the "body and the use" of things under heaven, and realize the "knowledge of heaven's destiny (11) "Zhi Zhong He" means that the soul (He) in this life should grow in wisdom by learning to understand the relationship between the "body and the use" of things under the sun, so as to realize the "knowledge of heaven's destiny" and reach the source of the Tao, and return to the origin.
(11) "Zhi Zhong He" means: through study, to improve one's character, to remove material desires, to realise "knowing the destiny of heaven" and to achieve the state of "body and use as one" (the same as the inner); it is the Taoist concept of This is the Taoist "unity of heaven and man", and the Buddhist "unity of the phases". The essence of heaven and earth is the inexhaustible Wuji, which is the source of all things. When one realises that "knowing the destiny of heaven" and attains the state of "body and use as one", one can return to the vacuum of Wuji, where "heaven and earth are situated and all things are nurtured", and reach the source of the Tao, realising the return to the origin. (12) Zhu Xi explained that the meaning of "the middle way" is "not biased, not impartial, no excesses or shortcomings, but the ordinary principles, the natural order of things, the subtleties of the subtleties of the subtleties of the subtleties of the subtleties of the subtleties of the subtleties". 尽职尽责、表里如一的平常人。
(13) The highest state of Confucianism is "knowing the destiny of heaven", and after Zisi came Mencius, after which there was no one in Confucianism who became a Taoist master. "After the death of Hui Neng in 713, the Tao entered the House of Fire, and the Song dynasty entered the end of the Dharma era in 960, when Zhu Xi (1130-1200) of the Song dynasty took on the mission of passing on the Tao. (14) Wang Yangming was a "unicorn" from the Palace of Wuji who was sent by the divine to Confucianism as an "antagonist", and his mission was to act as a "villain" to slander Zhu Xi in order to see how many people in Confucianism knew right from wrong. The result is that Wang Yangming is worshipped in droves, and this is the most corrupting aspect of the "learned man". (7 January 2018)
(15) The founding classics of Confucianism are the University, the Middle Mean, the Analects of Confucius, and Mencius; Confucius repaired the Poetic Edda, the Shang Shu, and the Spring and Autumn Annals, set the Rites and Music, and prefaced the Zhou Yi. (16) As of December 31, 2016, 512 Confucius Institutes and 1,073 Confucius Classrooms have been established in 140 countries (regions) around the world. (17) Confucianism is the indoctrination needed by all, and in the post-2012 Bai Yang Shi, human society is all about Confucian forms of propagation. The Chinese "Taoist priests and monks" and the Christian "priests and ministers" will be outlawed and left forever in the memory of history.

4. [Christianity] (1) The year in which Jesus (1-30 AD) was born was the year 1 AD. Christianity, with Jesus as its head, slowly took shape after the murder of Jesus in 30 AD. Jesus learned the "inner breath" that God had taught him and became the Christ, but he was not told to preach it because there was not time. After Jesus got the Old Testament, he read and understood Genesis and knew that the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" were all God's "satanic demonic images", only God used the literary technique of "reverse thinking" in order to make the "Jewish prophets" the "Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron" "If the Old Testament is understood in a "straightforward" way, it becomes the devil's Satan. Seeing that Judaism was misleading hordes of God-believers into slavery, Jesus chose to give his life to prove that Judaism was a devilish group that mutilated lives, and so Jesus launched an attack to overthrow Judaism and create Christianity at the same time. Jesus condemned the Judaizers who practised the "Old Testament" as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and was crucified by Judaism. Jesus was the revolutionary who overthrew the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era". Because he left no written writings during his lifetime, the "teachings of Christ" were obscure, leaving a wide space for future generations to "perfect Christianity", and thus the "Old and New Testaments The "Old Testament and the New Testament" are combined in the Bible. There are three main Christian denominations: Catholic, Orthodox and Reformed (Protestant); the rest are more than thirty smaller denominations.
(2) Symbols and specific images of "Christ": "Christ" means "the Son of God, the holy man who is not different from God"; like Jesus, there is a rebuke of the Jews as He is a man like Jesus, who called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", who revealed the true nature of the devil, who overthrew the devil's group, who revealed the true nature of the "Son of God" (who is Buddha in his own nature), and who died as he would have died. Such a person is the "Christ". (3) The signs and specific images of Christ are depicted in great detail in the first and second chapters at the top of the Book of Revelation. If you ignore them, you become the devil directly, and you pass on the devil's magic as "the indoctrination of Christians into Christ". (4) The eight marks of Christ: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron.
(5) Christianity is the indoctrination of Christians to be Christ (the Son of God, the holy man who is one with God), the indoctrination of Christians to be "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the party of Nicolas, and who has received a rod of iron "The indoctrination. This indoctrination is the "unique way back to heaven" that God has left to the Western world, also called "the true and unalloyed way by which God makes men to become Christ back to heaven"; in short, "the true and unalloyed way and the right way". (6) Any indoctrination that does not allow Christians to become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright bronze, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron" is not Christianity in its own right, but is a Christian pretense. It is a demonic group under the guise of Christianity that is trying to confuse people and harm their lives.
(7) The Book of Revelation, written through John, his disciple, on the tenth anniversary of Jesus' death (40 AD), is the heart of the Bible. The Book of Revelation details the concept and definition of Christ, the appearance of the "Father", the appearance of the "Lamb" (the male child), the marriage supper of the Lamb, the fulfilment of the "inner breath" of Magog (the life soul) when he meets Gog (the spirit), and the "inner breath" of the Christian Church in the "inner breath" of Gog. "The Christian Church will be overthrown by the religious revolution of the Lamb after the "end of the world" (21 December 2012) (the great city of Babylon falls), and the disciples of the Lamb from the "land of the rising sun" will tell Jerusalem what has not been explained. The disciples of the Lamb "from the land of the rising sun" will tell the whole Western world what has not been explained in Jerusalem (they will trample on the holy city for 42 months), and the greatest global religious revolution will come to mankind, followed by a war to remove the wicked who do not accept the "teaching of the Lamb". (8) After the death of Jesus, Christianity was persecuted by the Jewish and Roman rulers. "The Ecumenical Council presided over by Constantine made Christianity the state religion of Rome, formally inaugurated the "papal era", and completely overturned "primitive Christianity". It was the beginning of the "Nicolaitans'" corruption of the "Christian religion", the entry of Judaism into Christianity under the guise of Christianity, and the "Satanic group's" obliteration of the "Christian religion". It is a sign of the "Satanic group" obliterating the "indoctrination of Christ". (Edited December 29, 2017)
[The following online sources:] (9) The core of Christianity's faith is Jesus, mainly through the early Pauline faithfulness, John's theologizing, Peter's ecclesiasticizing, Constantine I's religiosity and politicization after the Milan Pardon, Theodosius I's statecraft and secularization, and a series of modernizations or retrocessions after the Reformation from Martin Luther and John Calvin to the present. And the First Ecumenical Council, presided over by Constantine, and the rectification of the official catechism, are seen by academics as milestones in the replacement of polytheism by Christianity as the mainstream of society. These included, among other things, the acceptance of the doctrine of the Trinity and the fundamental principle that Jesus is the only Saviour, according to the standards of the World Council of Churches.
(10) Early Christianity spread mainly among the poor and the needy, with believers helping each other as equals and showing compassion for each other in times of trouble. They were repeatedly persecuted by the Roman rulers because of their apparent rebelliousness, their failure to co-operate with the ruling class, their failure to perform military service and their disrespect for the old Roman gods. The young Christians were persecuted for the first time in history as early as the time of Nero, followed by another brutal persecution in the mid-third century in the time of Dithius (249-251) and Valerius (253-260). By the time of Diocletian (284-305), the emperor who claimed to be the son of the old Roman god Jupiter naturally regarded Christianity as a heresy, and once again Christianity was doomed. In between, there were some emperors who were tolerant of Christianity, which continued to grow rapidly in the 1st-3rd centuries and by the 3rd century there were more than 6 million members and over 1,800 churches in Rome. As Christianity grew, so did the composition of the congregation, with many large landowners, wealthy industrialists, merchants and officials, and even the imperial family, joining the Christian religion, its rituals gradually becoming more complex and its teachings more subservient to the ruling class, which was beginning to understand and control it. This was the state of Christianity before the time of Constantine.
(11) Constantine the Great (272-337) was the first Roman emperor in the history of the world to revere Christianity, the Edict of Milan, by which Christianity became a legitimate and free religion. The edict also called for the restitution of property confiscated from the Christian churches during previous periods of persecution and established Sunday as a day of worship. Constantine in no way established Christianity to make it an official state religion, but the laws and other policies he enacted contributed strongly to its development. It is clear that converting to Christianity during his reign increased the likelihood of gaining high political office. His decrees granted Christianity various privileges and tax exemptions of various benefits. Several of the world's most famous churches were built during his reign, and so began the "papal era" of Christianity.
(12) In the fifth century, after the division of ancient Rome between East and West, the Byzantine Empire adopted the Patriarchate of Constantinople as its patriarch, which evolved into what would become the Eastern Orthodox Church, while the Holy See, which remained in its former capital, Rome, became the patriarch of the divided Western Roman Empire, giving rise to the name "Roman Catholic Church". The word Pope is translated from "Pontifex" (priest), which originally referred to the polytheistic "Pontifex Maximus" (Supreme Priest), who was also the Emperor of the Roman Empire, and is now the political and diplomatic title of the head of the Christian state of the Vatican City. The Pope, who is also the Pope of the Catholic Church, is voted in by the cardinals around the world and, except for voluntary abdication, can serve for life and cannot be removed from office. However, the cardinals have the right to install an opposing pope, or to remove him from office by imprisonment or banishment.
(13) In 382 AD, the Western Roman Emperor abolished the sacrifice of Victory to Jesus alone and gave the office of Pope to the 39th Bishop of the Roman Church. 445, the Eastern Roman Emperor and the Orthodox Church recognised his ecclesiastical supremacy. At the same time, Leo I, then Bishop of Rome, establishes his authority among the Roman citizens by dissuading Attila and becomes the first Pope to be hailed as a "great man". After the fall of Western Rome, the Church of Rome, with its theocratic supremacy, drifted away from the Church of the East, with its secularism.
(14) The Catholic Church believes that the Trinity is a mystery, a mystery that cannot be fully understood by the world, but only describes the origin and form of the Trinity. The Catholic Church believes that there is a supernatural and supersocial power in the world and in the universe, and that this power is God. He is the unique, omnipotent God who created all things visible and invisible. He is called the "Trinity" of God because of his three persons: Father, Son and Holy Spirit. Because the Father is in heaven, he is called the Father and is considered to be the supreme, sovereign power over all. He is the first of the "Trinity". The Son is Jesus Christ, sent to earth by the Father to save the world from suffering by the sacrifice of his blood on the cross. He is the second person of the Trinity. The Holy Spirit enlightens man's wisdom and faith and turns him from evil to good. He is the third person of the Trinity. These three Persons are not three separate persons, but one and the same, and all three form the unity of God.
(15) The Catholic Church is organized in a strictly centralized manner. It attaches importance to the hierarchy, which is divided into a clerical hierarchy and a governing hierarchy. The clerical orders are: bishops, priests and deacons. The pope, cardinals, bishops, archbishops, diocesan bishops, priests, etc., have the highest authority, are sacrosanct, and are elected by a college of cardinals, which is also the main advisory body to the pope. The Catholic Church strictly forbids clergy to marry, and there is a clear boundary with lay people. The Congregation is composed of the faithful, who are required to take the three vows of divine poverty, chastity and obedience, and to live communally. In addition to the Pope, the Congregation has supreme authority. It is presided over by the Pope and represented by the bishops of all the regions of the world. The leaders of important religious orders and seminaries, as well as eminent theologians and experts in canon law, are also often invited to attend.
(16) The Catholic Church believes in God and Jesus Christ, and honours Mary as the Virgin Mary. The basic doctrinal tenets are the existence of God; the eternal, infinite, omniscient, omnipotent and omnibenevolent nature of God, who created the world and mankind and who rewards good and punishes evil; the Trinity of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, the Incarnation, the Crucifixion of the Son, the Resurrection and the Ascension, and the Last Judgement. The Catholic Church believes that the Church was created by Christ and is the person of Christ, and that man can only be saved through the Church. The birth, death, resurrection and ascension of Jesus and the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin are designated as feast days in the Catholic calendar, and the Mass celebrated on these feast days is the main service. There are also seven sacraments: Holy Baptism, Confirmation, Holy Communion, Last Supper, Confession, Divine Mercy and Matrimony.

5、【Islam】（1）In China, it was formerly known as Daxiafa, Daxiaism, Tianfangism, Halalism, Huihuism, Muslimism, Huihuism and so on. Muhammad is recognized as the prophet of Islam, and the Islamic view is that Muhammad was not the founder of Islam, but a revivalist of the righteous path. The word "Islam" is a transliteration of the Arabic word for "peace and obedience", which is derived from the word Selam. According to traditional Muslim biographies he was born in Mecca in about 570 and died in Medina on 8 June 632. The Qur'an, the true revelation, was given by Allah to Muhammad for the guidance of mankind. The Qur'an says that its last revelation was written down orally by Muhammad on his way to Mecca for the last time in 632 AD. This suggests that it was not written down on paper during Muhammad's lifetime, but only in a fixed order.
(2) Muhammad (570-632) was almost 600 years after Jesus, after Christianity became a Roman Catholic religion, a time when Jesus' indoctrination was obliterated by the Roman Catholic religion, a time when Judaizers came within Christianity to dominate it, and to prevent more people from falling into servitude to the devilish group, so Islam came into being. In other words, Islam was the second order after Jesus to attack the Jewish devilish group. (3) The Arab nation, which was adjacent to the birthplace of Judaism and Christianity, did not accept Judaism and Christianity, but created Islam as a sign of its "disagreement" with the Christianity and Judaism of the time. If Muhammad had not disagreed with Christianity and Judaism, he would not have founded Islam in addition to Christianity and Judaism, but would have chosen one of the two as the religion of the Arab nation. Muhammad studied the "Christianity and Judaism of his time" in depth and found that neither of them had the true message of God, and that Muhammad had "great disagreement" with both of them, so he decided to create his own Islam in addition to Christianity and Judaism, and thus Muhammad became the revolutionary leader who overthrew Christianity and Judaism. Muhammad became the revolutionary who overthrew Christianity and Judaism. To be precise, Muhammad was the greatest revolutionary in the world of religion when, after Jesus, he overthrew both Christianity and Judaism by creating Islam. This is the reason why God was pleased with Islam in the time of Muhammad.
(4) The Qur'an mentions the Old Testament, the New Testament and the names of people in the Bible in order that Muslims might understand that the Christian New Testament overthrows the Jewish Old Testament, a devilish group. Because Muslims do not understand the book of Genesis and Revelation, they regard the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus overthrew, as a "saint of the Islamic faith", and the Old and New Testaments as "classics of the Islamic faith". "This means that the Jewish religion has dominated Islam and that Islam has repeated the mistakes of Christianity, and that Islam is no longer what it was at the time of Muhammad, and that it is no longer a religion pleasing to God, but a religion pleasing to the devil "Ibrahim". "It became a religion pleasing to the devil.
(5) After Christianity became the Roman state religion, Mary, the mother of Jesus, became sacred to the Catholic faith, and the position of Jesus, the Lord of the Church, was sidelined. This is the reason why Muhammad did not choose Christianity as the religion of faith for the Arab nation. The division of Islam into "Shi'a and Sunni" after the death of Muhammad was the same situation as when the Christianity of Jesus became a "Roman Catholic religion", a manifestation of the obliteration of Muhammad's "infallible truth that makes man the Christ to heaven". "This is why the Islamic world uses the "new moon" as a symbol.
(6) Muhammad lived at a time when the Arabs practiced idolatry, buried female babies alive, inter-tribal blood vengeance, alcohol and gambling, usury, the pursuit of money, and moral decay. The arrival of Muhammad brought them from a lowly and barbaric realm to "the flag bearer of knowledge and light". Muhammad, like many other prophets, rejected idolatry and aspired to the religion of worship of the one God, as propagated by the Prophet Jesus. Shortly before his death, Muhammad gave a final exhortation. His death caused a major crisis among his followers, and the controversy led to a split in Islam. "The Shi'ites believe that Muhammad appointed Ali as his successor before his death, while the Sunnis dispute this, suggesting that Muhammad, like Jesus, had no true successor, which is the cause of the Law.
(7) Prior to the creation of the world, Allah was not called the Creator, the Nurturer, etc., and therefore the rest of the names of Allah are new. However, it cannot be denied that Allah had the ability to create, nurture, etc., before the creation of the world, and therefore the attributes of Allah are as beginningless as His essence, only that He did not exert the power of those attributes before the creation of the world, and this is the meaning of the phrase "originally without name" on the plaques of some Chinese mosques. The Qur'an speaks of the 99 names and 99 virtues of Allah, the unique, everlasting, omniscient, omnipresent, all-creating, supreme authority over the destinies of all people. The Qur'an is a "monistic" view of the universe, and therefore Islam is based on "Oneness". Judaism, Christianity and Islam are collectively known as the revealed religions, and the Jewish belief in Yahweh and the Christian belief in Yahweh and God are all one and the same, but the main difference in doctrine is in their interpretation of the attributes of the Lord.
(8) Islam believes in the "Last Judgement and Resurrection after death" and that there will be an end of the world between this world and the Hereafter, and that at the end of the world, the present world will be destroyed and Allah will make the "Last Judgement "At that time, all the dead will be resurrected and judged, and the sinners will go to Hell, while the righteous will ascend to Paradise.

Part Two: The Image of Allah in the Qur'an
The Qur'an, Chapter 3: "27. And You bring the night into the day and the day into the night; and You take the creature out of the creature and the creature out of the creature; and You provide without measure for those whom You desire." (1) "Night" is the night, the feminine, the demon "Ibrahim". "Day" is the day, the masculine, and the gods of the heavens. By making the night and the day incessantly reincarnate, Allah is also demonstrating the natural law that "yin and yang are born together, and what is extreme is inverse". (2) "No living thing" is a vacuum without life. "Living things" are those that have life, that is, "things"; living things are divided into two categories: invisible and tangible. The "creature out of nothing" is the invisible soul angels and the tangible things that come out of the vacuum of nothing, so that God is the source of the universe and the "Old Mother" who gave birth to it. This is the "Old Mother" from whom all things are born, or "the Mother of the Lifeless, the Old Mother of the Lifeless". (3) In all living things there is an invisible core essence, which can be separated from the tangible objects and can return to the ultimate vacuum, that is to say, "to take the inanimate from the animate". (4) Allah is the source of all things in the universe, and is the source of all things in the universe, by providing for people and things as He wishes.

Part 3: The misunderstanding of Allah (swt) shows that no one in Islam becomes a second Muhammad.
"Allah is the One, the Unique, the Incarnate Lord of all things; He has neither father nor mother, neither wife nor son, nor partner, and is the Eternal Lord who is self-existent and without beginning or end." (1) This explanation shows that Muslims do not know what "the Lord of the Nourishment of all things" is. (2) Since Allah is "the One, the Unique, the Nurturer of all things", then Allah can have "no father, no mother, no wife", but countless children, because He is "the Nurturer of all things "All things in this world are the children of Allah in all their diversity.

The True Exposition of the Book of Revelation An Afterword to Teach You to Read the Bible (The Exposition of Words and the Chinese Dream) II
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion
27. "Gog and Magog": "20:8 Come out and confound the nations of the earth, the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, that they might be gathered together for war. Their numbers are as great as the sands of the sea": (1) "The nations of the earth" are the four basic physiological functions of the human body, namely, "seeing, hearing and perceiving". The "earth" is the ground of the mind, which is the consciousness of the human mind (the spirit of awareness). "Seeing, hearing and perceiving are all dominated by the mind consciousness (the consciousness, the body, the soul and the magus) and are therefore the "four kingdoms of the earth". When "seeing, hearing and perceiving" communicate what they feel to the mind consciousness (Sensei, Magog), they know what is going on in the outside world, so they dominate the "four kingdoms of the earth" and are not "confused about the four kingdoms of the earth (2) If the mind consciousness (the knowledge of God, Magog) is aware of the outside world, then one is in charge of the "nations of the earth" and not "the nations of the earth". (2) If one is not sufficiently advanced in the realm of the mind and consciousness (the God of Knowledge, Magog), and does not know that all things in the world have four processes: "becoming, dwelling, destruction, and emptiness", and therefore are all false appearances, and does not know that only the immortal God (the Dharma body, the one who is not different from God, the king of the earth, and Gog) is the true, formless reality, one will be "confused" by all things in the world. "confusion". All things in the world are perceived through "seeing and hearing and perceiving", and therefore "will confuse the nations of the earth".
(3) "Gog" means ruler or chief, a title of head. It is the title of a head of state, as in the case of Pharaoh in Egypt, Caesar in Rome, and the Tsar in Russia. These are not the names of kings, but the titles of kings. "Gog" is "the king of the earth, the Self, the Buddha, the God, the Dharma, the one who is not different from God, Nuwa". (4) Ezekiel 38: 1 The word of the LORD came to me, saying, 2 "O son of man! You shall prophesy against Gog, the king of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal, in all the land of Magog.3 Say, "Thus says the Lord GOD, O Gog, king of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal! I am against thee.4 And I will take thee by the hook of thy cheek, and turn thee, and bring thee out, and thy army, and thy horses, and thy horsemen, all clothed in full array, with shields great and small, and every man with a sword.5 The Persians, and the Gushites, and the Phocians, each with a shield, and with a helmet on his head.6 The Gomer, and his army, and the tribe of Daugamah, which is in the extreme north, and his army, all these peoples of many nations, are with thee.7 "And all the bands that are gathered to thee shall be prepared, and thou thyself shall be prepared to be their great commander.8 And after many days thou shalt be sent, and in the last year thou shalt come to the land which is recovered from the nations by the sword, to the mountains of Israel, which are desolate for ever; but they that are gathered out of the nations shall dwell thereon in peace.9 And thou, and thy army, and the people of many nations with thee shall come up like a stormy wind, and cover the earth like a dense cloud." Magog (Magog) is the home of Gog, the heart-consciousness of the heart (the god of knowledge, the retribution, the life-soul, the ambrosia).
(5) Gog (the God of origin) and Magog (the God of knowledge), without being called, are gathered in one place, the heart, and one of them is the "king of the earth" (the God of origin, Gog) and the other is the heart that carries the "king of the earth" (the God of knowledge, Magog). "War" is a contradictory state of mind; if one realises that one has made a mistake and blames oneself, it is Gog (the god of the genii) who criticises Magog (the god of knowledge). It is Gog (the god) who knows the truth, but it is always Magog (the god of knowledge) who is "confused". The triumph of Gog over Magog is the triumph of reason over ignorance, of sobriety over confusion. This is the "battle of them all". (6) Gog (God) was originally the Christ of heaven, and it was Gog (God) who guided the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life to love mystical culture and learn religion, so that the Magog (God of Knowledge) could reach the realm of Gog (God of Knowledge) and become the Christ. Only when the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life has become the Christ and has reached the kingdom of heaven after death can the Magog (God of Knowledge) follow the Magog (God of Knowledge) back to his old home. (7) If the Magog (God of Knowledge) in this life does not become Christ, he cannot reach the kingdom of heaven, and the Gog (God of Knowledge) cannot return to his old home, but is taken to hell by the Magog (God of Knowledge). When the Magog (God of Knowledge) has reached the state of the Magog (God of Origin) through the practice of the Law and by joining the Master, the Magog (God of Origin) will let the Magog (God of Knowledge) see who he is, and this is the "meeting of lives, the seeing of the heart, and the knowing of the destiny of heaven". After the meeting between Gog (the original God) and Magog (the God of Knowledge), the "unification of heaven and man" is completed, that is, "marriage", and the "new Christ", Magog (the God of Knowledge), is born in the Kingdom of Heaven. When the God of God becomes the core of the God of Knowledge, the God of Knowledge has the powers of the God of God, and the Christian in this life has the infinite power to see ghosts and heal people, and becomes the "Christ of the Second Coming".
(8) The "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" communicate what they feel to the heart consciousness (the Sense God), and one knows what is going on in the outside world; therefore, the Magog (Sense God) is active and masculine, for many thoughts are impractical and short-sighted and can lead to trouble, requiring the calm, feminine "Gog". The "Gog" (the god of knowledge) goes to Magog to remove it, and Magog lusts after it out of selfishness, and so there is "their warfare", and because such "warfare" is innumerable, "their And because such "battles" are innumerable, "their numbers are as many as the sands of the sea".

28. "Wisdom": (4) The "Gog" Gog (the god of the elements) has "wisdom" in the sense that the Magog (the god of knowledge) in this life has wisdom. If the Magog in this life is not wise and has not seen the Gog, he has lost his "wisdom". If a Christian does not see Gog in his lifetime, he has been killed by a "satanic group" that has made it a "Christian doctrine" to learn the ways of not becoming Christ. The "wise life". (5) The entire church group in the Western world does not know what "Gog and Magog" are, and no Christian has ever seen his own Gog. Therefore, the priests and ministers of the "Christian church group" are the executioners who use magic as a positive method to "kill people". (6) Anyone who makes people Christians to learn Christianity without "making Christians into Christ" is an "abomination and a murderer", and such a person will be in a lake of fire burning with brimstone, your second death.

Part II: "Vocabulary Related" to the True Exposition]
Note: Because the Revelation is only a framework, a "condensation", to dilute this "condensation", it cannot be expressed by a simple English word. "These "Chinese words" are not translated into English to express the full original meaning, which will lead to errors in understanding. Therefore, it is necessary to interpret the connotative 'Chinese words' so that Westerners can understand the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation.

(1) Instead of direct textual explanations, indirect explanations in the form of "metaphors, allusions, reflexive expressions, passages, elliptical sentences and inverted sentences" are used to test whether Christians have great wisdom. Such words, vocabulary, teaching and methods are all "test questions". If you see through the "test questions" and know the original meaning, you will have passed the test and improved your spiritual state. If one simply "picks at the words" and only looks at the surface meaning of the words, without seeing through the "examination questions", because one is not advanced enough to truly understand the original meaning, one will misinterpret the scriptures, that is, one will misunderstand them, and one will be tested and become even more foolish.
(2) "Dragon Gate" is a metaphor for the house of a person of great prestige; once one has ascended to the Dragon Gate, one's reputation is tenfold. It is a metaphor for being elevated from an ordinary person to a state official after winning the imperial examination. A "test question" is a "dragon gate", and when one has seen through the "test question", one has "leapt over the dragon gate". To ascend from Christianity to Christ is also to enter the "dragon's gate". It is only when one has seen through countless "examinations" and leapt over countless "dragon gates" that one can be elevated from Christian to Christ.
(3) The Book of Revelation is one of the few "examinations and gates" in the world's religious circles, containing infinite questions of heaven that one is not qualified to interpret without the realm of Jesus. The one who can truly interpret the book of Revelation is in the book of Revelation. The "Lamb" who is not in the Book of Revelation is not qualified to interpret the Book of Revelation at all. Only the Lamb can unravel the vast number of "questions and gates" in it and reveal the true Christianity.

(1) The God in man is of the same nature as God in heaven, and is "no different from God", born of God, and existed before heaven and earth. Heavenly Destiny, Dragon, Fuxi, and so on. The "true Dharma body, the sun and the moon shine, and there is no shadow and no trace", which means that the spirit is clear qi, similar to radio signals. It is also called the "soul of awareness" and is the "nervous system" that senses everything outside. (2) In Confucianism it is called "heavenly destiny, heavenly nature" (from heaven), in Buddhism it is called "the original spirit, self-nature, dharma body", in Taoism it is called "beautiful girl, white snow, mercury" and so on. Jesus is called "Arafa, the first, the king of the heart, Gog, the angel". In the Journey to the West, the monk is a synonym for the gods. Our love of mystical culture is guided by the Gods. Without the supervision of Qi Tian Da Sheng, the Tang Monk would have been imprisoned by the devil in a devil's cave as a slave. Qi Tian Da Sheng is the Christ, the Master, the God of Knowledge with great wisdom.
(3) The Heart Sutra of Buddhism is "not born, not destroyed, not defiled, not pure, not increased, not reduced". In the Taoist Tao Te Ching, it is written in great detail: The Tao is a thing, but in a trance, in which there is an image; in a trance, in which there is an image; in a trance, in which there is a thing; in a myth, in which there is an essence; its essence is very true, in which there is faith. It is a mixture of things, born before the heavens and the earth, silent and few, independent and unchanging, circumscribed and unchanging, it can be the mother of heaven and earth, I do not know its name, so I force the word Tao. In Confucianism, "The Meaning of Heaven" is called nature. The Tao, too, cannot be separated from it for a moment; if it can be separated from it, it is not the Tao. The Christian book of Revelation is called "The King of the Heart and the Song of Songs".
(4) After the heavens and the earth, the sun, the moon and the stars, there were no living creatures on the earth, so the various animals of the kingdom of heaven came to earth one after another. Sixty thousand years ago, God sent His heavenly children down to earth to build an earthly paradise, and so, with their own missions, various kinds of different realms of the primordial spirits came to earth and became earthlings with various specialities. Each person is not an accident, but has his or her own mission in life, and must come to earth to carry out the orders given by God. The heavens and the earth and the sun and the moon and the stars, the flowers and the trees, etc., are all carrying out the orders given by God.

(1) After birth, the innate air is transferred to the body through the breathing of the lungs; the lungs provide oxygen to the body, which is the "golden light"; the person becomes a living spirit body, and the light is the innate knowledge of the spirit, the It is called "the great adulteress above all waters" in the Book of Revelation, and is what Taoists call essence, true yang and yuan qi. (2) The "God of Knowledge" is very active, which is the opposite of the "God of Origin" which is very still. The God of Knowledge originally did not know that he could become a Buddha by going to the Western Paradise, but by a divine accident the God of Knowledge met the God of Origin and was nurtured by the God of Origin, so he was born with a love of mystical culture. The "God of Knowledge" is the "soul", the "absorbing system" of all karma. (3) The angels of heaven, who are "like God", come into the world and become the genesis of the infant, and the genesis of human beings is a "regenerated" version of this genesis, just as a cell can create a human being, which is the Western term for "cloning". In this life, the human and human consciousness gods are engaged in the same field as they were in heaven. God ordered the genii with their own specialties to come down to earth, and so the people in this world are divided into clear-cut jobs, each with their own responsibilities and strengths, doing their best for heaven on earth.

4. "Incarnation": (1) Your present physical body is your "human self" (human body, incarnation). Because the human body has the process of "birth, old age, sickness and death", it is a changing body. The human body has a living soul, a "growth system" that is parasitic on the body, and after death it is near the corpse. (2) After the death of a person, the spirit of the earth becomes the "corpse-keeping spirit". It does not matter how old the body is, as long as there are bones, there is a "corpse-keeping spirit". This is because the "earth soul" is the essence of the human body and is the opposite of the "yin" of the "yang" of the "genitals" and "consciousness". When a person is alive, the human body is a balanced organism of yin and yang, but when a person dies, there is a "earth soul" of yin energy left in the human body. The eerie feeling you get when you visit a cemetery is a manifestation of the presence of the "spirit of the dead". (3) The room of a dead person also has an eerie feeling. As long as the person has not lived beyond the age of 60, or has died prematurely, or has not committed suicide at the right age, there is a situation where the "spirit of the dead" remains in the room and the hell will take him away only when the right age has been reached.
(4) The "corpse-keeper's soul", because it is yin in nature, can move within 100 metres of the earth, just like a fish in a fish tank. A human being swimming in qi cannot see the qi; a fish swimming in water cannot see the water; a "corpse-keeping soul" swimming in the earth cannot see the earth. "The soul of a corpse is at peace with its bones in the earth! If the bones do not enter the earth, they will not be nourished by the earth's qi, and the "corpse-keeping soul" will not be at peace. They will not achieve great success, and even if they do, they will not be able to keep it for long. (5) Within a hundred metres, the "corpse-keeping spirits" of different families interfere with each other because the frequency signals are different (just like the incompatibility between two different browsers on a computer), so some families suffer and some get the benefit. The environment around the gravesite (height, roads, water, trees, buildings, etc.) determines the aura of the "guardian spirits". If the aura of the "spirit of the corpse" is good, the future generations will have a strong career. "The skeleton uses the spirit of the mountains and rivers for its own use, which will benefit the descendants. Every big shot has a good ancestral grave. Ancestral graves are the "roots" of people in this life, and have deep roots, or the opposite. The form of the cemetery is a feng shui taboo and should never be used].

5. The relationship between the "Dharma body, the reward body, and the incarnation body": (1) The God of Knowledge (Ge Ge) allows people to overcome their inferior nature, improve their realm, have wisdom, and guide the God of Knowledge (Magu) to go to a bright teacher, if the God of Knowledge is lazy, nasty, and does not listen to advice, the Buddha nature of the God of Knowledge becomes a demonic nature, which can only make the God of Knowledge cold and give up, and finally be taken to hell by the God of Knowledge, to do The God of Knowledge is taken to hell and is buried with the God of Knowledge. (2) The God of Knowledge (Magu) was very knowledgeable, and he had been widely involved with wise teachers, practising the "Baiyang Dharma", practising internal qi training to the point of "three flowers gathering at the top and five qi moving towards the beginning", and having the words and deeds of "only transmitting the Dharma of seeing the nature and breaking the evil sects in the world". "When God nudged the top of the Christian's head, the spirit (Gog) flew out of the body and was seen by the God of Knowledge (Magog), and the spirit (Gog, heavenly nature, angel) and the God of Knowledge (Magog, the soul of this life) "This is called in Chinese "the meeting of life, the unification of heaven and man, the unification of mind and nature, and the unification of the two. After the "unification of heaven and man", the God of Knowledge becomes the core of the God of Knowledge without being visible, and the God of Knowledge has the infinite power of the God of Knowledge, and the human body (incarnation) has the infinite power of "anticipating things as God, seeing ghosts and healing people" to prove that it is a man of the Way (Christ, the Son of God). (3) Learning to be "clear-hearted (3) If one learns a method other than the "non-dual Buddhism of seeing one's own nature", one will lose one's own nature because of the delusional attachment to "knowledge of God" (burning incense, chanting the Buddha's name, singing hymns and prayers) and the inability to realize emptiness, which will lead to the disappearance of one's spiritual nature ( The "nature self" is corrupted by the "life self"), and because the words and deeds of the person in his or her lifetime have led to the sin of passing on false information, slandering the Buddha and destroying the dharma, and harming the lives of people, the "spirit of knowledge" becomes a "sinful soul" that is tortured in hell. The "sinful soul" becomes a tortured soul in hell, and one's life is wasted and one has to be reincarnated. (4) As long as a person who has achieved clarity of mind (truly accomplished "self-doctrination") does not give up his will and does not fall through the ages, does not fearlessly expose the true nature of the demon king, and preaches the "non-dual righteous Dharma and the One Dharma" in the people as he pleases, the disciples he tries to teach will also have the same divine powers as himself. After completing the mission of doing the work of heaven and taming others, at the end of one's life, one's "destined self" (the god of knowledge and the reward body) will automatically return to one's home in heaven "like an old horse that knows the way", and only then will one be able to achieve the fruitfulness.

6. "Three bodies and four wisdoms": the "Dharma Body, the Retribution Body and the Incarnation Body" mentioned earlier are the three basic wisdoms that God teaches the world to know itself and become the Christ, which can also be called "the three subjects of the micro-science of the human body "When you understand these three truths, you have these three wisdoms. When you have these three wisdoms and understand the principle of becoming Christ (the Son of God), you have the fourth wisdom.

7. The lungs hide prana and prana: (1) Man has life in existence by having the lungs breathe, and by having the elemental spirit descend on him, and at the same time produce the spirit of knowledge; without the normal work of the lungs, man would have no life. The vitality of the lungs is prana, the pranic energy. The normal work of the lungs is accomplished through the seven orifices (a collective name for the seven orifices of the head and face: the two eyes, the two ears, the two nostrils and the mouth) that communicate between the inside and outside of the body. "The "seven pranas" are the seven orifices that supply air to the lungs, the seven orifices that connect the two eyes, two ears, two nostrils and the mouth to the pharynx and trachea. Without them, the lungs would not be able to function properly. At night, when the lungs are at their lowest capacity, only the "two nostrils" are sufficient for the intake of air, so when the eyes are closed, the bedroom is quiet, and when the mouth is closed, the "five orifices" are closed. The "prana of the five orifices" is in the lung sleep (collection). During the day, the body moves, the lung capacity increases, and all the other "five orifices" are opened to assist the "two nostrils" to take in air. (2) With the "Seven Prana", there are six doors of the "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind", and the Heart Sutra "No Eyes, Ears, Nose, Tongue, Body and Mind" means closing the "Six Doors". In the Heart Sutra, "no eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" means closing the "six doors" and nourishing the "six spirits" (eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind) internally through the practice of "internal practice of one breath". When the "six gods" are fully energized, the "five qi" will enable the consciousness gods to see the original gods, and the mind to see its nature. (3) "The corpse dog and the vampire" are the two eyes. "Bird Yin and Swallowing Thieves" are the two ears. The two nostrils are the "non-poisonous and defilement-removing" ones. "To ward off odour" is the mouth and tongue. (4) Prana refers to the boldness and decisive style of handling things. The "boldness and decisive style" is the result of the systematic training of the "external and internal elixirs". The "external elixir" is the martial art of "external training of sinew and bone" and refers to behaviour in general. "The "inner elixir" is the internal martial art and cultivation of learning, which refers to connotation. The behaviour of a person with connotation is prana.
(5) The "three souls" are referred to by Qiu Diji as "cool spirit, foetal light and ethereal essence", and by the Danding school after the Ming and Qing dynasties as "Yuan Shen, Yang Shen and Yin Shen", also known as "In fact, it is the "three bodies" of Buddhism (the Dharma body, the retribution body and the incarnation body), and the "Gog, Magog and the human body" of Christianity.

8. "Looking at the text and taking the meaning": the expressions used in the text of the Bible are: plain narratives, metaphors, allusions, reflexive language, passages, elliptical sentences, inverted sentences, in order to set up obstacles, to lead you to think, to make you wise, as a "test" for your wisdom ". If you do not have a far-sighted vision and the great wisdom to remove falsehoods and preserve truth, you will not understand the original meaning of the scriptures. If you take the literal meaning of the scriptures alone, you will be far from the original meaning, and you will not be able to accurately comprehend the meaning of the text. To take a superficial understanding from the literal meaning alone is to "take the meaning from the text".

9. "Concealing the sky from the sea": (1) literally means "concealing from the sky and stealing across the sea". It is a metaphor for using lies and disguises to hide one's true intentions from others and to act secretly and selfishly behind the scenes. (2) To teach Christians what Jesus did not do back then as "Christianity" is a farce of the devil's group "hiding from heaven". (3) To use the Old Testament, which Jesus opposed, as "Christianity" to indoctrinate Christians is a farce by the devil's group to "hide the truth from the world". (4) Christian church groups use various forms to make Christians forget their original intention of "coming to Christianity and becoming Christ" because the devil's group is staging a farce of "concealment".

10. "Save yourself and save others": (1) In order to save others, you must first be able to save yourself. (2) The Christian himself has not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron", which means that he has not achieved "self-help and salvation". "He was not qualified to preach "salvation" at all. (3) The Christian himself has become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received the rod of iron", which means that he has achieved "self-redemption and salvation "He was qualified to preach "salvation". This is "self-help and salvation".

11. "Mourning and glory for the ages": (1) Jesus (1-30 years old) was the descendant of the Emperor Nan Hua (the Fire Elder, the Fire Lord) from the "Five Old Men" (the Golden Wood, Water, Fire and Earth), and at the age of six he began to have clear eyes and the power to see ghosts and gods. At the age of 15 and a half, Jesus became a young man who knew how to behave, and was taught by God to practise the "golden elixir" systematically. Because Jesus was already gifted with divine powers, he soon met his own "Gog" (spirit), knew his mission and began his missionary work. (2) Jesus came into contact with a wide range of religious people and discovered that they all had demons and monsters in them, and that they did not know how to "practice their inner breath". God taught Jesus the "inner breath" and did not allow Jesus to pass it on to others because there was no time for him to do so, but only to those around him. (3) Jesus came into contact with many people and slowly learned about Judaism, which practised the "Old Testament", and discovered that Judaism was a demonic group that "harmed people's lives". Jesus rebuked Judaism as "woe to the hypocritical scribes and the blind leaders". God repeatedly admonished Jesus to take it easy, and the fiery-tempered Jesus slowly learned to attack the demonic group of Judaism with wise and sharp words. (4) As Jesus' influence grew, so did his impact on Judaism, which eventually became unbearable, so that Judaism, through the power of its rulers, designated Christianity as a "cult" and "crucified Jesus". The cross was used to crucify Jesus. But instead of disappearing with the murder of Jesus, the religion of Jesus expanded rapidly. In 313 AD, Constantine I (272-337), Emperor of the Western Roman Empire, issued the Edict of Milan, declaring that Christianity was free and non-discriminatory with all other religions. From then on Christianity became an officially recognised and legal religion. The Christian religion of Jesus became the state religion of Rome, and Jesus, the Christian Patriarch, became the "State Teacher" of the Roman Empire. To this day, Christianity is the world's first religion and Jesus is the head of the world's first religion, an honour that Jesus did not receive during his lifetime and one that is long overdue. Jesus' situation is one of "mourning and glory for a thousand years".

(1) The "devil's son, the devil's grandson", as they are often called in China, is one of the three main types of demons: animals, plants and ghosts. (1) The "devil's children and subordinates" are the more virtuous and powerful of the three main types of demons: animals, plants and spirits, and are the children and subordinates of the "devil king"; they refer to all the evil spirits of the feminine nature that harm people; they are the "Satanic ones" in Christianity. (2) "12:9 The great dragon is the ancient serpent, whose name is the devil, and his name is Satan". (3) For the rest of the detailed explanation, go to "23, The Devil" above. (4) Satan (the devil) in the religious world is the virus that harms people in the medical world.

13. The reasons why "the devil harms people": (1) Man is an organism in which "yin and yang are in balance". Satan (demons) of any kind are pure yin, they stop at any part of the human body, in any part of the body to absorb the body's yang energy to become their food to grow, they are a kind of invisible parasites. The Satan (devil) of the religious world is the virus that harms people in the medical world. (2) When the devil (virus) absorbs yang energy from any part of the body, that part will feel "sore, numb and painful", because it blocks the blood circulation system of that part and is felt by the nervous system. If it is not removed for a long period of time, the area will become diseased and have symptoms of localised necrosis. The devil (virus) grows rapidly because it draws on the body's yang energy, and eventually threatens a vital organ, putting it at risk. This is why it is said that "the devil is harmful to people".
(3) Demons are like darkness at night, they are the essence of yin energy, they are negative energy, they are extremely lacking in yang energy, so they instinctively "find something to eat" to make themselves grow, so it is their nature to "harm others and benefit themselves". This is why they are said to be evil. Evil does not invade right, it is not evil. (4) Yahweh is the yang that comes out of darkness and is the source of life for all things to grow. Sunlight is the reaction of matter within the sun itself to produce light and heat, and does not require external energy; all such cases are considered to be positive energy. It is Christ who shines the sun through the darkness and eradicates the devil. If the good does not break the evil, it is not right.
(5) Christianity is how to break the indoctrination of Satanism. If Satanism cannot be broken, Christianity cannot be established. This is the cosmic law of "no breakage, no establishment". (6) The way for a human being to become a Christ is to "gather the essence and transform it" through "internal practice of the breath", so that the original spirit (Dharma body, Gog, heavenly life, heavenly nature) can fly out of the human body and be seen by the spirit of knowledge (Magog, life soul) in this life. After the "unification of heaven and man", he becomes Christ. The "gathering of essence" is the use of one's own kidney essence as raw material to become Christ by one's own efforts. This is why human beings are said to be the right way.

(1) All animals are inferior to humans because they do not have all the "five elements" (gold, wood, water, fire and earth), but only one or two or three of the "five elements". (2) Mao: refers to beasts, all kinds of animals with hair, led by the unicorn; the five elements are wood. (2) Feathers: refers to birds, the long ones with feathers, led by the phoenix; the five elements are fire. Scales: fish, including, of course, snakes and dragons with long scales, headed by a dragon; the five elements are of the genus Jin. KAI: all kinds of crustaceans and insects, headed by the tortoise; the five elements are water. Naked: is a naked insect without the protection of fur, with the skin of its body exposed; the five elements are of the earth. (3) The hair and sweat of a human being belong to wood. The human hand is the feathers of a bird, of the genus Fire. The nails of the fingers and toes are scales, which belong to gold. A man's genitals are like crustaceans, of the genus Water. The naked skin of a man is like a naked worm, of the earth. This is the reason why man is above animals as the master of the earth.

(1) The "Muni pearl" is the pearl on the head of Shakyamuni, a metaphor for the essence of his Buddhist thought that allows people to "see their nature and become Buddhas". (2) In order to test people's wisdom, Shakyamuni gave many other names to "the essence of his Buddhist thought that enables people to see and become Buddhas", all with the same purpose as the statements in Genesis and Revelation, that is, to set the threshold for ordinary people, that you cannot understand because you are not wise, and that you should go to someone who can understand to find out. (3) Shakyamuni Buddha's "essence of Buddhist thought that enables people to see their nature and become Buddhas", and others are also known as: the non-dual Dharma of clearing the mind and seeing one's nature, the needle of the sea, the golden rod of Ruyi, the One Vehicle Dharma, the Wu-wei Dharma, the Western Coming, the Seal of the Buddha's Heart, the Wonderful Dharma of the Seal of the Heart, the Sect of the Roundton, the Golden Lotus, the Eye of the True Dharma, the Teaching of the Other, the One Laughing Flower, the Mouni Treasure Pearl, the Dingnan Needle, the The Buddha and mortal are not two in the same as Rulai Zen. The classics represented are the Vajra Sutra, the Tantras, the Heart Sutra, the Sutra of Relics, the Sutra of Universal Enlightenment, the Sutra of the Great Brahma King asking the Buddha to resolve his doubts, the 21-part Dharma Flower Sutra, and the Dharma Sutra Discourses. (4) The Buddha of Buddhism is the Christ like Jesus. The essence of Gautama's Buddhist thought that allows people to "see their nature and become Buddha" is that Buddhism is a "Sakyamuni ark" that allows people to become Buddha (Christ). As long as you are still studying Buddhism, you are not getting off the boat because you don't know where the other shore is, and you can never become a Buddha, because it is beings who study Buddhism, and Buddhas don't study Buddhism, so you can't study Buddhism if you want to become a Buddha. The Buddha who does not learn is the Buddha (Christ) who "abandons the boat and embarks on the other shore". If one preaches the "pearl of Muni" with the words and deeds of "only preaching the law of insight and breaking the evil sect", one is a Buddhist Buddha, a Christ like Jesus. (5) With such words and actions, Jesus rebuked the Jewish group as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", which means that Jesus is the Buddha (Christ) who preaches the "pearl of Muni" with his words and actions of "preaching only the law of insight and breaking the evil". "The Buddha (Christ). (6) The Buddhist "pearl of Muni" is Jesus' "incomparable method for Christians to become Christ", the words and actions of Jesus himself.

(1) The "Golden Elixir" is the Chinese Taoist method of "internal qi training". (2) In order for the Gog (the primordial spirit, the self-nature, and the Dharma body) to fly out of the human body, so that the Magog (the consciousness, the body, and the life soul) in this life can see and become a Christ like Jesus, the first step is to inflate the Gog (the primordial spirit, the self-nature, and the Dharma body) and give it power to lay the foundation for flying out of the human body. Through the "internal practice of qi", the kidney essence in the man's body (the egg cell in the woman's body) is vaporized and becomes the same clear qi as that of the Gog (the primordial spirit, the self-nature, the dharma body). (3) When the "internal practice of qi" has been refined to the point where "the three flowers are gathered together and the five qi are transformed into energy", Jehovah nudges the "genkuan" (fontanelle) at the top of the monk's head, and the gog (the spirit, the self, the dharma body) flies out! The human body is seen by the Magog (the God of Knowledge, the Body of Knowledge, and the Soul of Life) in this life, and the Magog and the Magog "become one", and the Magog (the God of Knowledge, the Self, and the Soul of Life) becomes the core of the Magog (the God of Knowledge, the Body of Knowledge, and the Soul of Life) without being revealed. The practitioner of Taoism then becomes the Christ (Son of God) who is able to heal the sick and cast out demons, as Jesus did, and is then refined into a "golden elixir". This method of training to become the Christ (Son of God) of the Taoists is called the "Golden Elixir". (4) Revelation 20:2 And he caught the dragon, the ancient serpent, also called the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years; 20:3 and cast him into the bottomless pit, and closed it, and sealed it with a seal, that he should not confound the nations any more. And when the thousand years are finished, afterwards it must be released for a time". Here Jesus is talking about the practice of "internal qi training". (5) Jesus was the second person in the West, outside of China and India, to practise the Golden Path, the first being "Noah" in Genesis. "Noah taught the Golden Path in ancient times, not just to his family, but to a large group of people. Noah" used the "Golden Path" to form a sect, known worldwide as "Noah's Ark". Jesus himself practised the Golden Path and did not teach his disciples because it was not meant to be taught at that time, and this was the "Law of Fortune". Not everyone could have encountered the same kind of preacher as Jesus, and this is the "luck of the law". (6) There were 28 Indians who practised the Golden Path, from Sakyamuni Buddha to Dharma. Buddhism only knows Sakyamuni Buddha as a meditator, and Sakyamuni Buddha only talks about "seeing one's nature and becoming a Buddha", not about "practising one's breath internally", which is "Dharma luck". From Sakyamuni Buddha to Dhamma, only one person can pass on the teachings in his lifetime, and this is the "Dharma luck". The Confucians who practised the "internal practice of one breath" included Confucius, Zisi and Mencius.

(1) The nature is a gift, the self-nature that comes from heaven (nature, heavenly nature, heavenly destiny, Buddha nature, Dharma body, Yuan Shen, Gog, which is the same as Buddha, angels, Christ, Wuji, innate heaven, Tao, dragon). (2) By calling the Jewish group "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", Jesus is showing the true nature of Christ and is "cultivating his nature". Without the words and deeds of "preaching the law of insight and breaking the evil one" to promote the "pearl of Muni", there would be no "cultivation of nature". (3) The "cultivation of sex" is neglected by most Taoists because Taoists focus on the cultivation of life by "practising one's breath internally". Many people in Taoism have the delusion that they will wait until they have attained the "golden elixir" before subduing demons, which makes the method of "cultivating one's life" obliterate one's true nature, which is the same as that of God.
(4) Life is a human gift, the knowledge of God (the body, the Magus, the soul, the afterlife, the heart consciousness, the Emperor, and the Hua) that a human being has after birth because his lungs are breathing. Life is the "essence" of the human being, the root of which is the kidney essence. The Taoist practice of "internal qi training" allows the kidney essence to be vaporised into a clear qi that is identical to that of the original spirit, which is called "gathering essence and transforming qi". This is called "gathering the essence and transforming it into qi", so that the soul in this life can reach the realm of selfhood, realise "life meeting life and the unity of heaven and man", and become the Christ, and become the "golden elixir". This is the "cultivation of life". (5) The "practice of internal qi" has historically been a popular tradition of small Taoist sects (folk sects) that are not recognised by orthodoxy. The orthodox Taoists did not really practice "internal qi training" at all, but only under the guise of the "golden elixir of the Way", which is the reason why "the Way is born of the devil". (6) The "dual cultivation of life" is an organic combination of the Taoist cultivation of life and the Buddhist cultivation of sex, resulting in a comprehensive upgrade that takes advantage of each other's strengths and weaknesses. Because more people are confused about what is the essence of Taoism and Buddhism, they are unable to realise the "dual cultivation of life". This is determined by the level of civilization of human society, and this is the "Dharma luck".

Part III: Explaining the Book of Revelation as a symbol of the "Five Religions" of the Middle Kingdom as part of the "Chinese Dream"]
1. There is an ancient Chinese book called "The Three Yang Treasure Scroll", which tells of the "wedding feast of the lamb" in three different periods, and contains the following sentence: Bai Yang was originally the master of the sect, the master of the five sects will meet in the middle of heaven, the heavenly plate and the earthly plate and the human plate will meet, so that it is not in vain to cultivate one for human beings, this is the theory of the three Yang Kai Tai. This is the truth of the three suns and the earth and the people. This means that on 6 August 2015, when the 16-page, 480-page Long Hua Zhen Jing (Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism and the three religions are united) is released, and the "Year of the Three Suns and the Enlightenment of Yi Wei" is achieved, there will be a situation in which the "five masters of the five religions will meet in Zhong Tian".
In the spring of 2017, we began a cursory exposition of the Pentateuch at the top of the Old Testament, followed by a detailed exposition of 1 and 2 Samuel, which provided a thorough understanding of the "Jewish doctrine" and laid the foundation for the exposition of the Book of Revelation in April Today Today, I have finished the final draft of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, and I have completed "The Christian Church of Jesus will be in Heaven", and I am still one step away from "The Five Religions will be in Heaven". In a few days' time, the Qur'an will be interpreted, and the "five masters will meet in heaven" will be realized.

2. On 1 October 1949, the People's Republic of China replaced the Republic of China, and the "blue sky, white sun and red earth" was replaced by the "five-star red flag"; the "five-star red flag" denoted the red sun world. After the end of the "transitional period", the Zhongtian Church was born, as the "five stars" represented the fifth position of "earth" in "gold, wood, water, fire and earth". The "Five Stars" represent the "Earth" in the fifth position of "Metal, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth". A "Great Star" is "Taoism", and the remaining four small stars surrounding the "Great Star" are "Confucianism, Buddhism, Islam and Islam "This is the origin of China's "Five Star Flag". China will not only become the centre of the "Five Religions", but will also host the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" (the three phases of the Long Hua Conference) with the participation of all five religions. "The three religions are united, the five religions are one, the mother has returned to her roots, and she has returned to God.

3. "Bai Yang Kai Yuan Zhen Jing" The Emperor himself hangs up his marshal, today the king comes to pay his respects to my family, inviting me to come out to revitalise China, the heavenly soldiers and generals are lined up on both sides, the three armies of the Emperor's family come to protect him. When the Dharma is accomplished, the gates of heaven are opened, the home beyond the heavens is the home, the thunder of spring shakes the heavens, the old mother, the ancient Buddha, sits on a lotus flower, and the heads of the chiefs of the various schools bow down.
The verses quoted here refer to the "wedding feast of the lamb" (the three phases of the Long Hua Conference), in which the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Yehudi attended together, and in which the leader of a country "put up his marshal in person". "Who is he? We will wait a little and we will see.

4. Notes: (1) My disciple Zhao Bo used the "English-Chinese translator's software" to translate The True Explanation of the Book of Revelation, because the software system does not have certain vocabulary of the religion, some of the words may be inappropriate and will be revised later. (2) The English version of the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation is a "Christmas gift" from the Church of God to the whole Christian nation. (3) The English edition of the True Exposition of the Apocalypse is an important symbol of the "Five Church Leaders' Meeting in China" and a sign of the internationalisation of the "Chinese Dream". (4) This edition is the fifth book of the Baiyang Daizangjing Christ Collection. (5) Li Huaizhu, a Taoist by birth, has not only captured the essence of the three religions, Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism, and created the "final act of unification of the three religions", but has also interpreted and translated the Christian Bible, the Book of Revelation. I invite those who are still "foolish" within one denomination to reflect on themselves. Those who have become Christ (the Son of God) can do "everything" (nothing is impossible). Without becoming Christ (the Son of God), one can do "nothing". (15 August 2017)

5. Concerning the "Old Testament": (1) "Jesus Christ" for calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish Church (1) The "crucifixion" of Jesus Christ by the Jewish community for calling the Jewish priests "hypocrites and blind leaders" and for overthrowing the Jewish "Old Testament era" to open the "New Testament era" is evidence that the Jewish community is a demonic one. The Old Testament, a classic of Judaism, was incorporated into the Christian Bible as a "textbook and touchstone" for Jehovah to open the eyes of Christians to Christ.
(2) The Old Testament is the classic of the demonic group Judaism, which was overthrown by "Jesus Christ", and it is through the study of the Old Testament that we discover why Jesus called the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and who found Whoever finds the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame". (3) If you do not find the reason why "Jesus Christ" rebuked the Jewish priests, and if you practice the words and actions of the Jewish priests as if they were "Christian doctrine", then you are a devil's minion who has gone astray and has made a thief his father.
(4) The first book of the Old Testament, Genesis, is a classic that predates "Judaism" and has since become a "Jewish classic". Therefore, one should not think that Genesis is a "Jewish classic". If you understand Genesis, you will find that the Jewish Old Testament is the opposite of what Yahweh taught in Genesis. It was because Jesus understood Genesis that he attacked the Jewish group, knowing what the "teaching of Yahweh" was. (5) For more information on the heavenly mysteries in Genesis, please refer to the second part of the Baiyang Daizangjing Christ Collection, The True Explanation of Genesis. (August 17, 2017)

Posted by Li Huaiju on 2017-6-23 21:55:33 Aug 14 edit Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









