Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (22-24) Rules for taking a wife
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (22) Men do not marry women whom your fathers have married
22. "And do not marry women whom your fathers have married, but those who have gone before are not punished. This is indeed a scandalous thing and a hateful act, and such a custom is abominable!" (1) A "woman whom your father has married" is of the same rank as "mother" and is a sister of your own mother. If a man "marries a woman whom your father has married", he is insulting his mother, so you men should not marry a woman whom your father has married. (2) Before the Qur'an, when such things happened out of ignorance, there was no "written rule" and people did not have such moral and ethical concepts, and those who had done so were not punished. After the Qur'an, such moral and ethical concepts were "explicitly stated" and any recurrence of such things was punishable. (2) It is indeed a scandal and an abomination for a man to marry a woman whom your father has married, and it is a pernicious practice that corrupts human morals.

Chapter 4 of the Holy Qur'an (23) Rules for men to marry their wives
23. "Allah strictly forbids you to marry your mothers, your daughters, your sisters, your aunts, your uncles, your nieces, your nephews, your mothers-in-law, your sisters-in-law, your mothers-in-law, and your stepdaughters whom you have brought up, i.e. those with whose mothers you have been in wedlock, and if you have not been in wedlock with their mothers, then you may not marry them. Allah also forbids you to marry the daughters-in-law of your own sons, and to marry two sisters at the same time, but the former are not punished. Indeed, Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful." (1) It is forbidden to have sexual relations with "mothers, daughters, sisters, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, mothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, mothers-in-law, and stepdaughters whom you have nurtured", let alone marry them, which is a "human morality" that men cannot cross. This is the bottom line, the difference between man and animal. If you cross this "human morality" line, you lose the qualification to be a human being and are a corrupt animal. (2) You may not remarry women with whom you have been in the same room as their mothers and who are directly related to their mothers by blood. But if you have not been with their mother, then you may marry them without prejudice. (3) Marrying the daughter-in-law of your own sons and marrying two sisters at the same time is a corruption of human morality and a beastly act, and therefore is strictly forbidden by God. (4) Before the Qur'an, such things were done out of ignorance, but at that time God did not "specify" them, nor did people have such moral and ethical concepts, so they were not punished. After the Qur'an, such moral and ethical concepts were "explicitly stated" and any recurrence of such things was punishable. (5) Indeed, God is Forgiving and Merciful to those who repent of their sins. Those who do not repent of their sins will not receive Allah's forgiveness and mercy.

The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (24): The custom of God: men are strictly forbidden to marry women who have husbands
24. "(He also strictly forbids you to marry) women who have husbands, except those over whom you have authority; and this is Allah's custom for you. And all women except these are lawful for you, and you may seek to marry women through your property, but you shall be chaste and not lewd. And the women whom you have married, you shall give to them the bride-price which has been decided upon. And what you both agree to after the bride-price has been decided is no sin for you. Indeed, Allah is All-Knowing, and Most Wise." (1) If you marry a woman who has a husband, you are breaking up their original family with a demonic act, and it is an immoral, dishonourable, vile and evil act, so Allah strictly forbids you men to marry women who have husbands. By this Allah has made a custom for you men. (2) "It is forbidden for you to marry women who have husbands, except those over whom you have authority" is a literary device of "reflexive language", and if you are not wise If you do not have the wisdom to see through the "test" and still believe in it, then you are a servant of the devil. You should know that Allah's original meaning is: "It is strictly forbidden for you to marry women who have husbands, nor to marry women who have husbands under your authority. By this Allah has made a custom for you men." If you do not have such a state of mind, you are not qualified to be a "man over women" and you must be a despicable and corrupt official who deals in "power and sex" and breaks up the families of his subordinates, and you must be a devil who bullies men and women.
(3) As long as they are not directly related to you by blood and do not transgress the rules of "human morality", all women without husbands are legitimate to you men, and you may seek to marry women through your own property. But you women should be chaste and not lewd. If a woman has no idea of "human morality", she is unchaste and a lecherous woman, and men are to keep away from them, for they are devils who corrupt the "human morality" of God. (4) And those women who are married to you, you shall give them the bride-price which has been decided upon. There is no sin for you in what you both agree to do after the bride-price has been decided. (5) Allah is All-Knowing and Wise as to who is a good man who observes the morals of mankind and who is a devil who corrupts the morals of Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 11 June 2018 07:51 09:23 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











