Qur'an, Chapter 4: Women (Nisa'i) (48-50) The Great Sin of Matching One's Lord with Something
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Holy Qur'an, Chapter 4 (48) Allah will not forgive the sins of those who match their Lord with their goods
48. "And Allah will not forgive the sin of the one who takes a thing for his Lord, but He forgives a sin inferior to it for the one He desires. And whoever matches his Lord with a thing has committed a great sin." : (1) Allah is the infinite vacuum, the source of birth and life, a spiritual light. To give anything tangible to Allah is to impose it on Him for reasons unknown to Him, it is not acceptable to Him, and it is the opposite of what Allah has made man to be, and it is a magical and evil way to obliterate it. (2) To make a Muslim a "swirler of salutations, a pious abbot, a bower of bowing" to God is the devil's magic of "matching things with God" to obliterate God's The words and deeds of the infallible, who have not made the Muslim a Christ with "eyes like fire and a rod of iron", will not be able to live forever in paradise, but will have to serve in the Fire, and so there is "the sin of matching things with God". Allah will not forgive the sin of taking anything for the Lord. (3) The sacrifice of the flesh of any animal to Allah is a "sin against God" and the devil is insulting God, who gives life, with the act of mutilating it. Allah will not forgive the sins of the twain.
(4) All other sins are inferior to the sin of "taking things from one's Lord", but if he repents of them, he will become one of those whom Allah intends to be merciful, and will be forgiven by Him. (5) Because the practice of "matching things to one's Lord" misleads people, deprives them of wisdom, disqualifies them from being human beings, and keeps the cycle of reincarnation going, whoever matches things to one's Lord has committed a great sin. (6) The sin of "matching things to one's Lord" is to slander God, to confuse people, to harm their lives, and to create hell on earth, and this is why God will not forgive the sin of matching things to one's Lord.

The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (49) Imams are "those who claim to be innocent"
49. "Have you not seen those who claim to be innocent? Otherwise, Allah makes those whom He wills innocent, and they do not suffer the slightest wrong." (1) Those who do not have the iron rod to distinguish between "Christ and the devil" and who do not know that anyone who eats any flesh is a devil who destroys lives are "those who profess innocence". (2) You do not see the professing innocent because you do not have the iron rod of discernment between "Christ and the devil", nor do you know that anyone who eats any meat is a life-threatening devil. (3) When you have the iron rod of discernment between Christ and the devil, and you know that anyone who eats any meat is a devil who destroys life, then you will have seen the "professing innocent".
(4) God intended all His creatures to be innocent, and He sent His messenger to deliver the Bible and the Qur'an, but most of the "recipients of the Scriptures" have no sense of independent thought and rely heavily on the misunderstandings of others. This is the sorrow of their laziness and ignorance. (5) It was the intention of God that all His creatures should be untainted and innocent, and that the Chinese Messenger should explain the meaning of the Bible and the Qur'an, overturn the existing misunderstandings and misrepresentations, and at the same time enlighten man to become the infallible truth of Christ's return to heaven, and open the "Last Judgement". If Muslims follow the true meaning of the Bible and the Qur'an as expounded by the Chinese Messenger, and practise the true way hidden in the Scriptures that makes people become Christ in heaven, they will be able to become Christ in eternal paradise under the guardianship of the Chinese Messenger without the slightest misunderstanding.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 4 (50) Disinformation by Imams under the guise of Allah
50. "See: how they disinform in the name of Allah! This is a clear sin." (1) The literary skills of the imams are so poor that they do not see the "test" of "ellipsis, metaphor, refrain" and so on in the Bible, and simply take the verse literally, which leads to misinterpretation of the verse, as is the case with the imams "They are all guilty of misinterpreting the scriptures, slandering God and demagoguing the hearts of the people, and harming their lives. (2) It is only when one has acquired sufficient basic knowledge and a broad perspective that one can "enter the religion and leave it in style" and not become a "swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, or a bower" that one can truly understand the meaning of the Scriptures and avoid the sin of misinterpreting them. This is the only way to understand the true meaning of the Scriptures and to avoid the sin of misinterpreting them.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 13 Jun 2018 17:32 19:41 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









