Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (1-2) There is only one truth
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (1-2) There is only one truth

"In the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate!" (1) God sent the sons and daughters of Paradise down to earth to become the people of the nations of the world to build the Paradise on earth, so that they might be honoured for the benefit of the Hereafter, and in order that the sons and daughters who had completed their mission of building the Paradise on earth might encounter the Way of Return to Heaven, God sent His Messenger to circulate in the world "the infallible truth of becoming Christ to Heaven (2) To break up the devil's "path of return" to heaven. (2) To break the demonic path of the devil, Ibn Ibrahim, and to promote "the true path of becoming Christ to Heaven" is to make people the messengers of the present Christ, so that such an imam can be "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate ". (3) The imams who reduce people to the status of "swirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing" are messengers of the devil, "Ibrahim", who mislead believing Muslims into serving their sentence in hell under the guise of Allah, and who say The words "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate" are merely a cover for their mortal sin of "slandering Allah and harming the lives of people".
The Qur'an, Chapter 4, (1) observes the rules, which are "Fear your Lord".
1. "O people! Fear your Lord, who created you from a man, and made that man's spouse of his own kind, and created from them both many men and women. Fear Allah, the Lord of the worlds, in whose name you often claim mutual rights, and respect blood relatives. Indeed, Allah watches over you." (1) Allah is the Old Mother who gave birth to the world, the Lord who gave you life, and your Lord. Allah is the Creator and has made various rules for man to follow. To obey the rules set by Allah is to "fear your Lord". If you do not know the rules and do not observe them, you do not have the fear of your Lord. In order that men might know the rules and observe them, Allah sent His Messenger into the world to preach and to teach the world how to "fear your Lord". Since there is a Christ and a devil in the Messenger, there are two types of people who teach the world how to "fear your Lord".
(2) Allah is the Infinite, also called the Word, and "He created you from one man", which is "the Word begotten of one". "And He created that man's mate of his own kind", which is "one life and two", the taiji, the yin and yang of the two opposite sexes. "He created you from one, and He created that man's mate of his own kind", which is "Wuji begets Taiji, and Taiji begets the two rites". "And from them both He created many men and women", which is "two begets three". (3) "He created you from one man, and He made the mate of that man of his own kind, and created from them both many men and women." This cosmic vision is explained by the Chinese Taoist theory: "Tao gives birth to one, one to two, two to three, and three to everything", that is, "Wuji gives birth to Taiji, Taiji gives birth to two yi, two yi give birth to four elephants, four elephants give birth to eight trigrams, and eight trigrams determine the state of the universe". (4) Do you see? The cultures of different peoples differ only in their surface words and phrases, but the meaning of the words and phrases is the same. This is the reason why it is said that "all sacredness has the same origin", this is the reason why it is said that "teaching and education have the same root", this is the reason why it is said that "there is only one truth and the correct Dharma is one and the same", and this is the reason why it is said that "the Buddha's way is the same". This is the reason why it is said that "the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam are one".
(5) The word "date" is a traditional Chinese character and the simplified Chinese character is "jujube", which is the fruit of a fruit tree and is purple-red in colour when it is ripe. Genesis 2:17 But the fruit of the tree of the distinction between good and evil, you shall not eat of it, for in the day you eat of it you will surely die", "the fruit of the tree of the distinction between good and evil", a metaphor for the final result of man's own good and evil deeds and words. "The "fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil" is also called the "forbidden fruit", a metaphor for the rule that "good is rewarded with good and evil is rewarded with evil. "(6) Fear Allah. (6) Fear the rule of Allah that "good is rewarded with good and evil with evil" and do not eat of the forbidden fruit. In fact, you often pretend in the name of Allah that you are good people who abide by the rules and do not eat the forbidden fruit, but secretly you do things that are against the rules and eat the forbidden fruit. (7) Both men and women have the right to ask each other to satisfy themselves sexually, provided that they mutually agree. After mutual consent, the opinions of blood relatives must be respected. If you have sex without your family knowing about your relationship, you are having "forbidden fruit" and breaking the rules.
(8) Allah knows anything you do or say that is not in accordance with the "forbidden fruit", and He is indeed able to watch over you, for He is everywhere. (9) There is a Chinese saying, "Heaven does not hide adultery", which means that whenever a man or woman has an affair, it will be known; there is no such thing as a "golden house" where a man or woman can hide their love in absolute secrecy. There is no such thing as absolute secrecy, no secrecy, but a "golden house". Therefore, do not have any delusions.
The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (2) It is a great sin to swallow up the property of orphans
2. "And return to the orphans their property, and do not exchange (your) bad (property) for (their) good (property), nor annex their property to your property and devour it. This is indeed a great sin." (1) When orphans who have lost their parents are young and temporarily incapable of managing their property, you should protect their property out of respect for the dead and not allow it to be lost. After a few years, when the orphans have grown up and become sensible and capable of managing their property, you should return to them the property belonging to the orphans in its original form without expecting anything in return, so that you can be a righteous and innocent person. (2) When exchanging the property of orphans, do not exchange your bad property for their good property. (3) If you incorporate their property into your property, this is an act of devouring it, and such an act is indeed a great sin of taking by force, and is only done by the unrighteous. (4) The righteous will be rewarded by Allah and the unrighteous will be punished. Indeed, Allah is divine in the liquidation of the unrighteous.
Posted by Li Huaiju on 9 June 2018 15:18 16:51 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei

 
Namo Maitreya Buddha!Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!Namo Gong Zhang Zu!Namo Rutong Buddha!
Read the original article