Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (30-31) Suicide is strictly forbidden
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (30) The one who commits suicide escapes from many unfulfilled duties and obligations, so Allah strictly forbids suicide.
30: "And whoever commits this strict prohibition for excess and injustice, I will cast him into the Fire, and it is easy for Allah." : (1) Allah has given life to all beings in order to have this heaven on earth, and does not take life lightly, and the Lord is merciful. To commit suicide because of a temporary setback is an act of "excess and injustice", for it is a coward who has not fulfilled his duties and responsibilities and has failed in his mission. (2) Whoever commits suicide, I will cast him into the Fire. This is a solemn warning from Allah to the coward who has shirked many unfulfilled duties and obligations and has failed to fulfil his mission.
(3) Everyone has a mission in life, and there would be no life in this world if it were not for the purpose of fulfilling that mission. Everyone's mission is determined before he is born, and how he is to die after completing his mission is determined. When you were born, Allah decreed that you should live to be 70 years old in order to fulfil your mission. When you were 50 years old, you committed suicide because you were worried about the cynicism of the world and could not face the reality of suffering in the world with equanimity. At this time Allah cannot immediately put you on trial in the Fire because it is only in that month, day and time when you are 70 years old that your life soul (both eyes) will be taken away by the Messenger of Allah and you will be made legally dead. (4) Allah, the Creator, has given you life and a specific way of death. The way you choose to commit suicide is not prescribed by Allah and has not been approved by Him, therefore, any form of suicide is "unlawful" and an extreme act that is not approved by Allah. Because your arbitrary act is not acceptable to Allah, you will be punished for your ignorance. When you commit suicide, your soul (the two eyes) is fixed on that type of suicide. For example, if you hang yourself, you will be held by that noose around your neck forever after death, suffering from suffocation until the day you die. Those who kill themselves by drinking poison will always stop at the moment of being poisoned, with painful internal poisoning, until they are brought to trial in the Fire by the Messenger of Allah on the day you die.
(5) If you die before the time of your death, before you have completed your mission, and before the Messenger of Allah has come to take you, your soul (two eyes) will not be able to enter the Fire for trial, and your soul (two eyes) will become a vagrant subjected to the devil. When we die, we are not protected by Allah, and our souls (eyes) are invaded by all kinds of demons, and your soul (eyes) becomes a servant of the devil. It is not until the day you die that the Messenger of Allah finds you that your years of being abused by the devil will end and you will be tried in the Fire. (6) Therefore, do not think that "I am tired of living, and when I die I will be free of stress and relieved", but in fact, this is not the case. You have less time to die than you have to kill yourself, and you are worse off if you kill yourself than if you live. Therefore, we should not do whatever we want out of ignorance. We should cherish the precious person that Allah has given us, face our honour and disgrace with equanimity, and go through life and death naturally.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (31) Do not violate the various prohibitions established by Allah, and enter the place of honor.
31: "And if you turn away from all the great sins which you have been forbidden, We will forgive you all your sins and bring you to a place of honor." : (1) "All the great sins which are forbidden" are all the great sins that come from not keeping the word of the Lord and from violating various prohibitions. "Keep away from all the great sins which you are forbidden" means that having done so by adhering to the Lord's way and keeping away from evil, and not violating the various prohibitions established by Allah, one does not have all the great sins because of violating the prohibitions. (2) If you keep to the path of the Lord and stay away from evil and do not violate the various prohibitions established by Allah, you will not have all the great sins because of violating the prohibitions, and you will have a good and respectable reputation, which is equivalent to Allah "forgiving you all your sins and bringing you to a place of honor".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 11 June 2018 18:44 19:36 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









