Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (3-5) Monogamy
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (3) It is only fair that you men should take only one wife each and not have sexual relations with other women.
3. "If you are afraid that you cannot treat orphans fairly, then you may choose the women you love and take two, three or four wives each; if you are afraid that you cannot treat them fairly, then you may take only one wife each, or be satisfied with your slave girls. This is more nearly fair." : (1) "If you are afraid that you cannot treat orphans fairly", I am afraid that you cannot treat anyone fairly either, because you do not have compassion, fairness and justice in compassion for the weak and the poor. Then you will indulge your own selfish desires, and you will be free to choose the women you love as you wish, and to marry two, three or four wives each, which is a violation of the signs of God and a sin of adultery. (2) If you take two wives, three wives or four wives each, you must not treat them fairly, for you are all criminals without compassion, fairness and justice, and are guilty of the sin of adultery. (3) "You may take only one wife each, and if you are satisfied with your female slaves, you are criminals who have committed adultery. (4) "You may take only one wife each, or be satisfied with your female slaves. This is more nearly fair." This is a "test" of Allah, a literary device in the form of a "refrain". Allah's original meaning is: You may take only one wife each, and you may no longer be satisfied with your female slaves for sexual relations. That is what is fair. It is not fair to your wives if you men take one wife and then have sexual relations with your slave girls to satisfy your personal desires.
(5) Allah has deliberately used the words "to indulge in lust" in order to make you lustful, and then has written very vaguely about what is "fair" in order to see which of you Muslims has a "fair heart ". "You may marry only one wife each", which is Allah's clear ruling on marriage and the "monogamy" that He has given to Muslims, is diluted by words that say "this is more nearly fair This is more than fairness" to induce selfish desires and to allow them to erase the true "fairness" of your hearts. Whoever sees through this "literal barrier" set up by God, removes this "literal barrier" and comes out of God's "enchantment" is the true Christ. Whoever takes the words literally and does not know which words to choose will become a devilish "Ibrahim" who will be tested by the "test".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (4) A man should prepare the bride price and marriage ceremony for the woman he loves
4. "You should give the bride price of women as a gift to them. If they willingly give you a portion of it, then you may gladly accept and enjoy it." : (1) "Bride price" means the preparation of the bride price and ceremony. You men should prepare the bride price and the marriage ceremony for the women you love, as a gift to them, so that they may become lawful spouses. (2) If they willingly give you a portion of the bride price, then you may gladly accept and enjoy it. If a woman does not willingly give you a part of her bride price, you cannot force her to do so.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (5) Attitude towards the unwise and foolish
5. "And give not your property, which God has given you for your sustenance, to the fools, but feed and clothe them with the profit of it. And speak mildly to them from your Lord." : (1) Your property, which was given to you by Allah not only for your sustenance but also as a reward for the good deeds you have done, do not leave it in the hands of a fool who is not wise, to prevent him from being deceived in a way that would cause you to lose it. You shall provide for them fools with the profits of your property for their food and clothing. (2) To the fools who are not wise, you should use gentle words with them and not treat them in a violent manner.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 9 June 2018 15:18 18:27 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









