Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (32) Religious revolution is transcending each other
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (32) "The Last Judgment" is a religious revolution in which God has raised the realms of your imams above each other
32. "And when Allah has made you to rise above one another, keep your duty to yourselves and do not presume to do wrong; and men will be rewarded for their deeds and women for theirs; and ask Allah to reward you with His bounty. Indeed, Allah is All-Knowing of all things." : (1) Without progress there would be no information age today and mankind would have remained in a primitive society, so the development and progress of human society is a mainstream that cannot be stopped. The development and progress of human society cannot be stopped. "Development and progress" means "surpassing each other", and as a result of "surpassing each other", human society has developed and progressed. (2) God has sent all kinds of heavenly beings down to earth to become "inventors and revolutionaries" in various fields, so that human society is constantly undergoing subversive revolutions and civilization is constantly developing by leaps and bounds. This is how Allah "makes you transcend each other", and this is how He "makes you transcend each other from generation to generation", do you know?
(3) It is Allah, not some powerful conservative group, who is the driving force behind social change, so that the lazy-minded and old-fashioned have not been able to prevent "revolutions" such as the revolution in housing, the revolution in transportation, the revolution in information tools, etc., nor have they been able to prevent "religious revolutions" from taking place. The "religious revolution" cannot be stopped either. When we saw the Qur'an as interpreted by the Chinese, the proverbial "Last Judgement" had already come as scheduled. For more than a thousand years the "Last Judgement" has been in the hearts and minds of people in the Bible, and it is a prophecy of God to make you transcend each other today. Whether you accept it or not, the Last Judgement has come on schedule. (4) The Last Judgement is a religious revolution that will take place as a result of Allah's making the realms of your Imams transcend each other. As long as you do not refuse to use new things like mobile phones and cars, you will not be able to refuse the full commencement of the Last Judgement and you will not be able to prevent the outbreak of the religious revolution.
(5) "Transcendence of one another" is the opposite of "keeping to one's own self and desiring what is not". "It is the opposite of 'keeping to oneself' and 'wanting to do wrong'. Thus, the phrase "And when God has made you to go beyond one another, be content with what you have done, and do not presume to do wrong" is a "word game, a word barrier, a test" of God, a literary technique of "reflexive language", which is intended to select the "wrongdoers". The purpose of this is to select "Christ and the devil". The one who understands God's test is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". He who understands and acts in a literal way is a devil without wisdom, a devilish lackey who only "worships with devotion". (6) The original meaning of God is that He has made the realms of His messengers transcend each other in order that you may progress, and that you should not be content to follow the new trend of revolution, but should follow the revolutionaries in order to achieve a revolution in your thinking. You are not to be a slave, but to follow the new trend of the revolution; you are to follow the revolutionaries, to achieve a revolution in your thinking, and to change from being a slave in a devil's cave to becoming a present-day Christ.
(7) "Those who are in peace with themselves; those who do not presume to do wrong", "those who spin around and pay homage, those who abide in piety, those who bow down", those who do not accept the "Last Judgement" presided over by the Chinese, and those who reject the "interpretation" of the Qur'an. Men and women who do not accept the Chinese "last judgment", who refuse to "transcend" each other's understanding of the Qur'an, and who do not engage in a religious revolution, will be rewarded for their "peaceful" behaviour by being cast out of time, like animals who refuse to use new things like "mobile phones, cars They are as much criminals in the fire as the beastly monkeys who refuse to use the new things like "mobile phones, cars," etc. (8) The revolutionaries in the religious world are the messengers of Allah, the messengers of Allah in the new age, and therefore Muslims who do not follow the revolutionaries to bring about a religious revolution are criminals who disobey Allah's divine command.
(9) Find the true messenger of God, follow God's "infallible rule" and become a Christ like Jesus, so that God may reward you with His bounties. Follow the revolutionaries sent by Allah and follow His new rules to become a Christ like Jesus, so that Allah may reward you with His bounty. But if you do not seek the true Messenger of God, if you do not follow the Rule of God, and if you do not become a Christ like Jesus, no matter how much you ask, you will not let God reward you with His favour, for you are minions in a devil's cave who have been deceived and deceived. (10) "Ask God to reward you with His bounty" is a "word game, a word barrier, a test" of God, a literary technique of "reflexive language", which is intended to It is a literary device of "reflexive language" designed to select "Christ and the devil". The one who understands God's test is the Christ who has "eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". He who understands and acts in a literal way is a devil without wisdom, a devilish slave who only "worships with devotion". The true meaning of God is that you should not ask God to reward you with His bounty, for all such requests are delusions that are the opposite of God's "infallible teaching" to be Christ, and are the children of the devil having a fit of insanity. You have not become Christ, you have not held fast to your Lord, you have not rebuked the devil's group and defended his glory, and you cannot let God reward you with his bounty.
(11) Indeed, Allah is All-Knowing, and the Messenger of Allah is All-Knowing. You Muslims are all "swirlers of salutations, devotees and bowers" who do not know all things, and you are all delusional in thinking that Allah will reward you with His bounty through supplication. You do not know what "Christ and the devil" are, nor can you understand the "word games, word barriers and examinations" of Allah in the Qur'an, which means that you are the opposite of "All-knowing" and that your imams are not messengers of Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 June 2018 08:05 09:42 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









