Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (44-46) Imam tampering with verses
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (44) He who exchanges righteousness for wrongdoing and makes you lose your righteousness is the Imam.
44. "Do you not see? He who has received the Divine Scripture has exchanged right for wrong and wishes you to lose your right." (1) All the "men who had received the Scriptures" knew that Jesus was crucified by Judaism, but they did not know to look up the cause of Jesus' death; even if they had found out the cause of Jesus' death in Matthew 23, they did not have the courage to rebuke Judaism as a devilish group, as Jesus did, and did not dare to become a Christ like Jesus. Instead, you regard the "prophet of Judaism" whom Jesus rebuked as the "saint of the Islamic faith" and the Old Testament, which Jesus overthrew, as the "classic of the Islamic faith". The blood of Jesus has been shed in vain because of your ugly words and actions. This is evidence, Imam, that you have "exchanged righteousness for error" and that you, the "men of God", are all Jews in the guise of Islam, and are the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim" who has come from within to corrupt Islam. (2) The incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim" who came from within to corrupt Islam.
(3) Considering Jesus and the "Jewish prophets" whom Jesus rebuked as "saints of the Islamic faith", and the Old Testament, which Jesus overthrew, as "the classics of the Islamic faith". This is how the devil makes "you lose your way". (4) The devil has made Muslims "swirlers of salutations, pious dwellers, bowers" who "keep their worship" and does not allow a Muslim to become a Christ (the Son of God) whose "eyes are like fire and who has been given a rod of iron". "This is how the devil makes "you lose sight of the right way". (5) Those who "exchange the right for the wrong and wish you to lose it" are not foreigners or Chinese from far away in the East, but your group of imams in the Islamic world, who are the devil's "Ibrahim" who have come from within to corrupt Islam.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (45) The enemies of your Muslims are the Imams and the Imamate
45. "And Allah knows your enemies. Allah is sufficient to be the Blesser, and Allah is sufficient to be the Helper." : (1) You Muslims have been under the rule of the Imamate, you are not qualified to understand the Qur'an, you can only become an Imam who speaks the Qur'an if you are indoctrinated by an Imam, and an Imam can only speak the Qur'an from the point of view of upholding the Imamate, so your enemies are not outside, but your Imams. (2) Allah is aware of your enemies, and the Messenger of Allah is aware of the enemies of you Muslims, because the Messenger of Allah is not within Islam, and is not one of the "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing bowers" who have been taught by the imams and have not drunk the imams' "ecstasy (2) The Muslims are not the ones who have been taught by the imams to "spin around and pay homage, to be pious and to bow down", to be able to read the Bible and the Qur'an with a clear mind, and to know that the enemies of you Muslims are the imams.
(3) Allah is sufficient to be the Blesser of Christ and Allah is sufficient to be the Helper of Christ. The Muslims are all "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing down", none of them have become the Christ (the Son of God) "whose eyes are like fire and who has been given a rod of iron", none of them have kept the way of the Lord as Jesus did, nor have they maintained the glory of the way of the Lord as if they were dying. Neither did they fight back against the words and deeds of the devil that defiled the Word of God, and therefore, no Muslim is a blesser and helper of God. (4) Under the teaching of the Imam, Muslims are all "worshippers" who are "swirling and saluting, devoutly observing, bowing and bowing", and are all fearful minions of the devil's cave, the blessers and helpers of the devil, the sons and daughters of the devil who are using the devil's way to obliterate the way of the Lord. The devil's sons and grandsons.

(46) Only an imam can "tamper with the scriptures", and foreign "Jews" are not in a position to "tamper with the scriptures".
46. "There is a group among the Jews who tamper with the Scriptures, saying: "We hear but do not obey", "May you hear but do not listen", "L'yinah". This is because of the tricky side of invective and slander against the right religion. If they had said, "We both hear and obey", "Hear thou," and "Wenzurna", it would have been better for them and corrective. But Allah forsook them because they disbelieved, so they all disbelieved except a few." : (1) The sect that holds the Old Testament as a classic and practices its teachings is Judaism. In the Book of Genesis, Allah has created such "prophets of God" as "Abraham, Isaac and Jacob", the original group of "priests of Judaism", and the scripture is very clear that they were in fact lying and deceiving. It is clear from the scriptures that they were in fact lying and deceitful images of the devil, and they were also images of the devil who killed animals and ate their flesh, which means that the "prophets of Judaism" were "ignorant, stupid and devilish", and that they were "antagonists The "prophets of Judaism" mean "ignorant, stupid, devils" and are "antagonists. The purpose of Allah's having these demons demonstrate various "works of art" (magic, ritualistic words and deeds) is to show us their mistakes and to teach us a lesson, not to learn from them. It is in this way that Allah teaches us to "think backwards" and not to be afraid to criticise them because they are "prophets of Allah". Whoever dares to deny that the Jews are devils is the Christ who has "eyes like fire and a rod of iron". (2) In the Islamic world after Muhammad, there is no imam who has the same insight and realm as I do. The fact that the imams all regard the Old Testament as the "classic of the Islamic faith" and Jesus and the "Jewish prophets" whom Jesus scolded as the "saints of the Islamic faith" shows that the imams are all "misinterpreting the scriptures" by This means that the imams are "falsifying the meaning of the scriptures" by "misinterpreting them" and that they are "a group of Jews".
(3) There is a group of people among the Jews who are the embodiment of high energy demons who have been tampering with the Qur'anic verses not only in ancient times but also in the present, because the demons are "immortal" and exist throughout the ages. The "tampering with the scriptures" is not the addition or deletion of the original scriptures, but the "twisting of the scriptures" is also a form of "tampering with the scriptures", which is done by It is a form of "tampering with the Scriptures" by "twisting the Scriptures" in order to "tamper with the original meaning of the Scriptures" and thus achieve the effect of reversing right and wrong and confusing truth with falsehood. In order to "distort the scriptures" and distort the Word of God, and to promote the devil's way under the guise of promoting the Word of God, "Jews" have entered Islam and become imams of Islam. (4) Only an imam can "tamper with the true meaning of the scriptures", and foreign "Jews" are not in a position to "tamper with the true meaning of the scriptures", because Muslims only accept the teachings of imams and will not listen to foreign "Jews". They do not listen to the Qur'an from foreign "Jews". Even if a foreign "Jew" has "tampered with the scriptures", no Muslim will listen to them, which means that they have not "tampered with the scriptures". The imams, in their desire for status and fame, used the convenience of their office to "tamper with the scriptures" by "misinterpreting them" in order to dominate the Muslims, and they were "a group of Jews (5) The whole world knows that Jesus was a man of God.
(5) The whole world knows that Jesus was crucified by Judaism for calling it a "blind leader", and if Jesus is the saint of Christ in eternal heaven, then Judaism is the devilish group overthrown by Christianity; in this way, the imam's view of the Old Testament as "the classic of Islamic faith" is wrong. The imam is wrong to regard the Old Testament as the "classic of the Islamic faith" and wrong to regard both Jesus and the "Jewish prophets" whom Jesus rebuked as the "saints of the Islamic faith"; such a truth is known to any sober person and is the This truth is known to any sober person, and is the infallible truth of God. The imams who say: "We hear but do not obey", "May you hear but do not listen", "Lajna" (put it aside), are saying this because they refuse to repent and they are tricky. This is because of the refusal to repent and the tricky way of saying and doing abusive things and at the same time slandering the right religion. Thus, the imams are not messengers of God, but "a group of Jews" who are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim". (6) If their imams say: "We listen and obey", "You listen", "Wenzurna" (all agree), the Chinese are right in their opinion, and this is a better explanation for their Muslims. This is a better explanation for the Muslims, and the Islamic world should correct this major mistake and repent.
(7) In fact, without this "if their imams say", there are hardly any imams who can repent, for they are all defendants in the Last Judgement and are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim". "They are all defendants in the Last Judgement and are all incarnations of the devil, Ibrahim. (8) Allah has forsaken them because they are not true believers, and they are all devils who have come from within to corrupt Islam, so all but a few of them are not true believers, and they are all devils who promote the devil's way of "Ibrahim" under the guise of the Lord's way.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 13 June 2018 08:30 11:14 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









