Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (33-35) Realization of Communion is the Will of God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (33) The realization of communion is the goal and command of God.
33. "And We have provided heirs for every property inherited by men and women, namely, parents and next of kin, and those with whom you have contracted marriage, and to them you shall give the inherited shares of these heirs. Indeed, Allah is a witness to all things." : (1) Allah has provided for the inheritance of a man and a woman the heirs of each portion of the property, and they are: the parents and the next of kin of the children, and those with whom you have contracted marriage. (2) If a man or woman dies, all the inheritance belongs to his or her parents, children and spouse, and these next of kin are the rightful heirs as prescribed by Allah. (3) You shall give to these heirs their rightful share, and if you do not give it to them in full, it is unjust and contrary to the command of Allah to "bring about communion". (4) Allah is the Creator, and He has the right to distribute all things, and is indeed the witness of the final destination of all things.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (34) The submission of a virtuous woman to a wise man
34. "Men are the ones who uphold women, because Allah has made them superior to them, and because of the possessions they have paid for. And the virtuous women are obedient, and keep the hidden through the blessing of Allah. And if you are afraid of women who are obstinate, you may admonish them, you may share their beds, and you may beat them. And if they obey you, then do not think of oppressing them again. Indeed, Allah is the Exalted, the Most High." : (1) Men are the protectors of the rights of women, because Allah has made them superior to them, and because much of what they consume is spent on women. (2) The virtuous woman is subservient to the wise man, and is kept hidden through the blessing of Allah. If a woman is not virtuous, she does not have the blessing of Allah and cannot keep her secret.
(3) "And if you are afraid of their obstinate women, you may admonish them, you may share their beds, and you may beat them" is an "ellipsis", a "word game, a word barrier, a test" given by Allah to Muslims. This is an "ellipsis", a literary device of "reflexive language", because you are already forced to share a bed with them, and if you beat them again, they will be run away from home by you. Allah's original meaning is: You men are afraid that their obstinate women will rebel against you, so you can exhort them to be true to you, and you can share your beds with them for a while, and slowly impress them with your words and deeds of true love for them, so that they will be moved to you, and they will become virtuous women who obey you. (4) If they obey you, then do not try to deceive them again. If you try to bully them, you are not respecting their will, and you cannot make them obey you. Respect their wishes and let your wisdom impress them, so that they may obey you with all their hearts. (5) Indeed, Allah is the Most High, the Most Great. Men are not Allah, so do not take a high position of "supremacy and greatness". Men should not be "arrogant" in front of women, but should impress them with consideration and care in order to make them obey you sincerely.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (35) Mutual Review will bring harmony between husband and wife
35. "And if you fear that the husband and the wife may be at odds, then choose an umpire from each of their relatives, and if the two just men desire to reconcile, then Allah will reconcile them. Indeed, Allah is All-Knowing, All-Knowing." (1) Most of the cases of "marital discord" are due to the inability to put oneself in the other's shoes and to misunderstandings caused by the inability to think for the other. (2) If the notary you each appoint is an impartial person, it is only when the two impartial persons have the idea of reconciliation that the couple can be reconciled. If one of the notaries is not a just person, and there are not "two just persons", there will be no real reconciliation and no reconciliation between the spouses. (3) Indeed, Allah is the All-Knowing, the All-Knowing. Neither man nor woman is Allah, nor are they "all-knowing, all-knowing", and it is normal for misunderstandings and misconceptions to lead to discord between husband and wife. The actual fact is that you will need to communicate with each other in words, and you must review, forgive, understand, and be considerate of each other, so that you know what you are doing wrong, and you will be able to make the couple get along.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 June 2018 09:54 11:08 End of edit in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









