Qur'an, Chapter 4: Women (Nisa'i) (36-38) It is the devil to match his Lord with his goods
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(36) The one who gives things to his Lord is the personification of the devil, "Ibrahim".
36. "And worship Allah and do not give Him anything in return, and honour your parents, and treat your relatives well, and have mercy on orphans, and help the poor, and love your near and distant neighbours and companions, and give hospitality to travellers, and be generous to slaves. Indeed, Allah does not love the haughty and the boastful." : (1) To venerate the truth is to worship Allah. To venerate the infallible truth that makes one a Christ back to heaven is to worship Allah. Without a sense of the uniqueness of the righteousness of the Law, without knowing what is the infallible truth that makes a person a Christ, and without a yardstick to distinguish between Christ and the devil, one will not be able to reverence the truth, and will not be able to worship Allah, and will take "worshipping the devil" to be "worshipping Allah" without knowing it. (2) The "devotion" to God (2) The "devout worshippers" of God have become the "swirling saluters, the pious abiders, the bowers", and none of them have become the Christ (the Son of God) who rebukes the demonic group, which is to "match the object with the Lord This is the "match for the Lord". The Jewish prophets of the Old Testament were all those who sacrificed animals to God and were all devilish "ebbs and flows", which is why Jesus rebuked the Jewish prophets as "blind guides This is why Jesus called the Jewish prophets "blind leaders".
(3) "Honour your parents, treat your relatives well, have mercy on orphans, relieve the poor, love your neighbours, your distant neighbours and your companions, treat travellers well, and treat your slaves generously" are the words and actions of the "worship of God". To "worship God", to become "a swirler, a pious abbot, a bower", is the devil's way of "matching his goods with his Lord". This is the devil's way of making minions of the devil's cave. (4) To make Muslims "devout worshippers" of Allah, and to make them "swirling salutations, pious abiding, and bowing bowers", and to treat such "devilish indoctrination" as To promote such a "devil's teaching" as "God's teaching" is to perform the farce of "matching the Lord with the object". "They are the incarnation of the devil, the imam. (5) Indeed, Allah does not like the arrogant and boastful. The "arrogant and boastful people" are the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim", the imams who teach Muslims and present themselves as messengers of Allah. (12:40)

(37) Those who do not become Christ like Jesus are not only miserly themselves, but are also those who hide what Allah has given them.
37. "Among them are those who are stingy in themselves and who conceal what Allah has bestowed on them, and We have prepared for the disbelievers (such as they) the punishment of disgrace." (1) Knowing full well that Jesus, who called Judaism a devilish group, was the true Christ who would go to heaven and live forever, but not daring to expose Judaism as a devilish group for fear of death, he lived on as a "swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, a bower" who "worshipped God with devotion "This is the result of "one's own stinginess", as one daydreams of going to heaven and eventually serving a sentence in the fire. (2) In Matthew 23, Jesus scolds the Jewish imam as a "blind leader". The words and actions of Jesus scolding Judaism as a demonic group show that Jesus overthrew the demonic group of Judaism and started Christianity, showing that Christianity can return to heaven and achieve eternal life. Without Jesus, no one would have known how to become the Christ of eternal life in heaven, and therefore Jesus was the one who gave them the gift of God's favour.
(3) Those who read the Bible and hold it as a classic of Islamic faith, but do not allow Muslims to become like Jesus, "the Christ who had eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hated the Nicolaitans and had a rod of iron", are not only "stingy with themselves They are not only "miserly themselves", but also "those who hide their favours from God", they are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim". (4) Those who do not allow Muslims to become Christ like Jesus, but reduce them to mere "worshippers of piety", "swirlers of salutations, pious dwellers, bowers", are not disbelievers, but are devils who corrupt Islam from within The "Ibrahim".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (38) He who gives away property for the sake of selling his name is a companion of the devil.
38. "Among them are those who give away their possessions for the sake of selling their names, and they do not believe in Allah nor in the Last Day. Whoever takes the devil for a companion, what a bad companion he is!" : (1) To sell one's name means to make a deliberate show or to seek fame by some means; the donation is not made with a sense of duty to help the world and to save people without asking for anything, but with the intention of gaining the reputation of a philanthropist through the donation. (2) To give away one's possessions without leaving one's name behind, feeling that one is doing one's duty and obligation, is not selling one's name; it is believing in Allah and the angels of the Last Day, and taking Allah as one's companion. (3) Those who give away their possessions in order to gain the honour of a charitable person do not believe in Allah or in the Last Day, but only in money and honour. (4) He who gives away his property in order to obtain the honour of a charitable man is a companion of the devil.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 Jun 2018 11:17 15:16 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









