Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (27-29) Forgiving only the righteous
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (27) Allah forgives only the righteous who repent of their words and deeds
27. "Allah wants to forgive you, but those who obey their selfish desires want you to disobey the truth." (1) Allah does not want to forgive you all, but only the righteous among you who repent of their words and deeds. The unrighteous who do not repent of their words and deeds are the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim", and Allah will not forgive you. (2) Those who obey their own desires, you have violated the truth, broken God's rules and regulations, violated the law, and become unrighteous.

(28) The root cause of cowardice among Muslims is the demonic indoctrination of imams
28. "Allah wants to relieve you of your burdens; people are made weak." (1) It is Allah's desire to lighten your burdens and to have Christ reason with you so that you may see through the falsehood of burdens and achieve active burden reduction and become angels who are not burdened by falsehood, which is the original intention of Allah and the core of His indoctrination. (2) Everyone is an angel from heaven, yet they do not know the truth of this matter and do not believe that they are angels. It is caused by their own ignorance and the demonic compulsions of the imam to suppress them, by their own laziness and lack of will. (3) The Muslims taught by the imams do not have the courage of Jesus who rebuked Judaism as a demonic group, they cannot assume the true face of Christ, they have all become "worshippers" who only "worship piously", they have all become "swirlers of salutations, pious abiders, bowers", they are all cowards! They are cowardly minions of the devil's cave. What is it about Muslims that makes them so timid and afraid to take charge? It is the world that is dominated by the "crescent moon". Muslims, does God want to relieve you of your burdens and remove the causes of your weakness? Are you willing to make a revolution? A cowardly slave does not have the courage to make a revolution, so be a slave, for being a slave does not carry the risks of being a revolutionary.

The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (29) The devil "Ibrahim" uses fraudulent tricks to encroach on the property of others
29. "O you who believe! And do not take away the property of others through fraud, except that which is obtained through a mutually agreed transaction. And do not kill yourselves, for Allah has mercy on you." : (1) The devil's "Ibrahim" are the children of the devil, who are in fact evil in the guise of believing in Allah. The various deceivers in our lives are all incarnations of the devil's "Ibrahim". (2) It is only those who gain property in a consensual transaction that are justified and who believe in the righteous. (3) It is Allah's decision as to how old each person should live and when he should die. If people change the time and manner at will, they have not followed the rules set by Allah and will be punished by Him. (4) One should not commit suicide even if one has any setbacks, for after committing suicide one is not accepted by Allah and is a miserable vagabond; one can only be judged after being accepted by Allah in the year of one's death. Do things according to your heart, never use fraud because you desire to get it, take setbacks lightly, go through lows and then try again, and always be a righteous, good and kind person, and you will receive Allah's mercy.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 11 June 2018 14:06 18:33 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









