Qur'an Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (10-11) Orders on how to deal with property
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 4 (10) The devils of iniquity will go into the flames of the Fire
10. "Those who devour the property of orphans only swallow the fire in their own bellies, and they will go into the Fire." (1) "Those who devour the property of orphans" have no compassion for the weak, no justice, no fairness, and no righteousness, and reveal their demonic nature of the weak and the strong, taking by force. (2) To plunder the property of the weak by unjust means is to break the cosmic rule of equality, freedom, independence and peace laid down by God, and to commit the sin of breaking the rule is like swallowing fire in one's own belly, satisfying one's own desires while at the same time being buried by them. (3) Those who cannot overcome their selfish desires with reason, and who, in order to satisfy their selfish desires, wantonly break the cosmic rule of equality, freedom, independence and peace established by God, commit the sin of breaking the rule, and they will go into the Fire and be punished by the Fire.

The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (11), commands the disposal of the property of the dead
11. "Allah has commanded you for your children. A man shall have two women's parts. If the deceased had more than two women, then they shall receive two-thirds of the inheritance together; if there is only one woman, then she shall receive one-half. If the deceased had children, the parents of the deceased shall each receive one-sixth of the inheritance. If he has no children, then only his parents receive the inheritance, and then his mother receives one third. If he had several brothers and sisters, his mother shall receive one-sixth. (This distribution) must be made after the deceased's bequest or the settlement of the deceased's debts. And who is more beneficial to you, your parents or your children, you do not know that this is a custom from Allah. Indeed, Allah is All-Knowing, and Most Wise." (1) The rules of Allah's command for you regarding the distribution of your children's inheritance. (2) "A man gets two parts of a woman", which means that a man gets half of the "parts" more than a woman, and there is no "equality between men and women", which is "This is a selfish and skewed idea that is different from the just heart of God and is a manifestation of the devil's heart.
(3) "7. A man shall have a portion of the property of his parents and of his kinsmen, and a woman shall have a portion of the property of her parents and of her kinsmen, and each one shall have his lawful portion of the property of his parents and of his kinsmen, whatever the amount of their property." Now here, however, "a man shall receive the portion of two women. If the deceased had more than two women, they shall have two-thirds of the inheritance together; if there is only one woman, she shall have one-half." These two verses are so different that one is at a loss as to which is the right one to follow, and so this is a "test" of God, a yardstick by which He distinguishes between the just and the wicked, the righteous and the unrighteous. (4) If a selfish man wants to get half of the "molecules", he will do what the verse says here, and he will be an unjust and wicked man, an unrighteous man, and an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim". (5) If a man takes it upon himself to inherit equally from his brothers and sisters, as previously stated, and does not follow the rule of "one man, two women's portions", then he is a just and righteous man, the embodiment of Christ.
(6) "If the deceased has more than two women, they shall receive two-thirds of the inheritance together; if there is only one woman, she shall receive one-half." This is an "omission", omitting the words "the deceased had only one man", which should read: if the deceased had only one man and two women, then they received two-thirds of the inheritance together; if there was only one man and one woman, then she received If there is only one man and one woman, then she gets one-half. The meaning is clear when it is completed, and it is the same as "7. A man shall receive a portion of the estate of his parents and of his next of kin, and a woman shall receive a portion of the estate of her parents and of her next of kin, whatever the amount of their estate may be, and each shall receive the lawful portion." It means the same thing. (7) Do you see? This is the original meaning of Allah, which is not directly stated, but is used as a "word-barrier" to see who is wise enough to see through it. He who cannot see through it is the devil "Ibrahim". He who can, is Christ.
(8) If the deceased has children, then each of the surviving parents of the deceased shall receive one-sixth of the estate for the deceased's old age. If he has no children, then only his parents shall receive the inheritance, and then not his mother shall receive one-third, but each parent shall receive one-half of the inheritance. If he has several brothers and sisters, then his parents shall each receive one-sixth. (9) Dates are the rule that "good is rewarded with good and evil is rewarded with evil" and are the yardstick by which "good and evil" are identified. "You will know who is more beneficial to you when you compare the words and deeds of your parents and your children with the yardstick of 'good and evil'.
(10) You do not know that dates are the rule of "good for good and evil for evil", a yardstick for determining "good and evil", a custom from Allah, because the Last Judgement The reason why the Last Judgement has not been opened is because the sun of the East has not shone on the Islamic world and because you are under the crescent moon. (11) Indeed, Allah is All-Knowing and Wise, and His Messenger must also be All-Knowing and Wise. If there is no omniscient and wise Messenger of Allah, then we cannot know how omniscient and wise Allah is. Without the Messenger of Allah who is all-knowing and all-wise, we would not know even if Allah were all-knowing and all-wise. (12) A person who has never stepped out of a religion in his life, who has only been in his own sect, who has not been able to distinguish between "Christ and the devil", and who has not gone into other religions to obtain a "high degree", is a frog in a well, who has been blinded by a leaf, and who is not in line with the "All-knowing and Wise". He is the opposite of the "All-knowing, All-wise God", which means that he is not a messenger of God, but a messenger of the devil in the guise of God. Any imam who does not distinguish between "Christ and the devil" is not a messenger of Allah, but a messenger of the devil who comes from within to corrupt Islam under the guise of Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 10 June 2018 08:08 09:48 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









