Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (42-43) The Devil drinks and eats meat
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (42) The prisoners of the Fire can no longer conceal a word from Allah
42. "Those who disbelieve and disobey the Messenger will wish they were buried forever on that Day, and they will not be able to conceal a word from Allah." (1) Those who do not allow Muslims to become like Jesus, who had "eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and who do not allow Muslims to achieve eternal life in paradise, are "disbelievers and disobedient to the Messenger" and are the devils who corrupt Islam from within They are the embodiment of "Ibrahim", the devil who has come to corrupt Islam from within. Those who make Muslims "worshippers" of the "whirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing" are "disbelievers and disobedient to the Messenger" and are the devil. (2) On that Day of Resurrection, all those Muslims who did not want to become Christians, those who were unbelieving devils but who claimed to be believers, who had hoped to go to heaven, were disappointed, not realising that they would be buried forever, and for the last time in human form, because they were "unbelievers and disobedient to the Messenger" They lost their chance to be human forever and became beasts of burden who suffered death by a thousand cuts. (3) Those who disbelieved and disobeyed the Messenger, who concealed a word of truth from God during their lifetime, who concealed the truth of God, who prevented Muslims from becoming Christians, and who preached the false words of the devil in the Old Testament as the truth of God, will not be able to conceal a word of God on the Day of Resurrection when the devils of deceit will go to the Fire.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (43) Those who drink wine and eat meat are devils of disbelief.
43. "O you who believe! Do not worship when you are drunk until you know what you are saying; and do not enter the House of Worship when you are unclean, except for those who pass by, until you have bathed. And if ye are sick, or travel, or go to the toilet, or have sexual intercourse, and are unable to obtain water, then come to the clean ground, and rub your faces and hands. Indeed, Allah is the Forgiving, the Forgiving." : (1) Revelation "14:19 Then the angel threw his sickle to the ground and collected the grapes of the earth and cast them into the great vat of God's wrath. 14:20 And the vat was kicked outside the city, and blood flowed out of it as high as the chewing rings of horses, as far as six hundred miles." Muslim brothers, isn't the Bible the classic of your Islamic faith? Have you seen it? These verses are the "commandments" of the Christian "abstinence from wine". Anyone who drinks wine is a devil who does not believe. (2) Qur'an 2:219, "They ask you about drinking and gambling (laws), and you say: Both these things contain great sins, and both have many benefits for the world, and their sins are greater than their benefits. They asked you what they should give, and you said, Give what is left over. Thus Allah clarifies for you all the signs, so that you may think about the affairs of this world and the Hereafter." "If one drinks wine or engages in gambling, one is breaking the commandments of Allah and is guilty of sin and will be punished by Him. The two sins of "drinking and gambling" are both sins of "disrespect for Allah". Although drinking and gambling have many benefits for the world, their sins are greater than the benefits and are therefore forbidden by Allah. Whoever drinks wine is a devil of disbelief. (3) And do not worship while you are drunk, for when you drink you are possessed by the devil, and alcohol anesthetizes the nerves and the devil dominates your minds, and you do not know what you say.
(4) Qur'an 2:22: "And He has made the earth your seat, and the sky your curtain, and from the clouds He sends down rain, and by it He produces much fruit for your sustenance, so do not knowingly set up rivals for Allah." This is a clear statement by Allah that people should "eat vegetarianism (grains, vegetables and fruits) and not eat meat". It is a commandment from Allah. (5) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." "This is because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD" and also killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". This shows that God rewards and blesses those who observe the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice them" to the Lord (God) are under His protection.
(6) "Do not enter the house of worship when you are unclean, except for those who are passing by, until you have bathed. And if you are sick, or travel, or go to the toilet, or have sexual intercourse, and cannot get water, then you may tend to the clean ground, and moisten your faces and hands." These details are nothing compared to the selective eating of meat by you Muslims. If you eat meat, you are weak devils. (7) Indeed, Allah is forgiving and forgiving to those Muslims who keep the Five Commandments. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Forgiving to those who repent of their sins. But Allah is not Forgiving, nor Forgiving, to those who break the commandments and to the devils who do not understand and do not listen to them.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 June 2018 18:25 19:43 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









