Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (39-41) Managing Money for the Nation
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (39): "What harm does it do to them to enter the Fire if they are sure of Allah and the Last Day and part with what He has given them?
39. "And what harm is there for them in being sure of Allah and the Last Day, and in parting with what Allah has given them? Allah is All-Knowing of them." (1) They came into the world empty-handed, and because of their diligence they were temporarily given a great deal of wealth, and they were conscious of the fact that all the wealth they had was given to them by Allah, and that their mission in life was to "manage the wealth of the nation", and they were sure of Allah and the Last Day, and they propagated Allah and the Last Day, and made Allah and the Last Day What harm does this do to them? Answer: A harm that prevents them from entering the Fire; a serious harm that prevents them from entering the Fire. Such people are angels, and can only live in Paradise forever. (2) If they have the right to manage their wealth, but they do not have the sense of "taking responsibility for their country, managing their wealth for their country, and relieving the hardships of the people", because they are ignorant and not wise, then their brief right to manage their wealth becomes a hindrance that prevents them from entering Paradise forever, and facilitates their entry into the Fire. (3) Which of them can be sure of Allah and the Last Day, and partake of what Allah has given them, and Allah is all-knowing of them, and they are all angels sent by Allah to the earth.

(40) Allah will reward Christ for his "good deeds" or the devil for his "bad deeds".
40. "Allah will not wrong a man in any way. And if a man does a single good deed, He will double it and reward him with a great reward from Him." : (1) Give a man gold, and use it for want. Give a man a word and he will benefit for life. You tell everyone that the words and actions of Jesus, who scolded the Jewish imam, "Woe to the blind leader", are the words and actions of Christ, and that is to be the infallible teaching of Christ, "whose eyes are as a flame of fire and who has received a rod of iron". If you say a word like this, you are showing the slightest hint of the infallible teaching of God, and you are doing the slightest good work. (2) If a religious person does not speak of the infallibility of Christ, who has "eyes like a flame and has received the iron rod", and if he does not say a word to that effect, he has not revealed the slightest bit of the infallibility of God, and he has not done the slightest bit of good. (3) To make a Muslim a "swirling salutatorian, a pious observer, a bowing bower" is the devil's way of making a fearful minion of the devil's cave, and to say one such word is to reveal one iota of the devil's teaching and one iota of evil. The more one says, the more evil there is.
(4) Because there is Christ and the devil, there are good works and bad results. It is important to develop the habit of thinking in this way and not to see only the "good works" but not the "bad results". Why do we not have such a habit of thinking? Because the knowledge we have learned is limited and our wisdom has not been opened. (5) Whether it is the "good works" of Christ or the "bad fruits" of the devil, God will reward him and reward him with his great reward, and both Christ and the devil are celebrities on one side. The reward of Christ is eternal life in heaven, and the reward of the devil is punishment in the fire. (6) If there were no devil, people would not know what is "false and ugly" and what is "good and beautiful", and Christ would not have the "good work" of subduing the devil and would not have eternal life in Heaven. Thus, Christ and the devil are both children of God, one yin and one yang of the Word of God.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (41) There is a religion among every people, and there is a Christ and a devil.
41: "And when We call a witness from every nation and call you to testify against such people, (their condition), what will be the case?" : (1) "I have called a witness from every nation" shows that there is religion among every nation, and there is Christ and the devil, and there are good works and evil results. (2) "When I call you as a witness to these people", but you do not have the concept of "Christ and the devil, good works and bad results", nor do you have the habit of thinking in this way, you cannot "come as a witness to these people "The reason is that you do not have a sense of the unique nature of the righteousness of the law, nor do you have a yardstick to distinguish between "Christ and the devil, good works and bad results", and you can only guess blindly whether their situation is that of Christ or that of a prisoner of fire.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 June 2018 15:34 17:07 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









