The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (173-175) Muslims Fear the Devil
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (173) Only the devil 'Ibrahim' says that the enemy should be feared
173. "And it was said to them, "Indeed, those people have gathered their ranks to attack you, so fear them. But this word increased their faith, and they said: Allah is the Satisfier of us, and He is the Beautiful Guardian!" (1) "Indeed, those people have gathered their ranks to attack you, so fear them." He who says these words aims to defeat you psychologically first, to shake your will, to break your fighting spirit, to deprive you of the courage to fight, so that when the time comes for the real battle, you will be defeated before the battle because of your fear of life and death. This is a tactic of "psychological warfare", which is only said by the enemy. If the person who says this is one of your own, he is a spy who has been paid by the enemy and must be eliminated. Such a person is the personification of the devil "Ibrahim". (2) This statement not only did not cause them to fear, but increased their faith in their victory, for they were angels who were ready to die, and gods who stood firm in the way of their Lord. (3) They said: Allah is the protector of our desire for victory, because we have the will to fight for Him and we have the iron will to die without regret. Therefore, Allah is our graceful guardian!

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (174) "The pleasure of Allah" is to give up one's life for the cause of justice, freedom and equality.
174. "And they turn back with the reward and bounty from Allah, and they suffer no loss, and they seek the pleasure of Allah. And Allah is Magnificent in mercy." : (1) It is necessary first to know what is diametrically opposed to "the pleasure of Allah". "If one does not know what is the opposite of Allah's pleasure, one does not know what is the opposite of Allah's pleasure. Such a way of thinking is called "relative thinking" and is the thinking of the Chinese Taoists. (2) The "pleasure of God" is to give up one's life for the cause of justice, freedom and equality. The "dislikes of Allah" are cowards who are afraid of life and death, and are shameless and servile.
(3) They did not fear the enemy's attack, and they faced them with an invincible mind, so they turned back from their position with a reward and favour from Allah, and it is surprising that they did not suffer any loss, for they sought the pleasure of Allah. (4) Allah is gracious, and does not bestow His bounty on just anyone, but only on Christ who holds fast to His way.

True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (175) The fact that Muslims have not become Christ means that you have feared the devil's party (imams).
175: "That devil only wants you to fear his party; do not fear them, but fear Me, if you are believers." (1) The words and deeds of the devil and his henchmen are those of the strong and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak, and those of the weak and the weak. (2) The devils and their henchmen only want you to fear and submit to them, and if the Muslims become only "devotees of worship", "swirlers of salutations, pious abiders, bowers", and none of them become "those whose eyes are like flames, and whose mouths have two blades. This shows that the devil and his henchmen have achieved their ultimate goal, because the Muslims have apparently feared and submitted to God, but in reality they have been misled by the imam and actually fear and submit to the devil, who is the embodiment of the devil.
(3) The fact that Muslims, under the teaching of their imams, have become "swirling salutations, pious abiding, and bowing bowers" who only "worship piously" means that you fear the devil's henchmen (imams). Do not be afraid of their demonic imams, and do not become a "whirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, and a bower" who only "worships piously", for this is the image of a trembling minion of the devil's cave. (4) Muslims do not fear God unless they become the Christ (the Son of God) who has "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". Fear Allah and become the Christ (Son of God) who has "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", for the infallible truth of Allah is that man should become the Christ. (5) If you are believers, believe in the Unseen Truth of God and become Christ.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 6 June 2018 17:28 19:50 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









