The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (174-176) Knowing the Devil and Becoming Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(174) A believer who does not become a Christian is a devil who "hides what Allah has revealed".
174. "Those who hide the Book of Allah and sell it cheaply, but swallow the Fire in their bellies, and on the Day of Resurrection Allah will neither speak to them nor purge them of their sins, and they will be punished with pain." (1) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and all things are the children of the "Old Mother". If you really think that "Allah wants believers to be servants of His devout worshippers", you do not know the meaning of the word "servant". If you really think that "Allah wants believers to be servants of Allah in worship", you do not know that Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, that you do not know that all things are the children of the "Old Mother", and that you have been "ebbed" by the devil. This means that you are a devil's slave who has been misled by the devil, Ibrahim. (2) "God has sent down the Scriptures" so that those who believe in God can be restored to their original nature as "sons of God" and become Christ to heaven. Those who preach the Bible and the Qur'an and do not restore the believers to their true nature as "sons of God" and become Christ are those who have not understood the Scriptures, who have misinterpreted them, who have "withheld the Scriptures from God", and who have "sold them at a cheap price". He is the one who "sells it cheaply", the devil "Ibrahim" who misinterprets the Scriptures and misleads believers to hell.
(3) The misinterpretation of the meaning of the Bible and the Qur'an, and the fact that religious people "do not eat vegetarianism, but eat meat", are "those who hide what God has revealed to them", and "those who sell it cheaply". He is the devil who misinterprets the Scriptures and misleads believers to hell. (4) To misinterpret the meaning of the Bible and the Qur'an, and not to make believers "the present Christ", but to reduce them to slaves of "pious worship", is to "conceal what God has sent down to us "(5) The Bible has been misinterpreted, and the believers have been misled to hell by the devil, "Ibrahim".
(5) He has misinterpreted the meaning of the Bible and the Qur'an, has gone mad in his "devotional worship", has not become a Christ who is as good as dead, lacks the "water of wisdom" and has not attained the "perfection and unhinderedness". The great wisdom of the "roundness and unhinderedness" is "swallowing the fire in the belly". (6) "Resurrection" does not mean the resurrection of the body after death, but the arrival of the "soul" at the "crossroads of heaven and hell" after the death of the body. The day the "soul" leaves the body after the death of the body is the day of the death of the body and the moment when the "soul" reaches the "crossroads between heaven and hell", that is "The Day of Resurrection.
(7) Those who eat meat will be brought directly to hell by the servants of hell to be judged because of their "blood debts" for killing animals during their lifetime. Therefore, those who eat meat are sentenced to the appropriate punishment. (8) It is not that "Allah does not speak to them", but that they have not received the teachings of Allah during their lifetime, and are fools who have taken the teachings of the devil for the teachings of Allah, and have no opportunity to see Him after death, let alone to speak to Him.
(9) Letting the "minions of Allah's worship" escape from the devil's cave and go and practise what Allah has taught men to do to become Christians is the greatest good and the most powerful act that can "cleanse them of their sins". It is also the greatest good and the most powerful act that can be done to "cleanse them of their sins" to make the devil who eats meat stop eating meat. If you do not do something significant, you will not be able to "cleanse them of their sins" and they will only be punished with pain.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (175), "The blind guides" will "exchange the right for the wrong"
175: "These are the people who exchange righteousness for wrong and forgiveness for punishment, and they are able to endure the Fire!" (1) Not knowing that Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe and that all things are the children of the "Old Mother", and taking all the words in the classics (1) Not knowing that "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and not knowing that all things are the children of the "Old Mother", and taking all the sayings of the classics to be "servants of Allah" to be true, and making Muslims "servants of Allah in worship" as a doctrine, and not allowing them to be "Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron" at all. "These people are "exchanging righteousness for wrongdoing and forgiveness for punishment", and they are the devil's "Ibrahim" who are corrupting Islam from within under the guise of Allah. (2) The imams who do not allow Muslims to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and who make them "servants of God in worship" will really have to endure the fire in hell! For they have committed the mortal sin of "slandering God and harming the lives of men".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (176), does not allow a believer to become a Christ, and he is a disobedient person.
176. "This is because Allah has sent down the Book containing the truth, and those who disobey it have indeed fallen into long-standing opposition." (1) The Qur'an mentions many characters from Genesis, such as the family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" ("Ibrahim") as a "test" given by God to Muslims "The purpose of the test was to see who could see that they were all devils who killed animals for "burnt offerings" to God. The story of the family is a lesson in "understanding the true nature of the devil", and whoever can see that they are all liars and deceivers who are putting on a farce is the one who has "eyes like a flame and a staff of iron". Whoever can see that they are in fact lying and deceitful liars putting on a farce is "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". (2) Do you know, brothers Muslims? This is how Allah revealed the truth of what became Christ in the Holy Qur'an. As a result, those who do not have the habit of "thinking backwards" and those who do not have sufficient alertness and vision have misinterpreted the meaning of the Book of Genesis and have become minions of the devil. (3) Muslim brothers, if you read Genesis carefully, you will understand. If you do not read it carefully, you will be misled by the "Judaizers" in the guise of Allah and will become "Ibrahim", the devil, who have been brainwashed by the "Judaizers".
(4) Because of their lack of realisation and poor education, they misinterpreted the Book of Genesis and mistook the ignorant demon "Abraham" ("Ibrahim") and his family for "Jewish prophets". The Old Testament has become a "classic of the Islamic faith", and such people are "those who contradict the classic". The devilish group of Jews. (5) After the death of Muhammad, the Jews entered Islam and became the "imams" who preached the Qur'an and made the Old Testament, which Jesus overthrew with the New Testament, the "classic of the Islamic faith", and the Muslims became the devils who opposed Jesus. This "longstanding opposition" has existed for over a thousand years. (6) Those who disobeyed the classics and prevented Muslims from becoming Christ and made them "servants of God in worship" were in fact minions in the devil's cave, and the "Imams' group" had indeed been trapped in a long-standing opposition to God's teaching. The "Imams" are indeed trapped in a long-term opposition to the teachings of Allah, and they are the devil's "Ibrahim" who have come to corrupt Islam from within under the guise of Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 November 2017 18:05 am 28 November 2017 10:55 pm Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









