The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (19-20) Muhammad as a Revolutionary
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(19) Muhammad was the revolutionary who, after Jesus, overthrew the two sects of Christianity and Judaism.
19. "Indeed, the religion with which God is pleased is Islam. And those who have received the Scripture have no objection to Islam, except for the jealousy of one another after knowledge has come to them. And whoever disbelieves in the signs of Allah, 'Allah will soon punish him', for indeed Allah is swift in His reckoning." : (1) Muhammad (570-632) was 600 years after Jesus, the time after Christianity became a Roman Catholic religion, the time when Jesus' indoctrination was obliterated by the Roman Catholic religion, the time when the Judaizers entered within Christianity to dominate it, and in order to avoid more people falling into servitude to the devilish group, Islam came into being. In other words, Islam was the second order after Jesus to attack the Jewish devilish group. (2) The Arab nation, which was adjacent to the birthplace of Judaism and Christianity, did not accept Judaism and Christianity, but created Islam as a sign of its "disagreement" with the Christianity and Judaism of the time. If Muhammad had not disagreed with Christianity and Judaism, he would not have founded Islam in addition to Christianity and Judaism, but would have chosen one of the two as the religion of the Arab nation. Muhammad studied the "Christianity and Judaism of his time" in depth and found that neither of them had the true message of God, and that Muhammad had "great disagreement" with both of them, so he decided to create his own Islam in addition to Christianity and Judaism, and thus Muhammad became the revolutionary leader who overthrew Christianity and Judaism. Muhammad became the revolutionary who overthrew Christianity and Judaism. To be precise, Muhammad was the greatest revolutionary in the world of religion when, after Jesus, he overthrew both Christianity and Judaism by creating Islam. This is the reason why God was pleased with Islam in the time of Muhammad.
(3) The Qur'an mentions the Old Testament, the New Testament and the names of people in the Bible in order that Muslims might understand that the Christian New Testament overthrows the Jewish Old Testament, a devilish group. Because Muslims do not understand the book of Genesis and Revelation, they regard the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus overthrew, as a "saint of the Islamic faith", and the Old and New Testaments as "classics of the Islamic faith". "This means that the Jewish religion has dominated Islam and that Islam has repeated the mistakes of Christianity, and that Islam is no longer what it was at the time of Muhammad, and that it is no longer a religion pleasing to God, but a religion pleasing to the devil "Ibrahim". The religion of the devil, "Ibrahim", is no longer a religion pleasing to God, but a religion pleasing to the devil.
(4) "And those who have received the Scripture have no objection to Islam except that they are jealous of one another after knowledge has come to them", because "those who have received the Scripture" are not "the Christ who expounds the meaning of the Scripture", but are "hypocrites". This is because the "one who had received the Scriptures" was not "the Christ who expounded the meaning of the Scriptures", but "the scribe who was a hypocrite, the blind leader", and was in fact a Jew who had no objection to the Islamic view of "Jesus and Abraham", who were originally opposed to each other, as "the saints of the Islamic faith". They do not dispute that Islam regards both "Jesus and Abraham", who were originally opposed to each other, as "saints of the Islamic faith", nor do they dispute that Islam regards both the New Testament and the Old Testament, which Christianity overthrew Judaism with, as "classics of the Islamic faith". (5) The reason why those who have received the Scriptures "have no objection to Islam either" is that Islam does not have the state of mind of Jesus Christ and does not have the righteousness to attack Judaism as a devilish group, but rather endorses Jewish doctrine. Islam is in reality just another special group of Judaism. (6) The fact that Christianity and Judaism, which have been subjected to the Divine Scriptures, have no objection to Islam shows that Islam is a devilish group that shares their beliefs and has no value or need for objection, which is a sad fact about Islam.
(7) The "signs of Allah" are the "signs of Allah". When Allah created the universe, He created the "something" (taiji) out of the "nothing" (Wuji), and everything is a kind of "something", and is created from the "nothing" (taiji). Everything is a kind of "being" and is born from "nothing", and is born of Allah. Therefore, there is no comparison with God, and He is "unique and one". Any image of the natural world is wrong as a "sign of God" because any image of the natural world is a "being" born of God and can only be a "son or daughter of God". It cannot be a "sign of God" at all. The "sign of God" can only be the "O", the "circle of infinity", which represents the infinite vacuum that encompasses the universe. (8) The "O" is expanded to "one", and the beginning and end of the "one" are joined to "O"; this means. There is only one truth in the world, and that is the return from "one" to "O"; there are no two truths for the return to heaven, but only one "non-dual correctness" that allows one to become Christ and return to heaven, and this one This one "unchangeable law" is the way to become Christ, and if one understands this truth, one is "Christ with a rod of iron". (9) The "infallible law" of how to become a Christ is found in the Book of Revelation, and if one understands the Book of Revelation, one can become a Christ, otherwise one can only go to hell, for "the right law is unique". With the consciousness that "the righteousness of the law is unique", and knowing that "devotional worship" and other "works of art" are the opposite of the "non-dual righteousness of the law" of becoming Christ "And when one understands this, one is "the Christ with the iron rod".

(20) The time when there is no mind-consciousness (life and soul) to work is the time when "all are submitted to God".
20. "And if they argue with you, say: I have submitted to Allah as a whole, and those who submit to me, submit to Allah. Say to those who have received the Scripture and to those who cannot read, "Have you submitted? If they have submitted, then they have followed the right path. If they turn away, then you are only responsible for informing them. Allah is Aware of all servants." (1) "Allah" is our "King on earth" and the soul within us that is "one with Allah". The time when we do things ourselves without any desire, without any intention, and without the use of our hearts (souls), is the time when "all are submitted to Allah". (2) If a Muslim cannot distinguish between the "soul, the soul and the body" and does not know that there are three selves, he is a misguided slave of the devil's cave who is a "scribe of hypocrisy and a blind guide". He can only misinterpret the true meaning of God and take "submission to false gods" (following one's heart's desires; following one's heart's desires) to be "submission to God", thus breaking the way back to heaven and becoming a resident of the Fire.
(3) The false path of "devotional worship and prayer" and other such matters of the heart and soul, and the promotion of the true path of knowledge of the soul, is a sign that the right path has been followed. If you do not know what a false path is, and if you do not say or do anything to break it, it does not prove that you have followed the right path. (4) When you tell Muslims what the "soul, the soul of life, the human body", "devotional worship, prayer", etc. are, you are doing your duty of informing them that whether they listen to you or not, you will have to be good and meritorious.
(5) Let the Muslims be the Christ who returns to heaven, the present Christ, the servant of the people. Conversely, those who do not allow Muslims to become Christ back to heaven are the devil "Ibrahim" and are public enemies of the people.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 Dec 2017 15:35 17:22 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









