The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1, The Yellow Cow (62-71) The "commandment" of God in Genesis "not kill and not to eat meat"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (62) Explaining "Allah, the Last Day"
62. "And those who believe in Allah and the Last Day and do good deeds will enjoy their reward in the future with their Lord, and they will have no fear and no sorrow in the future." (1) Those who do not know what "Allah and falsehood, righteousness and evil, righteousness and magic" are, and who do not have the words and deeds "to preach only the law of insight and to break the evil in the world", are Such "believers" are "blind men with no ears", "blind leaders" who teach "blackmail and lead the blind by blindness". "They are evil people under the guise of doing good, and they are all devils incarnate under the guise of Allah. (2) The "Jews" are the "scribes, blind leaders of the blind" whom Jesus rebuked as "hypocrites of good", and are devils who promote Satan's teachings in the guise of God. (3) Those who do not rebuke the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", as Jesus did, are not true "Christians", but are Jews in the guise of Christianity. Anyone who does not call the Jews "scribes and blind guides who are hypocrites", as Jesus did, is not a "doer of good", but a wicked person under the guise of doing good, because they do not know right from wrong and must have They are evil people in the guise of doing good, for they do not know right from wrong and are bound to speak and act in a way that is "false but true".
(4) Star worship (Arabic: صابئة) is an ancient Middle Eastern religion that is mentioned several times in the Qur'an as having a scribe. It is a variant of monotheism with deep roots in Gnosticism, Hermeticism and the Abrahamic religions. Star worshippers revere John the Baptist, but identify Jesus, Abraham and Moses as false prophets. This shows that the Star Worshipers do not understand that Jesus is the true prophet who overthrew Judaism (including the false prophets of Abraham and Moses), that the Star Worshipers do not have the ability to distinguish between right and wrong, and that the Star Worshipers do not have the ability to distinguish between right and wrong. This shows that the Star Worshipers are incapable of knowing right from wrong and that the Star Worshipers are a demonic group that predates Muhammad. Those who do not know that the Star-worshipers are a devilish group are not "do-gooders", they are evil people under the guise of doing good, because they do not know right from wrong and are bound to speak and act in a "false way". They are evil people in the guise of doing good, for they do not know right from wrong and are bound to speak and act "falsely.
(5) The "servants of Allah who worship" are not "believers in Allah", but are minions of the devil who take "belief in falsehood" for "belief in Allah". (5) The "servants of the devil" are not "believers in Allah", but are minions of the devil who take "belief in a false god" as "belief in Allah". Allah is the mother of the universe, and we are all children of Allah, so there is no need for "devotional worship", which is an inappropriate step away from the teachings of Allah. It is only those who believe in Allah and do good deeds that promote the teachings of Allah by saying and doing things that break the "falsehood". None of the "servants of Allah" are "good" because they have misinterpreted the truth and have done evil deeds as good deeds.
(6) Knowing that the "end of the world" predicted by Maya on 21 December 2012 is the "end" of the monotheistic religion and the "day of the five religions". "In other words, after 21 December 2012, the format of studying only one religion for the rest of one's life will be outlawed and replaced by the new teachings of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. No matter which religion one studied, one could not return to the Kingdom of Heaven, but would only go to hell; only if one became an all-rounder in the five religions, one could return to the Kingdom of Heaven. Only those who have such a state of mind will be able to return to heaven. Without such a state of mind, one is not a "believer in the Last Day". (7) To position oneself in a relationship with God as "mother and son" rather than "master and servant", and to promote God's teachings in words and deeds that are useful in breaking up "false masters", is to truly "Such people will enjoy their reward with their Lord in the future, and they will have no fear and no sorrow in the future. (8) "The servants of Allah who worship piously", who worship "piously" every day, are those who have "fear and sorrow" and are in "fear and sorrow" every day. "They are in fear and trembling for fear of offending Allah, and such a state of mind is a sign that they are being tortured in the cave of the devil, so that they will not reach the Kingdom of Heaven.

A few important "laws" are vaguely written in chapter 2 (63) of the True Qur'an, and "some of these important laws" are used metaphorically.
63. "Then I made a covenant with you, and set a mountain above you, and said, "Hold fast to the Scriptures which I have given you, and remember the statutes thereof, that you may fear them." (1) "I have made a covenant with you" so that you may know to keep the rules. (2) "Set up the mountain above you" means that you should be bold enough to climb to the top and ascend it step by step in order to see things as they really are. Do not take anyone's word for it, but be bold enough to put it into practice. Do not stay in one realm every year, but accumulate insights every year, and your insights must grow with each passing day. (3) "Hold fast to the scriptures I have given you" is a prerequisite, not all scriptures are to be held fast. It is important to understand the meaning of the Scriptures and to find out which of them are "refutations and metaphors" of Allah's words, for without such awareness and wisdom, you will misinterpret Allah's intention. If you do not have this awareness and wisdom, you will misinterpret Allah's meaning. If you do not take Allah's words and metaphors as "straightforward", you will misinterpret Allah's meaning and become a servant of Allah and a "lowly ape". (4) The majority of the Torah (4) Most of the laws are clearly written, but a few important ones are vaguely written, and "some of the important ones" are written in "metaphors". This is something that you should bear in mind and should not be dismissed as a "straightforward narrative", as this is a deliberate attempt by God to leave room for reflection and is a yardstick for assessing the "saints and apes". For example: "22. He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and by it has come much fruit for your sustenance, so do not knowingly set up rivals for Allah." This is a "metaphorical" way of making the "law" of "forbidding meat and vegetarianism" very vague, but what it actually means is that your Lord, who created you and those before you If man does not treat animals as friends and slaughters them wantonly, he is "knowingly making an enemy of Allah". (5) If you do not truly understand the meaning of the Scriptures, you will not be able to remember that the laws of the Scriptures are written in metaphors, and you will not be able to fear the Scriptures. Only the "lowly apes" who have become devils will make excuses for their "eating meat and not eating vegetarianism".

(64) If you do not accept the interpretation of the Qur'an in the Middle Kingdom, you will surely become losers.
64. "And afterwards, you betrayed. And if there is no bounty and mercy from Allah for you, you will surely become losers." (1) After you have been misled by the devil, you will violate the "law" of Allah by using "reflexive and metaphorical" words, and thus act against the will of Allah and betray Him. (2) Those who criticise and rebuke you because you do not understand the meaning of the Scriptures are "the bounties and mercies of Allah", and Allah is giving you the opportunity to "reform, change your ways, turn from evil to right, and turn from darkness to light". (3) No one has ever criticised or rebuked you in Islam for more than a thousand years, but when a Chinese person who has interpreted the Qur'an criticises and rebukes you, the Muslims of the entire Islamic world, as "lowly apes", if you do not accept the criticism and rebuke, you are not accepting "Allah's reward and mercy". If you do not accept the criticism and rebuke, you are not accepting "Allah's bounty and mercy" and you are not seizing the opportunity that Allah has given you to "reform, change your ways, turn from evil to right, and turn from darkness to light", and you will certainly become losers.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (65) Explaining the "Sabbath"
65. "Indeed, you have come to know that some of you go beyond the law on the Sabbath, so We say to them: Become lowly apes." : (1) The word "Sabbath" comes from the Bible Genesis "2:3 And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, because on it God rested from all his work of creation, and rested". If you don't even know what a "Sabbath" is, you will surely "go beyond the law on the Sabbath and become a lowly ape". The word "exceeded the law" is a "reflexive word", not exceeding the standard at all, but "becoming a lowly ape" because you are not wise and do not have the wisdom to meet the standard of the normal human law. (2) "The Sabbath" is a "sabbath day". (2) The "Sabbath" is a holy day. What is holy? The word "holy" means "ear" on the left, "mouth" on the right, and "king" on the bottom; a king who uses his ears well, and his mouth well, and who knows the three worlds of heaven, earth and man. Saint (聖), from ear, from presentation. He has a good ear and a good mouth, and is well versed in all things. (3) "Saint" means to speak about the three worlds, to open up the teachings, so that man may become a saint, a Christ, a son of God, no different from the angels in heaven. (4) "Holy day", in religious terms, is the opening of the age of the edification of the world into Christ. "The "holy days" are those inaugurated after the three worlds of heaven, earth and man, to "make Christians into Christ". (5) In layman's terms, in the days following the creation of man, God sent angels to preach edification in the world, to popularize the education of the sages, and to make men thoughtful and realistic sages; the day on which the education of the sages was popularized was the "holy day". If you learn something today that you do not understand, you can make it a "holy day" today. If you come out of Christianity today and learn something that Christianity does not have, you can make it a "holy day" today. (6) If you have never stepped out of one religion in your life, if you do not have the consciousness of the "five religions", you have had very few "holy days" and are not qualified to become a Christ (the Son of God). If you have the realm of consciousness of the "Five Religions", you have accumulated many "holy days"; if you tell people around you the reasons for the "Five Religions", it means that you have received the five degrees of the "Almighty, the Almighty, the Almighty". You are the "Almighty, the Christ Almighty" and you are the Great Sage of Heaven. The day on which you tell people around you about the "Five Religions" is designated as a "Holy Day", the day on which you become a "Great Sage". (7) On the seventh day, God stopped all the work of creating the "hardware" of "heaven, earth and man" and began to create the "software system", the education system. For at this time "man" could not speak, did not have language or writing, did not have agricultural knowledge, and could not create, no different from animals. (8) If you really think that "God rested from all his works of creation," you are not a normal person, you have not been educated, and you cannot think. (9) Although God has rested from all his works of creation, he has not rested because man is not wise and has indulged in insatiable greed, leaving great room for the devil to promote his indoctrination under the guise of Christianity; man's own ignorance and greed The ignorance and greed of men themselves have made the devil's group powerful. (10) Can you say that God can "rest" when he sees his own creatures reduced to the minions of the devil?

66. "I have made this punishment a precept and a lesson to those who fear before them and to those who follow." (1) Not knowing what the "Sabbath" is and misinterpreting it means that you are "blind without ears" and have not met the standard of law as a normal human being, and have You have "become a lowly ape". This Muhammad is the punishment set for those who are unaware of their teachers, who recognize thieves as their fathers, and who are deadly foolish. (2) Look at your predecessors in Islam, whatever his "high title", if he did not have such an interpretation of the Sabbath, he was a "lowly ape "He is a criminal in hell. (3) A Muslim who has read the Qur'an, and who does not interpret the Sabbath in this way, is a "lowly ape" and a criminal in hell. (4) All those who fear the Qur'an should remember this lesson which makes Muslims "lowly apes".

(67) God's "commandment" in Genesis "not to eat meat"
67. "Then Musa said to his clan: Indeed, God has commanded you to slaughter a cow. They said: Are you fooling us? He said, "I ask Allah to bless me so that I do not become a fool." : (1) Muslims, have you read the Book of Genesis? Do you know what Allah says about whether you can eat meat or not? "Genesis 1:29 And God said, Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears fruit that has a kernel": this is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" to "forbid the eating of meat". This is God's "commandment and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". Those who do not take this statement seriously and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. The person who kills an animal in sacrifice to God, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill and is a vegetarian". The Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" is the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe the righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to make them learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish, to make them become a farce that "covers their ears and steals their souls". "This is the behaviour and mentality of a vile and shameless devil. God says: Behold! I have given you, "mankind", all the vegetables and seeds of the earth and the fruit of every tree with its kernels for your food, and all your food is pure green food and nutritious "herbs and pills". If you keep the five commandments (killing, stealing, adultery and drunkenness), you will return to heaven. (2) "4:4 Abel also offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep. 4:8 And Cain spoke with Abel his brother, and they were in the field, and Cain rose up and struck Abel his brother and killed him. 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest a man meet him and kill him." Muslims, do you know what this means? "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded seven times over" because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". This shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill the LORD with the "flesh of the animals" are under the LORD's focused protection.
(3) Since the Book of Genesis makes it clear that "animal mutilation is forbidden and vegetarianism is to be practised", the fact that "God has indeed commanded you to slaughter a cow" is a lie of the devil and shows that Musa is a devil who compels people in the name of God and that all This shows that all the "prophets of Judaism" are demons possessed by Satan. (4) "They said, "Have you fooled us?", which means that they were wise enough to know how Allah could "eat beef". Wouldn't Allah be a "carnivore" such as a "lion, a wolf, a tiger or a leopard"? (5) "He said, "I ask Allah to bless me so that I do not become a fool", but does this not reveal the true nature of the devil? How can it be that one "asks Allah to bless" him so that he does not "become a fool", but in the guise of Allah says, "Indeed, Allah has commanded you to slaughter a cow"? How can this be "Allah has indeed commanded you to slaughter a cow"? (6) Is Musa not revealing his "selfish, narrow-minded, mean-spirited and cruel" devilishness by saying that he "ordered you to slaughter a cow" in the name of Allah in order to achieve his own goals? How can a man like Musa be a "prophet" of God? (7) Why do you Muslims not have the same discernment as I do, when Muhammad has written the scriptures in such detail? What has happened to your brains? What has caused you to lose the minimum of normal human intelligence? Do you know what it means to "become a lowly ape"? What should you do, Muslims?
(8) Those who "ask for Allah's blessings" are "fools" who have been misled by Satan and the devil, and are manifesting themselves as "lowly apes", for Allah (the true Master) is within us. In the New Testament, the book of Revelation is called "the King of the Heart", or "Gog"; in Buddhism, it is called the God, the Self, and the Dharma Body. (9) Got it? Muslims. Don't pretend to understand and deceive yourself.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (67) This is all a demonstration that the brutal predator is the Satanic demon
68. "They said: Please ask your Lord for us to clarify for us the condition of the cow. He said: My Lord said: Indeed, that bull is not old and not less, and of moderate age. Do as you are commanded!" (1) "They said: Ask your Lord for us to clarify the condition of the cow for us", which shows that "Musa" is in opposition to the people and that the people do not trust "Musa", the devil. The people did not trust "Musa", the devil, because they did not say "Our Lord", but "Your Lord". (2) "He said: My Lord said", and Allah became the exclusive property of "Musa" alone, not of the people, indicating that "Musa" was a kidnapper of Allah and a robber who gave orders in the guise of Allah. (3) The whole of Judaism is a religion in which Allah is the only one who has the right to say what he wants. (3) Throughout Judaism, God is the exclusive property of the "Jewish priests", who are Satanic demagogues under the guise of God, which is why Jesus called them "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". This is why Jesus called them "scribes and blind leaders of the blind".

69. "They said, "Ask your Lord for us the colour of the cow's hair. He said, "My Lord said, "That ox is of pure yellow hair, and it pleases those who see it." (1) "They said: Ask your Lord for us the colour of the cow's hair", which means that Allah is the exclusive property of the "Jewish priests" and not the people's Allah at all, and it is normal for the people to question Allah, because It is only natural that the people should question Allah, because the "Jewish priests" have revealed the true nature of Allah as the devil. (2) The people do not dare to say "our God", for if they did, the "Jewish priests" would not tolerate it, and they would use all sorts of excuses to show that God is not the people's, but the exclusive property of the "Jewish priests". They will use all sorts of excuses to show that Allah is not for the people but for the "Jewish priests". The fact that Allah is the exclusive property of the "Jewish priests" is a sign of the "unity of religion and state" in Judaism. (3) My Lord Satan said: The cow is pure yellow in colour, and the Satanic demons who eat flesh are pleased to see it. The "Jewish priests" of God are the "lions, wolves and tigers" of Satan, who eat flesh and kill life, so they prefer meat, and the cow is pure yellow in colour, so that they may be pleased to see it.

70. "They said, "Ask your Lord for us to explain the condition of the cow, for all cattle are alike in our eyes, and if Allah wills, we shall be guided." (1) "And they said: Ask your Lord for us to show us the state of the cow", indicating that the people were servants of the "Jewish priests", who were God is merely an instrument of the "Jewish priests" to maintain their rule. (2) Further on, in 1 Samuel, the Jews ask God to give them a king, showing that the people are asking to be freed from the slavery of the "Jewish priests" (the unified pope, the dictator). A reading of the Old Testament shows that all the Jewish kings were abused by the "Jewish priests" throughout the ages because the kingship put an end to the "secular" system of the priesthood and the kings took away the rule of the "Jewish priests". The kingship put an end to the "secular" system of the priesthood and the kings took away the right of the "Jewish priests" to rule.

The people knew that the "Jewish priests" were demons in the guise of God
71. "He said: My Lord said: That ox is not trained, neither does it plough the field nor turn the waterwheel, indeed it is all beautiful and spotless." And they said: Now you reveal the truth. And they slaughtered that ox, but not out of choice." (1) "The ox was not trained, neither did he plough the field nor turn the waterwheel, but was indeed all beautiful and spotless", indicating that it was a calf, indicating that the Lord of the "Jewish priesthood" was a "lion, wolf and tiger" who liked to eat beef "Satan for a while. (2) "Now you reveal the truth" is an elliptical sentence, meaning: Musa, now you reveal the truth that you are a meat-eating demon. The people knew that Musa was a flesh-eating demon. (3) "And they slaughtered the cow, but not of their own accord", for they all knew that it was not the Lord who wanted to kill the cow, but Musa, the devil, who wanted to kill it under the guise of Allah. (4) Since all the "Jewish priests" were "religious" demons, in the time of 1 Samuel the people asked the priests to ask God to send them a king to replace the priests' rule over them. (5) 1 Samuel 8:1 And when Samuel was old, he made his sons teachers of Israel. 8:2 And the name of the eldest son was Joel, and the name of the second son was Abiath, and they were teachers in Beersheba. 8:3 And his sons did not walk in his ways, but were covetous of riches, and took bribes, and perverted justice. 8:4 And all the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, 8:5 and said to him. "You are old, and your son has not walked in your ways. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done."

Posted by Li Huaiju on 5 Oct 2017 11:22 11:05am Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









