The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imran (73-74) Only Trust “The Only Lord Way Withou Two” Which is Make Muslin Become a Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (73) Trust not only in your friends, but also in "the infallible truth that makes men Christ's return to heaven".
73. "Trust only in your companions. Say: Is guidance indeed the guidance of Allah, because others have received revelations such as you have received, or because they will argue with you in Allah, (and so you use your calculations)? Say: Indeed, Allah is the Master of bounties, and He gives it to whom He wills. Allah is Forgiving and All-Knowing." (1) The relationship between Muslims who practise Allah's "infallible way of making a man a Christ to heaven" is one of companionship. The relationship between Muslims who do not want to become Christians but return to heaven is that of a brotherhood. There are countless relationships between Muslims who believe in God and those who have different understandings of the Qur'an and different realms of faith. (2) Muslims, do not forget the reason why you became Muslims in the first place. You can only trust in God "to make man the true path of Christ to heaven", not in your fellow believers, for each of them is in a different realm, and each of them may be an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim". Therefore, the verse "Trust only in your brothers" is a "test question", an "ellipsis", a "refrain "It is a literary device.
(3) "You may trust only in your fellow believers", if you know that this is "according to man and not according to law", which is advocated by the devil "Ibrahim", and is contrary to what Allah says If you know that this is "according to man and not according to law", and that it is the opposite of what God says, "according to law and not according to man", and that you have such a state of mind, then you will become "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". (4) The Qur'an is full of such "questions". If you do not have "eyes like a flame", if you do not have a far-reaching mind, if you are a "whirling salutatorian, a pious abider, a bower", you are bound to be simple and mechanical. If you do not have "eyes like the flame" and a visionary mind, and if you are a "whirling salutatorian, a pious observer, a bowing bower", you are bound to simply and mechanically take the words at face value, and directly ignore the meaning of Allah, and become a devil's cave lackey who is eliminated.
(5) It is indeed Allah who guides us to become Muslims, not because of the guidance of any person; it is Allah in whom we believe, not any person who guides us to the religion. (6) Are you to be considered as Allah because others have received revelations like those received by your imams? Just because an imam has given a revelation to a Muslim, he wants the Muslim to treat his imam as if he were Allah.
(7) Ordinary Muslims are not in a position to argue with the imams, because the imams are rulers over the Muslims, that is, dictators, like the Jewish prophets in the days when there were no kings, "popes". Or they will debate with you in the presence of Allah, and the Muslims will tell the imam in the presence of Allah that his literary training is poor and that he has not understood the Book of Genesis and Revelation, which has caused him to misstate many verses of the Qur'an. (8) Is this how you imams use your schemes? Have you formed a group of imams who, under the guise of Allah, misinterpret the scriptures and indoctrinate Muslims with statements that will benefit your ruling hearts? In fact, you are all prophets of Judaism in the Old Testament, and you are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim" who has come from within to corrupt Islam.
(9) The "grace" for Muslims to become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" was not given by the Imam at all; it was not given by the Imam at all. The imam does not allow Muslims to become "Christ" either, for that would be more than them. The imam himself is not a Christ, and he does not allow Muslims to become "Christ". The "grace" for a Muslim to become a Christ is indeed in the hands of God. He gives it to those who wish to escape from the cave of the devil, to those who are able to escape from the imams' teachings, and to those who come out of the light of the "new moon" to receive the "sun of the East". (10) It is indeed in the hands of Allah that the "favour" of making Muslims "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is granted to them. He has given it to the elite of Muslims, the revolutionaries of Islam.
(11) The Muslims all became "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing down", and none of them became Christ (the Son of God), which was a favour from God to make the Muslims realise the true nature of the devil, and they realised that this was the wrong way to go, and escaped from the devil's cave, just one step away from becoming Christ. At this point, the Muslim encounters the "sun of the East" and all doubts are cleared away and he finds his supporters, the messengers of God in his heart. These "favours" are indeed in the hands of God, who rewards those who wish to revolutionise. (12) Those who are satisfied with the present state of "pious worship and prayer" and who are not revolutionary in their consciousness and courage are minions of the devil's cave, and are those whom the devil desires, because they have satisfied the "bounties of pious worship".
(13) "Allah is Forgiving and All-Knowing", yet Muslims have to prostrate in the mosques, several times a day, and go to the "great pilgrimage" in the celestial houses of Mecca in Saudi Arabia. This is the opposite of the "generous, all-knowing God" and is "narrow-minded and ignorant", which is a sign of the devil's "Ibrahim" playing with the minions of the devil's cave.

74. "He chooses those whom He wills for His own mercy. Allah is gracious." (1) Allah's mercy is to make man a Christ, and it is manifested primarily through the "unfailing truth of making man a Christ. (2) God has chosen people with a state of "ecumenical" thinking for His mercy to be extended throughout the world, so that they may meet His Messenger and undergo systematic training to become the children of God's desire and the elite of human society. (3) Allah is gracious. It is in the Book of Revelation, which reveals the "infallible truth that makes a man a Christ to heaven".
(4) The mercy of the devil "Ibrahim" is to make Muslims "swirlers of salutations, pious abiders, bowers of bowers", none of whom become Christ (the Son of God), but all of whom are "devout worshippers and prayers". All are "devilish minions of worship and prayer". (5) Those who "seek fame, are narrow-minded, selfish, mean and cruel, corrupt, kill and eat flesh, take by force, commit adultery, lie and cheat, and drink wine" are all those whom the devil "Ibrahim" desires, and they are all kinds of vile and shameless villains in society. They are all kinds of vile and shameless villains in society. (6) Like Allah, the devil "Ibrahim" is also gracious, and they make the imams' group rich and powerful celebrities and subject them to the torture of the Fire.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 26 December 2017 09:55 12:10 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









