The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (92-94) Eating Meat is Unlawful
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (92) "Divide and give up that which you love in order to attain full goodness.
92: "And you will never attain to all goodness until you part with what you love. And whatever you give, whatever you give, is indeed known to Allah." (1) Your Imam is not "a son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", a demon who reduces Muslims to "whirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing down", because you do not know what is "You do not know the difference between the true path of God and the false path of the devil, and you think that you are the Messenger of God when you are the embodiment of the devil, so that you Muslims do not attain all goodness, but all evil. (2) You have misinterpreted the scriptures from the point of view of satisfying your "mouth and stomach", and you have selectively eaten meat, committing the mortal sin of mutilating life. In accordance with the cosmic law of "retribution for evil", you will suffer wars, diseases and natural disasters of all kinds and receive your just deserts.
(3) To be completely "vegetarian and not to eat meat" and to give up the "love of taste" is to "part with the things you love". Only when one is completely "vegetarian and does not eat meat" can one have no life-and-death enmity with animals and no sin debt to pay. (4) Knowing that you have not understood the Qur'an and the Bible, nor have you become a "Christ like Jesus", and that you are not qualified to be an "imam", you will never act as an "imam" for the sake of personal fame and fortune. "To give up the fame and fortune of an imam is to "part with what one loves".
(5) God in Paradise is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and the souls of all things are the "children of God" conceived by God in Paradise. "Allah is the true owner of each of us, the soul that provides wisdom for our souls, and therefore the "old mother", the God of Paradise, knows what happens to each of us. (6) Whatever you give, whatever you give, Allah knows. And whatever you receive, Allah knows.

(93) It is "unlawful" to eat meat and eggs and all sentient foods
93. "And all food is lawful for the children of Israel. Except the food which the Eretz Yisrael (descendants) themselves abstained from before the Shearat was revealed. Say: Take the Zorat and recite it to your faces, if you are honest." : (1) "Israel" is the "Jacob" (Yerushalayim) in the first book of the Bible, Genesis. If you read Genesis 15 to 21 calmly, you will see that the grandfather of "Jacob" was the notoriously ignorant and stupid "Abraham" (Ibrahim). (2) The father of "Jacob" (Yerushalayim) was "Isaac" (Ezra Hagar), of whom Genesis 26 tells us that "Isaac was deceived and blamed" and chapter 27 tells us that "Isaac is deceived by Jacob", chapter 28 "Jacob the liar meets Satan the devil", chapter 29 "Jacob is deceived into giving birth to a son", and chapter 30 "Jacob Deceives His Maternal Uncle", Chapter 31 "Jacob the Robber Escapes", Chapter 32 "Wisdom Over Fear is Israel", Chapter 33 "Jacob is not the sign of Israel", chapter 34 on "Jacob's son's brutal murder", chapter 35 on "Israel" as " Satan's demons", chapter 36 tells us that "Esau" is far from "Israel", chapter 47 tells us that "Israel will carry on Satan's teachings forever Chapter 48 tells us that "Jacob plundered Joseph's sons and property", chapter 49 tells us that "Jacob exposed his family", and chapter 50 tells us that "evil is in Jacob's DNA". ". (3) In short, the core of Genesis is the representation of the "devil's image" through the farce staged by the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim), in order to let everyone recognize the true nature of the devil "Ibrahim The purpose is to make everyone see the devil "Ibrahim" for what he really is and to turn away from his indoctrination so as to be safe from him. Whoever in future generations can see that the Book of Genesis is a literary method in which God uses "reverse thinking" to show that the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are "demons", is "Christ, who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". If one understands and practices the Old Testament in a "straightforward" way, one becomes a Jew, a purely demonic "Ibrahim".
(3) "Israel and the children of Israel" are Judaizers who practice the Old Testament and are the demonic group that killed Jesus. The "non-vegetarian, meat-eating" group of disciples of the devil is a manifestation of the cruelty to life. (4) The use of living flesh and eggs as food was "originally lawful for the children of Israel" because they were the devilish group that had mutilated life.
(5) The difference between the Arabic pronunciation of "Ishmael" (Ishmael) and "Ishmael" is so great that "Ishmael" is never " Ishmael. The fact that there are many Internet sources on "Ishmael", but none on "Ishmael", means that many people are afraid to express their opinion because they do not understand it. To solve this problem, we must first know what the Old Testament is. If we take Genesis to be the Old Testament, we will not find the person "Yisrael". Genesis does not belong to the Jewish Old Testament at all. The books that follow Genesis are the true Old Testament teachings of Judaism, written by the "Jewish prophets". After Genesis was taken by "Moses", he followed up the events in it by writing Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, which is the true Old Testament. (6) The "Ezraim" who precedes the Book of Zerat is the "Cain" in the fourth chapter of the Book of Genesis. "Cain was a farmer, and all meat and eggs were the food that Cain himself had abstained from.
(7) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." "This is because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD" and also killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". This shows that God rewards and blesses those who observe the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice it" to the Lord (God) will be protected by Him.
(8) "All food was lawful for the children of Israel", but in reality it was "unlawful". Unless you don't know the story of Cain killing his brother Abel, if you know the reason why Cain killed his brother Abel, then you know the reason why Cain killed his brother Abel. "If you knew the reason why Cain killed his brother Abel, you would know that it is "unlawful" to eat all sentient foods such as meat and eggs. (9) You say to those who think that it is lawful to eat meat: Take the fourth chapter of Genesis from the book of Zorat and read it to your face.

94. "After this, whoever makes a falsehood in the name of Allah is unrighteous." (1) Those who disregard the meaning of the fourth chapter of the Book of Genesis and advocate the eating of meat other than pork are those who slander in the name of Allah, and are unrighteous devils, "Ibrahim". (2) Those Muslims who do not "eat vegetarianism and do not eat meat and eggs" are those who slander in the name of Allah and are unrighteous devils.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 4 January 2018 16:00 18:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









