The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Family of Yimran (4-6) Evidence that the Prophet of Judaism is a Demon
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(4) The Bible is full of evidence that the prophets of Judaism are demons in disguise.
4. "And before this Scripture was a guide to the world, and proofs were sent down. Those who disbelieve in the signs of Allah will surely be punished severely. And Allah is the All-Merciful, the Punisher of evil." (1) The Old Testament (the "Surat"), which was practised by Judaism, and the New Testament (the "Qur'an"), which Jesus overthrew, were used before the Qur'an as a guide for Muslims to open their eyes, to distinguish between right and wrong, and to find "the true way in which God has made man a Christ to heaven". (2) In the Old Testament, God revealed that the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) were evidence of the devil's incarnation. If you do not find this evidence, you have not understood the Book of Genesis, you have been misled by the "blind guides", you have become a Jew, and you are the devil "Ibrahim". (3) The evidence for becoming Christ (the Son of God) is found in the Book of Revelation. The eight signs of Christ are: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hatred of the Nicolaitans, and a rod of iron.
(4) Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you all the vegetables of the earth that bear seed, and all the fruit of every tree that has a kernel, for food." This is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" "not to eat meat". This is God's "command and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". Those who do not take this statement seriously and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. The person who kills an animal in sacrifice to God, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill, and is a vegetarian". The Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" is the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe the righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to make them learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish, to make them become a farce that "covers their ears and steals their souls". "This is the behaviour and mentality of a vile and shameless devil. (5) Genesis "4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Whosoever slayeth Cain shall be recompensed sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." This is because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and also killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep", showing that the LORD rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animal and sacrifice it" to the LORD are under the LORD's special protection. It is stated that those who kill the LORD with the "meat of the animal" will be protected by the LORD.
(6) Chapter 23 of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament is full of the words and actions of Jesus calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". This is Jesus showing what it means to "follow the right way" by "breaking the evil way", showing that Jesus was a revolutionary who used Christianity to overthrow the devilish group of Judaism; Jesus' insults against the devilish group of Judaism caused panic in Judaism, so they collaborated with Jesus gave his precious life to confirm that Judaism was a devilish group that harmed people. By being crucified by Judaism, the world saw Judaism for what it really was, turned away from it and became "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", a great contribution to humanity and an expression of Jesus' love for us in his blood. (7) If the world does not know through the fact of Jesus' crucifixion that Judaism is a demonic group that harms people, then the blood of Jesus was shed in vain, and such people are Judaizers who hate Jesus. In short, the fact of Jesus' crucifixion is evidence that Judaism is a pernicious devilish group. Anyone who knows the fact of Jesus' crucifixion but does not regard Judaism as a demonic group that killed Jesus is a Jew and a demonic "ebbo".
(8) The words and actions of Jesus are a demonstration of "how God has made man a sign of the return of Christ to heaven". If religious people do not have the words and actions of Jesus, they do not become Christ and cannot return to God in heaven. The words and actions of Jesus are a complete demonstration of "the infallible truth of God's way of making man a Christ to heaven". If a religious person does not take Jesus as his model, he is not practising the Word of God and is a non-believer in the signs of God. Those who do not believe in the signs of God are the devils of the devilish group that killed Jesus, the devils who promote magic in the name of God, the "Ibrahim", who make people into minions of the devil's cave of "devout worship and prayer" and do not allow them to become They do not allow people to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", so they will be punished severely. (9) Allah is All-Good, and He punishes evil, and those who punish evil are the incarnation of Allah, the Messenger of Allah. Those who do not punish evil are not righteous people, nor are they believers in the signs of Allah, but are devils who believe in the hidden signs of the devil, the "Ibrahim".

(5) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gives birth to all things and is omnipresent and omniscient.
5. "Indeed, Allah cannot hide anything from the heavens and the earth." (1) Because Allah is the source of all things, and the core of all things is Allah, nothing can be hidden from Him. (2) As Allah is the infinite vacuum, and there are children of Allah everywhere, nothing in the heavens and the earth is in direct contact with Allah, and nothing in the heavens and the earth can be hidden from Him. (3) In cities there is a "city god" who is in charge of the area, in smaller villages and towns there is a "land god", in every household there is a "stove god", in mountains there is a "mountain god", and in water there is a "dragon god". There is a "Mountain God", a "Dragon King" for water, a "Day Tour" during the day, a "Night Tour" at night, a "Four Duty Cao" for the year, month and day, and so on. These divine beings are all civil servants sent by God, so that nothing in the heavens and the earth can be hidden from Him.

The Holy Qur'an, Chapter 3 (6), states that God is never "at will", but He is the author, the executor and the judge of rules.
6. "And while you were in the womb, He gave you a shape at His pleasure. There is none to be worshipped but Him; indeed, He is the Mighty, the Wise." : (1) When the ovum of the womb is fertilised, the woman conceives, and Allah gives children according to the goodness of the ancestors of the man and his previous lives. The man whose ancestors and the goodness of their previous lives are thick and numerous has wise and handsome dutiful sons and daughters. If a man's ancestors and their past lives were less virtuous and had sinful karma, he will have sons and daughters who are losers and debt collectors who are sick and broke, or no sons and daughters at all. Therefore, it is not "arbitrarily given to you in form", but there are rules based on it. (2) "And while you were in the womb, He gave you a shape at will" is a literary "test" of Allah, a "refrain", to see how much you know about the causes and effects of past lives and present lives. It is a literary device of "rhetoric", to see how much you know about the cause and effect of past lives and present lives. If you believe in it, you are a demonic "Ibrahim" who has been eliminated from the race. Allah is never "at liberty", but He is the rule-maker, the enforcer and the judge.
(3) In addition to Allah, the Messenger of Allah should also be worshipped, for without the Messenger of Allah to enlighten us, we would not know the meaning of the classics and would misinterpret Allah's "infallible truth that makes man a Christ to heaven" as a superstitious "devotional worship and prayer". "We will then be reduced to the status of minions in a devil's cave, and will not be able to become a Christian at all. Therefore, in addition to worshipping God, we must also worship Christ, who has passed on the "infallible truth that makes one a Christ to heaven", and who is the messenger of God in all times to bring people back to heaven. Therefore, "There is none to be worshipped but Him" is a literary device, akin to a "refrain", which is a "test question" from God. If you believe this, you are a devil's "Ibrahim" who has been eliminated from the race.
(4) Indeed, Allah is the Mighty, the Wise, and the children of Allah and His Messenger are also "the Mighty, the Wise". Taking the Qur'an and reducing Muslims to "swirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing" does not make Muslims "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and those who interpret the Qur'an in this way are not They are not "the Almighty, the Wise", they are not messengers of God, they are "hypocritical scribes, blind guides", and they are demonic "Ibrahim" who mislead Muslims into slavery. (5) The Bible is a book of the Prophet. (5) Those who take the Bible without becoming Christ like Jesus, without the wisdom to interpret the Book of Revelation, without knowing that the "singing of hymns and prayers" is not the teaching of Jesus at all, but the devil's devilish teaching to obliterate Christianity, are not "almighty and wise" and are not "wise". The Bible has been interpreted in this way by people who are not "all-powerful and wise", who are not messengers of God, who are "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and who are demonic "Ibrahim" who mislead Muslims into slavery.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 18 Dec 2017 7:40 10:05 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









