The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (217) Warfare has nothing to do with the forbidden moon
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (217) Persecution of Religious Thought is More Cruel than Killing
217. "They asked you if it was permissible to fight during the forbidden months. Say: It is a great sin to fight in the forbidden month; and to obstruct the way of Allah, to disbelieve in Him, to obstruct (the pilgrimage to) the forbidden temple, and to expel the inhabitants of the forbidden area from the country, these acts are greater sins in the sight of Allah. Persecution is more cruel than killing. If they are able to do so, they will continue to attack you and make sure that you apostatize. Whoever of you betrays the righteousness of the religion and remains unbelieving until his death, his good deeds will be totally invalid in this world and in the Hereafter. Such are the inhabitants of the hell of fire, and they will dwell therein forever." (1) Because the message of the enemy can change at any time and the enemy does not have a "forbidden month", the enemy will not refrain from attacking Muslims because they have a "forbidden month", but on the contrary, will wage war when they have a "forbidden month The enemy will not refrain from attacking Muslims because it is a "forbidden month", but rather will wage war during the "forbidden month" when the Muslims are crowded, in order to achieve maximum lethality, so there is no doubt that "war is possible during the forbidden month". (2) If anyone says that "fighting during the forbidden month is a great sin", such a person is a scum who has defected to the enemy, a spy of the enemy who is spreading "ecstasy", or a demon who has come from within to corrupt Islam, "Ibrahim". "He should be killed at once, for his words and deeds are a greater sin in the sight of Allah. Remember, Muslims, that there is no sin in fighting during the forbidden month, but not fighting during the forbidden month is a great sin; that fighting has nothing to do with the forbidden month; and that one can fight at any time.
(3) Let Muslims become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and let Christ complete his mission and return to heaven, for this is the one and only way. Not believing in making Muslims "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and Christ returning to heaven after completing his mission is the only one and only way, which is "disbelief in Allah". (4) Anything that prevents Muslims from becoming "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is a manifestation of the devil's "obstruction of the way of God, disbelief in God and corruption of the way of God". Muslims should "resist their attacks, fight them and kill them". To make a Muslim a "servant of God" and to worship every day is a duty, so that he does not become "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". Such imams are the demons who corrupt Islam from within, and Muslims should "resist their attacks, fight them and kill them".
(5) The "forbidden mosque" is not a specific mosque, but a place where the doctrine of making Muslims "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is promoted. The one who promotes the doctrine of making Muslims "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is the Forbidden Mosque of Allah. The "forbidden temple" is the place where the Messenger of Allah made Muslims the "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". (6) A place that does not teach the true and unique way of God and does not allow Muslims to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is not a "forbidden temple" but a place where the devil "Ibrahim "It is a slaughterhouse where the devil Ibrahim slaughters Muslims for their wisdom and life, a place where the devil Ibrahim plays with his minions and is a stronghold for the creation of devils.
(7) Muslims go to places where they are taught to be "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and where they are taught the true and unique way of God, and this is the true "forbidden temple of Hajj". (8) If a Muslim does not go to a place where there is no "teaching of Allah's unique truth" and is not allowed to become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", then the Muslim is not going to the forbidden temple of Hajj "(9) Let the Muslims go to Makkah, Saudi Arabia.
(9) Those who send Muslims to the "forbidden temple of Hajj" in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, are the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim", for there are only frenzied "devotional worship" and "self-deception" for Muslims. They do not allow Muslims to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". (10) "Obstructing the forbidden temples (for Hajj) and expelling the inhabitants of the forbidden areas from the country are acts that only the Messenger of God could do and that only the present Christ would dare to do. No one who has not become a Christ and is not a Messenger of God can truly understand the meaning of the terms "the way of the Lord, the forbidden temples, and the forbidden temples of the Hajj" and can only "lead the Islamic world to blindness" under the darkness of the "new moon". (11) My Muslim brethren, I am not a Muslim.
(11) My Muslim brothers, if you had taken these explanations to heart, you would have known: "You say: fighting in the forbidden month is a great sin; obstructing the way of the Lord, disbelieving in Allah, obstructing the forbidden temple (for Hajj), and expelling the inhabitants of the forbidden area from the country are even greater sins in the sight of Allah", and these words can only be evil! "易卜劣厮 "说的。 (12) "You say that fighting in the forbidden month is a great sin, and that obstructing the way of Allah, disbelieving in Allah, obstructing the forbidden temple (for Hajj), and expelling the inhabitants of the forbidden area from the country are greater sins in the sight of Allah. "This means that you are the devil "Ibrahim" who spreads "ecstasy" to corrupt Islam from within.

(13) Let the Muslims go to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, to "perform the forbidden hajj" and not let them become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", but let them only "worship with fervour" and perform self-deception. "This is the religious persecution of the Muslims by the "Imams' group" and the persecution of Muslims who believe in God by the devil "Ibrahim". The Muslims are being deceived and abused by the devil, but they still think that they are "performing Hajj", and this kind of deception is "religious persecution and ideological persecution". Such persecution is even more cruel than killing, because the majority of Muslims do not have the right to speak about the Qur'an during their lifetime, and are only misled by the imams, and do not realise until they are in Paradise that they have been deceived by the "imams".
(14) If the enemy has sufficient power, they will continue to attack you Muslims, and they will not refrain from attacking you because it is the "forbidden month" for you Muslims, and if you cannot sit still and fight back against them, they will make you fight during the "forbidden month "If you do not sit back and fight them back, then you will be made to fight in the forbidden month, and you will be made to betray Islam, and this is "making you apostate". Therefore, forcing you to fight in the forbidden months is the devil "Ibn Ibrahim", who "will make you apostate". (15) To fight in the forbidden months is not a betrayal of Islam, it is not apostasy, for the premise of "fighting them and killing them" is righteous, and Allah will surely support it.
(16) "Righteousness" is to make a person "a Christ whose eyes are like fire and who has been given a rod of iron". Any sect that does not allow people to become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", but only to "worship God with devotion", is not a "righteous religion", but an evil religion. The sect that does not allow people to become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is the "righteous religion". (17) Fighting in the "forbidden month" is not a "betrayal of righteousness", it is an act of Christ killing demons. The "imam group" does not allow Muslims to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", but only allows them to "worship fervently" and put on a farce of self-deception. This is the true "betrayal of the true religion".
(18) Whoever of you betrays the true religion and disbelieves in the truth of God to the end of his days, his good deeds will be totally invalid in this world and the Hereafter. Such are the inhabitants of the Hell of Fire, and they will abide therein forever.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 6 December 2017 16:40 18:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









