The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Ox (207-209) Jesus is the Christ who gave all Himself voluntarily
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (207) Jesus is the Christ who gave his life voluntarily
207. "There are those who give their lives voluntarily for the pleasure of Allah. And Allah loves the servants of the people." (1) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and each of us is an angel from His side. We are all angels from the side of God, and it is the "pleasure of God" that we meet the Messenger of God in this life and become "sons of God" under the guidance of the Messenger, and return to God after completing our mission. Therefore, as long as a person does not become a Christ like Jesus during his lifetime, he cannot make God proud of having such a son or daughter, and he will not be able to seek God's pleasure. (2) The great wisdom of finding "the messenger of God who has received us back to heaven by His divine command", becoming "a son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" under the guidance of the messenger, and revealing the true nature of the devil, "Ibrahim", in words and deeds. (2) To become the "Son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" under the teaching of the Messenger, and to prove that he is the present Christ by revealing the true nature of the devil, "Ibrahim".
(3) In the face of the powerful devil's group, the present Christ showed his willingness to sacrifice his life for righteousness, and in the face of the devil's group's persecution, he gave his life for the truth without sparing his flesh. Such a "son of God" not only sought the pleasure of God, but also received His reward. (4) A Muslim who does not know the devil's group and does not have the courage to expose it, and who is a "servant of God in worship", is a servant of the devil without the wisdom to "call the thief his father" and seek only the devil's pleasure. A Muslim who obeys an imam and becomes a "servant of God" and does not become a "son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" cannot seek the pleasure of God, but only the devil, because the imam is the devil! "The Imam is the devil. (5) A Muslim who does not become a "son of God with eyes like a flame and a staff of iron" and who obeys the imam and becomes a "servant of Allah in worship", and who "gives his life voluntarily "当然是魔鬼 "易卜劣厮 "喜悦的。
(5) Because "146. He who has been rewarded by Me with the Scripture knows him as if he were his own son or daughter", this is a test of the wisdom of the Muslims that "Allah loves all servants". This is a test of the wisdom of the Muslims. If a Muslim does not know that this is a test of wisdom for him, he has forgotten the words, "He who has been rewarded by Me with a classic, know him as if he were his own son or daughter". The positioning of Muslims as "servants of Allah" is the devil's "Ibrahim". It is the Messenger of Allah who has positioned Muslims as "children of Allah". (6) "Allah is a loving servant" is not the true meaning of Allah, but a "trap" to corrupt those who are not wise, so that Muslims may become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have been given a rod of iron. The aim is to make Muslims "sons of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". Do you all understand? Muslim brothers.
(7) The voluntary sacrifice that pleases Allah is a Christ like Jesus, not at all a "servant of Allah in devotion". (8) It is not the servants of the devout who are loved by Allah, but the servants of the people who give their lives for the sake of the awakening of the people.

(208) Those who enter the religion of peace are the servants of the devil, Ibrahim.
208. "O you who believe! Enter into the religion of peace, all of you, and do not follow the steps of the devil, for he is indeed your clear enemy." (1) All religions in which "the servants of Allah are worshipped" are "religion of peace", for every Muslim is a lackey under the guidance of an imam. The sects in which the "blind guides" preach the Qur'an are "peaceful" because they do not allow Muslims to have the wisdom to "distinguish between right and wrong" and are They are all sects that "teach falsehood and lead blindness by falsehood". Therefore, "O you who believe! And this is Allah's "test". (2) O you who believe! Do you still know Muhammad? Do you know how he led the Muslims to establish Islam by "killing" the devilish groups? Do you know that Islam was established by Muhammad's "killing" of the devils? (3) Those who know that Islam was established by Muhammad "killing" the devil's group, and who have such knowledge, are sane and sober people, and any sane person would know that "join all of you in the religion of peace" is a "test" from Allah. (4) The Gospel of Matthew is a "test question" and a "refrain".
(4) In Matthew 23, Jesus founded Christianity by calling the Jewish prophets "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and by overthrowing Judaism, a demonic group, with Christianity, Jesus caused panic in Judaism and was crucified by Judaism, thus becoming The Orthodox religion of the "Son of God" is not only not a "religion of peace" but a "religion of killing" that exposes the devilish group. The Orthodox religion of God is the sect that breaks up evil, the "killing religion" that exposes the devil's group for what it is, and is the opposite of the "peace religion". (5) The sect that makes people "servants of God" and does not allow them to reveal the true nature of the devil's group or what it is, and does not reveal the true nature of the devil's "Ibrahim", so that they do not have to sacrifice their lives for righteousness and do not risk the life of Jesus. It is a true "religion of peace" and a devil's cave where the devil, "Ibrahim", plays with his minions. (4 December 18:55)
(6) The New Testament contains many passages in which Jesus "drives out demons", and the passages in which he "negotiates and consults" with the devil were added by "church groups", because the true "Son of God" would not "negotiate" with any demons, but with demon-possessed "prophets of Judaism". The true "Son of God" does not "consult" with any demons, but all those who do are demon-possessed "Jewish prophets". It is only such a sect, with the violent words and deeds of Jesus who "expelled the unclean spirits", that is the "infallible truth" of God. A sect that does not have the violent words and deeds of Jesus, but has the peaceful words and deeds of "consultation" with the devil, is a "religion of peace" and not a "religion of peace". They are not the sects of Christ (the Son of God) who "expelled the unclean spirits", but are demonic groups under the guise of religion. (7) O you who believe! Do you all know this? The sects in which Jesus "expelled the unclean spirits" and Muhammad "killed" the devilish groups are the "infallible truths" of God. A "religion of peace" that does not have the courage to kill the devil, and that "negotiates" with the devil for peace, is a devilish group in the guise of a religion. If you are all in the religion of peace, you are following the devil's footsteps. The religion of peace does not allow you to become "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". You will not have the wisdom to know right from wrong; you will not be able to "worship with devotion, to take falsehood for truth, to take wrong for right". "Therefore, the religion of peace is indeed your clear enemy, and you should "fight them and kill them".
(8) O you who believe! Do not forget that the devil, Ibrahim, does not fear Allah and has always been against Him, and that when you all join the religion of peace, you will find that the religion of peace is the devil's way of filling the believers with "ecstasy" under the guise of Allah. When you have made this great discovery, do not follow the devil's lead, but awaken your relatives and friends to escape from the devil's cave. The imam's "religion of peace" does not allow Muslims to become "sons of God" or to return to heaven, so it is your clear enemy. If you let the demons of the religion of peace go, they will go on to do harm to others.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (209): "God's infallible correction" is to make man an almighty and wise "son of God".
209: "And if you turn away from the right path after the coming of the testimony, then know that Allah is the Mighty, the Wise." (1) The sect that "breaks away from the evil way" is the right way. The "deviation from the right way" is the sect that does not "break the evil way", that is, the sect that does not allow Muslims to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". The "religion of peace". It does not allow Muslims to know what is "Christ and the devil, righteousness and wickedness", and does not allow people to have the wisdom to "know right from wrong", but only to "worship with devotion, to take falsehood for truth, to take wrong for right". "Such a "religion of peace" is an evil path that "deviates from the right path". (2) To become a "son of God" in life and to return to heaven after death is the true way of God. This is the "clear proof of the coming of God's truth" when the words and deeds of "Christ, who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron" are used to break the evil path that reduces Muslims to minions of "pious worship". In the world, this is God's way of showing His Messenger the true and unique way. If you do not study actively after the clear evidence has come to you and pretend not to see it, and if you do not "turn from the darkness to the light" and continue to bury the devil with the Imam, this is a sign that you have departed from the right path.
(3) You have not had the courage to escape from the Imam's cave when you were allowed to encounter Allah's righteousness, and you have chosen to "ignore the righteousness and deviate from it", and you have committed You have committed the mortal sin of "slandering Allah and harming the lives of people". (4) "And know that Allah is the Mighty, the Wise", so that man may become the omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, wise Christ, which is the "infallible teaching" of Allah. The imam does not allow Muslims to become omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent and wise, so there is no "infallible indoctrination" of God with the imam, but only "infallible indoctrination" that reduces Muslims to minions of "devotional worship". "The imams who misinterpret the Qur'an are therefore demonic "Ibrahim".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 4 December 2017 17:30 5 10:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









