The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (196) The Lesser Pilgrimage is Self-Ferry The Greater Pilgrimage is Ferry Others
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (196) A Muslim who has not become a Christ is a slave in a devil's den "trapped in the middle of the way".
196. "And complete the great and the small pilgrimage for the sake of Allah. If you are trapped in the middle of the way, then offer a sacrifice that is easy to obtain. And do not shave your hair until the sacrifice reaches its appointed place. Whoever of you shaves his hair because he is sick or has a disease of the head, let him make a fast, or give alms, or offer an animal as penance. When you are at peace, everyone who enjoys the great pilgrimage after the small pilgrimage should offer a sacrifice that is easy to obtain. Anyone who is unable to offer an animal should fast for three days during the Great Day and for seven days after returning home, for a total of ten days. This is the duty of those whose families are not in the area of the forbidden temple. And fear Allah, and know that the punishment of Allah is severe." (1) Explanation of the "little dynasty": "Allah" is the "old mother" who gave birth to the universe, the infinite vacuum, the common mother of all the angels, the king of our heart and earth, and the "one with Allah" in us. The "soul" in each of us is "one with God". Each of us is a continuation of the life of the angels of God who have come to this world, and the "angels of God" are the "souls" within us who are "one with God". The "soul" is the "one and only" soul in us. Our "soul" in this life has wisdom, and we have found a master who has great wisdom and has been instructed by God to transmit the Dharma, to learn "God's inexorable law", to practise it in accordance with the law, and to have "eyes like fire and the iron rod of Christ". "When Allah nudged the head of the disciple, the fontanel was opened and the "soul" flew out of the body. The "soul" flies out of the body and the "soul" in this life sees the "soul" and knows who it is, and the "soul and soul The "soul" and the "life soul" become "one" and the "life soul" has the powers that the "soul" already has, and the human body in this life has the power to see ghosts and heal people. The human body in this life has the power to see ghosts and heal people, and to prove that it is the "son of God" in this world. This stage is called "self-doctrination", which means that one has passed from the realm of mortals to that of saints, which is the "small pilgrimage", the primary "pilgrimage to God". (2) Explaining the "great pilgrimage".
(2) Explanation of the "Great Pilgrimage": Under the guardianship of the Master, one completes the "Self-Doctrine" and becomes a "Son of God" in the present world, realising the "Lesser Pilgrimage "Afterwards, he had to "professionalise the preaching of the Law", as Jesus had done, to demonstrate the "infallible truth" of God in words and deeds as Jesus had done, to bring the destined people back to heaven, to launch a fierce attack on the powerful demons, as Jesus had done, and to be like Jesus. This is the true "great pilgrimage", when one has fulfilled one's mission and become a "son of God" beside God in Paradise. (3) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe and is the "Old Mother" of our religious people. "In order to fill the world with love, she sent us down to earth to become worldly people who "build a paradise on earth", and we, the angels of paradise, have thus become Muslims in all countries of the world. If we do not "complete the great and small pilgrimages" in this life, we have not fulfilled our mission in life and have broken our way back to heaven, and are reduced to being criminals in hell.
(4) Religious people do not have the wisdom to find the "unique" master who has transmitted the dharma by the command of God, nor have they learned the "infallible dharma of God", and in this life they do not know who their "soul" is. They do not know who their "soul" is, they have not attained the "small pilgrimage", they have not become Christ, and they are minions who only "worship". Such people are believers who have not reached heaven and have not seen God "stuck in the middle". When one becomes a believer, one is officially on the road to heaven. Those who do not have the wisdom to find a "true guide", who have found a "blind leader" (an imam who misinterprets the scriptures) and who have led the blind by blindness, do not become "sons of God" who will reach Paradise before they die. "These are the believers who are "trapped in the middle" of a farce in a magic cave.
(5) "Sacrifice" means a sacrificial or worship offering; a whole animal of pure colour for sacrifice. The term "an easily obtained sacrifice" means an easily obtained animal as a sacrifice to Allah. Allah's previous commandment to "eat vegetarianism and not to eat meat" is followed by a clear reference to "a sacrifice for the Muslims", which is a typical "test question". This is a typical "test", a literary technique of "reflexive language", where the wrong is stated as if it were right, and Allah is looking at how Muslims deal with such "inconsistencies". If you hadn't paid attention to the previous commandment to "eat vegetarianism and not to eat meat", you would have thought that there was no inconsistency and that the verse "burnt offerings" would have followed the Book of Genesis. You will not hesitate to offer sacrifices. In this way, you are eliminated from Allah's list, and you are transformed from a believer in Allah to a devil, "Ibrahim". By killing animals "as a sacrifice to Allah", you teachers are "trapped in the middle" of a farce in a devil's cave. (6) "And do not shave your hair until the sacrifice reaches its place", which is a play by Allah on "Ibrahim".
(7) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him. "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold" because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and killed his brother "Abel" who "sacrificed the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep". The killing of "Abel", the younger brother, shows that Yahweh (God) rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill animals and sacrifice their flesh to Yahweh are under the protection of Yahweh. Therefore, killing an animal for "sacrifice" not only does not serve as "punishment", but also increases the sin and the penalty. "This is evidence that Judaism is a devilish, life-threatening group of demons. (8) The fact that such a verse as "sacrifice as a punishment" appears in the Qur'an is to see if you Muslims are aware that the Jewish Old Testament is a demonic indoctrination overthrown by the Christian New Testament of Jesus, and to see if you are aware that the Old Testament is a "counter-text" to show the true nature of the devil. ". As a result, you all ignore the fact that Jesus was crucified by Judaism and do not regard Judaism, which practises the Old Testament, as a devilish group, which means that you Muslims are all devilish minions misled by "blind guides". (9) Whoever of you Muslims has used "sacrifice" as a "punishment" is a sick person who is "sick or has a disease of the head", and who should fast, or give alms, or shave his hair, or change his mind and heart. (10) When you are at peace with yourselves, you will be able to do so.
(10) When you are at peace, you should leave the corrupt "imams" and go to a good teacher, find the "unique" teacher who has been commanded by God to transmit the law, learn the "infallible law of God "This is what a wise man should do, to become a Christ like Jesus. Otherwise, they are "animals" and will only be buried with the devil's "imams". (11) Muslims, when you are at peace, the crucified Jesus will not give you the wisdom to distinguish between the Jewish Old Testament and the Christian New Testament, which are mutually hostile, and whoever enjoys the Great Testament after the Small Testament, you are all "imams" offering an easy sacrifice to the devil, "Ibrahim". (12) Anyone who knows that the "Imam" has been sacrificed to the devil
(12) All those who know that "sacrifice" is the word of the devil that abuses Allah and cannot be sacrificed are "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" and are the messengers of Allah. Those who "fast for three days during the great pilgrimage and for seven days after returning to their homes, for a total of ten days" are the servants of the devil's cave who have been misled by the "blind guides". (13) The place where "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire and who has received a rod of iron" reveals the true nature of the devil is the "forbidden temple". Any place where the scriptures and theories of scripture of the "Christ" (Son of God) exposing the true nature of the devil are spread is a "forbidden temple, within the forbidden area". Those who have heard and seen the Scriptures of Christ (the Son of God) exposing the true nature of the devil are those who are "in the forbidden area of the temple". (14) Where there is no "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron" to reveal the true nature of the devil, all are "those who are not in the forbidden area" and are "blind guides". Misguided minions of the devil's cave. The obligations of the "blind guides" who mislead the minions of the devil's cave are the obligations of the devil's children.
(15) "Imams" of the Islamic world, fear Allah, and know that the punishment of Allah is severe. The imams of the Islamic world are all devilish "Ibrahim" who do not fear Allah, for you have misinterpreted the Qur'anic verses with impunity and have disguised yourselves as "messengers of Allah". "You are all "hypocritical scribes and blind guides". The "Last Judgement", as you are known, is directed against you "imams and groups of imams", whose hands are stained with the blood of Muslims. (16) Today, the "Last Judgement" has been formally "opened" and you "imams" should read the Qur'an as I have explained it and then change your ways and make amends. You should make up for your mistakes, abandon your millennium-old misrepresentations, and contribute your share to the removal of the spiritual shackles of the Arab nation, to the emancipation of the mind, to the remaking of the spiritual home, and to the great renaissance of the Islamic world, which is the only way you will be able to remit the punishment of hell. Know that Allah's punishment is severe, and that if you continue to confront His revolutionaries, you will leave a stench on your faces for all eternity.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 30 November 2017 17:50 Edited 1 December 2017 11:10 pm in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











