The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (155-158) The Ultimate Judgment of God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (155) It is the ultimate judgment of Allah that they lost their footing in the presence of the enemy's army.
155: "And those of you who were defeated on the day of battle between the two armies, the devil caused them to lose their footing only because of their transgressions; indeed, Allah has forgiven them. Indeed, Allah is the Forgiving, the Forgiving." (1) "The day of battle between the two armies" is the time when man's thoughts are righteous and evil, when wisdom and foolishness, reason and folly, righteousness and evil are revealed, and when the way of the Lord meets the way of the devil. (2) On the day of battle between the two armies, those of you who are defeated are defeated only because they have committed transgressions because they have spoken and acted in a shady and obscure manner, and have not repented of their sins so as to obtain Allah's forgiveness and mercy, and the darkness of their own hearts has invited the demons of the same sex to make them lose their footing before the enemy's army, and the result of this is the ultimate judgment of Allah. (3) Those who have been defeated, who have thought about what they have said and done, who have repented of what they have done, and who have thought of making amends, we can be sure that Allah has forgiven them. (4) For those who repent sincerely and have the thought of making amends, Allah is indeed forgiving and forgiving. (4) For those who pretend to be mad, who do not repent sincerely, and who have no thought of making amends, Allah is indeed unforgiving and unforgiving, for those who are deceitful in heart are the embodiment of the devil, 'Ibrahim'.

(156) The devil, Ibrahim, does not repent during his life, but only after his death in hell.
156. "O you who believe! Do not be like the disbelievers who say, when their countrymen go out and die of sickness or die on the front, that if they had sat at home with us, they would not have died of sickness or died in battle. (Do not say as they do) so that Allah may make this a remorse in their hearts (unique). Allah is Able to raise the dead and to kill the living. And Allah is Aware of what they do." : (1) O you who believe! You should know that there are two kinds of the Way: the righteous and the wicked, and if you do not realise that there are two kinds of the Way "If you are not aware that there are two kinds of paths, you will believe in the devil's "evil path" as if it were the "right path" of Allah, and you will be the devil's son and grandson of the devil's "evil path". (2) O you who believe, you will think that you are the righteousness of God. (2) O you who believe! You should know that Allah is the embodiment of justice, and that you all have a sense of justice, and that you all have the will to die for justice, and that you are willing to die for justice. If a believer does not have a sense of justice and the righteousness to die, he or she is a "disbeliever" and has not "believed in the right way". Such believers are not "believers in the right way", but are in fact devilish "Ibrahim" who "believe in the evil way" under the guise of "believing in the right way". (3) "When their compatriots go out and die of sickness or die on the front, they say: If they had sat at home with us, they would not have died of sickness or died in battle". And it is the devil of the "evil way" who is spreading his demons. Remember: He who sits at home will die of illness, for his time has come, and he who sits at home will be killed in battle, for the enemy has come to his house.
(4) They do not have the courage to die as they would like to die, and they use unrefined theories to justify their cowardice arising from their fear of life and death, which is unique to the heart of their devil, "Ibrahim". Therefore, do not say as they do. (5) "Allah is able to raise the dead and bring the living to death." Remember that such verses are "ellipses", one of the literary devices used in the Qur'an. Allah cannot raise the dead whose bodies are stiff, nor can He cause the death of the living who do not deserve to die. (6) When faced with an overwhelmingly superior enemy, one who is not fearful of death and has the courage to die, Allah can bring back such a dead person. (6) If a man who has no fear of death in the face of an overwhelmingly superior enemy, and who does not have the courage to die as if he were going to die, becomes a defeated soldier who has fled from the battlefield, such a man is alive but is in fact a dead walking corpse, and Allah can bring such a vile and shameless living man to his death. (7) Allah is Aware of their deeds, for He is in the heart of every man, and is the Aleph of the earth, so that He knows all their thoughts.

(157) Those who die in battle or in sickness for the Lord are taken directly by Allah to Paradise and become gods.
157: "And if you die in battle for your Lord, or die of illness, then surely the forgiveness and mercy from Allah is a little more precious than what they have gathered (of their possessions)." (1) "The Way of the Lord" is not a religious group that lectures on the Qur'an under the guise of Allah, but a metaphor for all causes that promote righteousness and reject evil. (2) To enjoy equality and freedom, to achieve national independence, to resist foreign aggression as if it were death, and to promote "truth, goodness and beauty" by exposing "falsehood, ugliness and evil" are all words and deeds of the God of Heaven, and they are all manifestations of the God of Heaven's adherence to the way of the Lord and not the corruption of evil. (3) If they die in the battle against the evil one, and die in the battle for the Lord, then they will be taken directly to Paradise by God and will become gods in Paradise, and this is the forgiveness and mercy they will receive from God. (4) Such forgiveness and mercy from Allah are far more valuable than the possessions they have gathered in the world.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (158) Surely you will not be gathered to Allah without having died in battle or in sickness for the preservation of the glory of your Lord.
158: "And if you die in sickness or in battle, then surely you will be gathered to Allah." : (1) There are many such "omitted sentences". If you hastily think that if you become a "worshipper", a "swirler, a devotee, a bower", or a "sick person, or a fallen man, then you will be gathered to Allah", you are not wise. ", you are beasts without wisdom. (2) If you do not resist foreign aggression as if you were dying, if you do not promote the "truth and beauty" by exposing "falsehood and ugliness", if you do not do what only the gods of heaven can do, and if you do not stand firm in the way of the Lord and do not become corrupted by the evil way, then if you die of sickness or die in battle Then you will surely go to hell, and you will not be gathered to Allah.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 4 June 2018 11:15 18:16 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









