The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (188-190) "The New Moon" illustrates that the Islamic world is "in the darkness of night"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (188) Bribes and bribes are the work of the devil, Ibn Abd al-Husseini
188. "And do not bribe the officials with the property of others through fraud, so that you may knowingly take a part of their property through sin." (1) Using the pretext of donations to get Muslims to donate money to a mosque dominated by an "imam" is "encroaching on the property of others through fraud. (2) The mosques that Muslims donate money to build do not preach the "infallible law" of God, but become factories for the "imams" to produce "servants of God" who worship with devotion. "The imam is then guilty of "encroaching on the property of others through fraud" and of "slandering Allah and harming the lives of others".
(3) Do not bribe officials with other people's property, nor with your own property. "Whoever bribes an official with his or her property is guilty of destroying the morals of society. (4) Whenever a person does something like bribing an official, he or she is knowingly encroaching on someone else's property by committing a crime, and such a person is a lackey of the devil. (5) Bribing and taking bribes are "selfish and narrow-minded" words and actions that destroy the justice and light of the world, and are shameful acts only for the devil, the "Ibrahim", who is the public enemy of all mankind.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (189) "The New Moon" indicates that the Islamic world is in the "darkness of the night"
189: "They inquired about the new moon, and You said: The new moon is the time of personnel and of Hajj. Justice is never through a hole in the back of a house, but justice is awe. Enter the houses through the portals, and fear Allah, so that you may succeed." : (1) Quote: The Arabic calendar takes the day from the setting of the sun to the first rising of the sun. And the rising of the new moon is the beginning of the first day of the month. The Islamic month of Ramadan is the month of fasting from the first day of seeing the new moon until the new moon is seen again. The moon is mentioned several times in the Qur'an, and some of its chapters are called "The Moon". For Muhammad, the new moon represents a new force, and the transition from the new moon to the full moon marks the destruction of Islam, the victory over darkness, the completion of merit and the light of the world. In 1453, when the Turkish Muslim army captured Constantinople, Muhammad II turned the city's Byzantine Orthodox court church and Patriarchal Church of Constantine, Hagia Sophia, into an Islamic mosque. The church was converted into an Islamic mosque and the cross was removed from the church. The church was built between 532 and 537 AD and continued to be built between the 8th and 14th centuries as a representation of the Byzantine vaulted architectural form. In 1566 the Ottoman emperor Selim II erected a 30-metre high bronze crescent in the Great Vault, making the vault and crescent 85 metres high. The mosques within the Ottoman Empire, which spanned three continents, Europe, Asia and Africa, were envious and followed this practice. Constantinople was the gateway to sea and land traffic between Europe and Asia and was a cosmopolitan city with many passing ships and Muslims from all countries. The mosque was decorated with a crescent moon, making its religious symbols more prominent and visible. Since then, the practice has been widely adopted in mosques and Islamic places of worship around the world. Not only that, but of the 57 Muslim countries in the world today, 12, including Turkey, have the crescent moon on their national flag (coat of arms). However, countries that were Islamised and Arabised earlier, such as Saudi Arabia, Iran and Egypt, do not use the crescent on their national flags, while countries that became independent and founded Islam later, such as Indonesia and Pakistan, use the crescent, which is due to the influence of the Ottoman Empire. Moreover, even the International Red Cross is not called the Red Cross in Islamic countries, and instead of the Red Cross symbol, the Red Crescent symbol is used, becoming the Red Crescent.
(2) The "crescent" indicates that the Islamic world is "in the darkness of the night" and that vision is limited and blurred, and that no matter how bright the "crescent" is, it cannot be compared to the day with the sun. No matter how bright the "new moon" is, it cannot be compared to the daytime with the sun. The "state of the new moon" shows how much one is lacking, how incomplete one is, how one is in the early stages of budding, how one needs to make up for one's shortcomings. (3) The "new moon" indicates that the "sun from the East" has not yet shone here, that the Islamic world needs the "sun from the East" and that The "sun from the East" will come here and fill the Islamic world under the "crescent moon" with life. (4) It shows that the Islamic world needs a policy of "internal reform and external openness" to enable the Arab nation to move from the "crescent moon" to the "full moon" and then to the daylight with the sun. (5) The crescent moon is not just a matter of personnel and human resources. (5) The new moon is not just a timepiece of events and the Hajj, but a "prophecy, a foretelling" from God to the Islamic world. Do you understand? Muslim brothers who live under the New Moon. The 21st century is the time for all mankind to turn their backs on the "crescent moon" and welcome the sunlight from the "East", which is the basic rule of the civilised world. The 21st century is the time for all mankind to turn their backs on the "new moon" and welcome the "sunshine from the East".
(6) The short-sighted "imams" do not have the wisdom to interpret the Qur'an, but they have to pretend to understand it in front of the Muslims and pretend to be the "spokesman of God". This is a manifestation of your lack of "fear and shame" and of the devil's "Ibrahim". This is a manifestation of your lack of "fear and shame" and the devil's "Ibrahim". "The "imam group" does not distinguish between the wisdom of the Bible and does not know how to make Muslims not only Christ but "servants of God in worship". This is the consequence of the imams "entering through a hole in the back of the house", which shows that the "imams" are not righteous and righteous people, but are unrighteous people who "slander God and harm the lives of people". They are all unrighteous people who "slander Allah and harm the lives of people" and are all criminals who have sinned greatly. (7) Find the gate and go through it into the courtyard before you enter the house. The Qur'an must be interpreted by an authority in the Islamic world, and the interpreted Qur'an must be the only legitimate teaching material in the Islamic world. This is what is meant by "walking through the door into the house". Until there is a unified textbook in the Islamic world, the situation is one of "entering through the back of a house", which is a major shortcoming and a sadness in the Islamic world, and something that needs to be remedied. (8) Fear Allah, Muslim brothers, and solve the millennium-old problem as soon as possible, so that you may succeed.

True Commentary on the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (190) Muslims should consider the Word of the Lord as their life
190: "And resist those who attack you for the sake of the Lord, and do not overdo it, for surely Allah does not like those who overdo it." (1) To make Muslims aware that the family of 'Abraham' (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis are all images of the devil presented by Allah through the method of 'reverse thinking', so that Muslims may become "those whose eyes are like fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, and whose feet are like a sword. This is the only and unique "way of the Lord", and this is the true way of God. (2) You Muslims should take responsibility for the Lord, and you Muslims should consider the Lord as your life. If Muslims do not consider the Word of God as their life, you are the devil "Ibrahim" who is corrupting Islam from within.
(3) Those who rank Jesus with the family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus rebuked, as "the saints of the Islamic faith", are those who "attack the Word of God" from within Islam. ", that is, "those who attack you". If you do not dare to explain to them that Judaism is a devilish group overthrown by Jesus' Christianity, or that the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is a devil of Judaism rebuked by Jesus, you are not "resisting those who attack you", you You are a fool who does not know what "the way of the Lord and the way of the devil" are, and you are a lackey who has been misled by the devil "Ibrahim". (4) A person who ignores the fact that Jesus was crucified by Judaism, who does not regard Judaism as a devilish group that kills people, and who regards the Jewish Old Testament as a "classic of the Islamic faith", is a person who "attacks the Lord's way" from within Islam. Such people are the "attackers of the Lord" from within Islam, the "attackers of you". If you do not dare to explain to them that Judaism is a demonic group overthrown by the Christianity of Jesus, and that the Old Testament is a demonic book that creates demons, you are not "resisting those who attack you", you are a fool who does not know what "the way of the Lord and the way of the demons" are. You are a muddlehead who does not know what "the way of the Lord and the way of the devil" are. You are a lackey who has been misled by the devil, "Ibrahim".
(5) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and we humans and all things are "children of Allah". The statement that "Muslims are servants of Allah" is a "test question" from Allah; anyone who does not allow Muslims to become "children of Allah, children of God, children of God" like Jesus, who "had eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, hated the Nicolaitans and had a rod of iron". "Any "imam" who does not allow Muslims to become "servants of God in worship", like Jesus, is a devil who misinterprets the Qur'an "They are the ones who "attack you" from within under the guise of Allah. If you do not dare to say to them that it is wrong to make Muslims "servants of Allah in worship", or to say to the "imams" that they have come from within to corrupt the devilish group of Islam, you will not have "resisted those who attacked you". You are a muddlehead who does not know what is "the way of the Lord and the way of the devil", and you are a lackey who has been misled by the devil's "Ibrahim". (6) The "imam" misinterprets the scriptures and makes Muslims eat meat and commit "bloodshed", and the "imam" is "the one who attacks you" from within. The "imam" is the one who "attacks you" from within. If you do not dare to explain to the imams that you have all misunderstood the Qur'an and that you dare not ask them to correct their mistakes, you are not "resisting those who attack you", you are a fool who does not know what "the way of the Lord and the way of the devil" is. You are a muddlehead who does not know what "the way of the Lord and the way of the devil" are. You are a lackey who has been misled by the devil's "ebbo".
(7) The family of Jesus and the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus rebuked, are listed as "saints of the Islamic faith", and the Jewish Old Testament is regarded as a "classic of the Islamic faith". "; instead of Muslims becoming "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", they are made "servants of Allah in devotion"; "imams The "imam" misinterprets the scriptures and makes Muslims eat meat and commit "bloodshed"; such Muslims and "imams" are not only "excessive", but "very excessive". Such Muslims and "imams" are not only "excessive" but also "very excessive", and they are the devil "Ibrahim" who corrupt Islam from within.
(8) The devil "Ibrahim"! From now on, do not go overboard and change your ways immediately, for Allah does not love overdoers. This is an ultimatum from the "present Christ" to you. Otherwise, I will kill you. (9) Those who fear death because they do not know how good heaven is, and those who do not fear death because they know how good heaven is, are all Christ's men who know how good heaven is, and are all righteous men who are ready to give up their lives for righteousness. Those who resist the attacks of the devil "Ibrahim" for the Lord's sake are Christ's who are ready to die.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 29 November 2017 15:50 18:15 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









