The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3, The Yellow Cow (278-284) God forgives those who "make the world public"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (278) Fear the injunction of Allah and forgo the interest owed by the "lender".
278. "O you who believe! If you are true believers, then fear Allah and forgo the interest that is owed to you." (1) O you who believe in Allah and wish to return to the heavens and do not want to go to the Fire. (2) It is God's Divine Rule that "the loss of the surplus should be compensated for by the deficit", and that "the forbidding of interest" is a lesson from God, and that those who "eat the interest" are "ungrateful (3) If you really believe in Allah, then you will not be able to make up for your loss. (3) If you are true believers in God, then fear His injunction and renounce the interest owed by the "lender". (4) If you voluntarily renounce the interest owed by the "lender", you will be able to offset some of your sins by contributing to the merit of the people.

279: "If you do not obey, then know that Allah and His Messenger will declare war against you. If you repent of your sins, then you shall recover your capital, and you shall not wrong others, nor shall you be wronged." (1) If you do not follow the lesson of "forbidding interest" and continue to "eat interest" and become "ungrateful sinners", then know that Allah and His Messenger will declare war against you. (2) If you repent of your sins and cease to "take interest", you will only recover your capital, and you will not wrong others, nor will you be wronged.

280. "If the debtor is poor, then it is better for you if you give him what he owes, if you know it.": (1) If the debtor is poor, then you should treat him until the time of plenty. : (1) If the debtor is poor and cannot pay his debt for the time being, then you should wait until he is well off and then let them pay. (2) If you give him what he owes and cancel the debt, it is better for you if you help him twice without payment, if you know that the merit of helping others offsets some sins.

281. "Be prepared for the day when you will be called to the Lord, and then everyone will enjoy the full reward of his deeds without loss." (1) "Guard yourselves against the day when you will be called to the Lord" is a metaphor for the coming tribulation, the time of judgment. (2) "Then everyone will enjoy the full reward of his deeds without being wronged" means that the judgment will look at the "merits and demerits" of a person, and if there are more merits than demerits, the result of the offsetting of merits and demerits will be that the person will not be punished. If the fruits of merit are more than the fruits of good, the result of the offsetting of merit and demerit is that the person is wronged and is not exempted from punishment.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (282) The use of "loan notes" to avoid disputes over debts
282. "O you who believe! When you establish a regular loan among yourselves, write a note for it and ask a person who can write to write it for you in all fairness. And the substitute shall not refuse, but shall write in the way that Allah has taught him. And when the debtor dictates it, fear Allah, his Lord, and do not diminish the amount of the debt by one iota. And if the debtor is foolish, or old, or weak, or unable to dictate himself, let his guardian dictate for him impartially. And you shall invite two men from among your men to testify; if there are not two men, then one man and two women from among the witnesses whom you have approved. When this woman forgets, that woman may remind her. When a witness is invited, he must not refuse. Whatever the amount of the debt, do not be weary of it, but write it on the debit note, with the date of its repayment. This is the fairest in the sight of Allah, the easiest to testify to, and the most dispellable to doubt. But it is no sin for you to deal in cash with one another, though you do not write a deed of sale. And when you make a commercial deed, it is proper for you to call witnesses, and not to hinder the witnesses who write for you or testify against you; otherwise, you sin. And fear Allah, who has taught you that He is All-Knowing." (1) Allah rejects "injustice and treachery", and those who have bad intentions are all kinds of devils, the "Ibn Abdallah", so fear Allah, for Allah's punishment is true. (2) Allah has taught you to avoid debt by means of a "loan note", so as not to give the wrongdoers any more opportunities, and to prevent all kinds of devils from harming good people. (3) Allah knows all things, and knows that there is no end to the tricks of the devil's "Ibrahim" against the people of the world, and in order to save the children of Allah from evil, Allah has perfected all kinds of teachings in the world to improve the quality and status of people.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (283) "Whoever conceals his testimony" becomes the devil "Ibrahim" who harms people
283: "If you are travelling (on a loan) and there is no intercessor, then surrender the collateral; and if one of you trusts in another, then he who is trusted, surrender what he has been trusted with, and fear Allah, his Lord. And do not hide your testimony, for whoever hides his testimony, his heart is indeed sinful. Allah is fully aware of your deeds." (1) "Whoever hides his testimony" loses his credibility, deceives his heart, lies and deceives others, and becomes a devil, "Ibrahim", who does harm to people, and is therefore sinful. (2) The human mind works because of the consciousness of the heart, and the "consciousness of the heart" is the soul of life in this life. The soul of this life lies and deceives, which means that his mind is dirty and that his mind is indeed sinful. When the "soul" does something against its heart, it wipes out the "soul" and breaks its way back to heaven, and the soul falls into hell and is punished. (3) Allah is invisible and omnipresent, so He is fully aware of your actions.

(284) The idea of "the world for the common good" overcomes selfishness and is forgiven by Allah.
284: "All things in the heavens and the earth are Allah's. And whether you confess or conceal what is in your hearts, Allah will reckon with you according to it. Then He will forgive whom He wills, and punish whom He wills. Allah is All-Powerful over all things." : (1) All things in the heavens and the earth are born from nothing, and they are all Allah's. Whoever of you has got all things is temporary, and it is Allah Who tests your attitude towards all things. The more you have, the greater the "test". Apart from what is for daily use, it is for the state and for Allah. The managers of large companies are in fact civil servants who "manage the money for the state". (2) Selfishness and self-interest in the possession of all things is a manifestation of "hiding" and the absence of the idea that "the world is for the common good", a manifestation of the obliteration of the soul that is "one with God", a manifestation of the heart and soul of humanity. It is a manifestation of the sinfulness of the consciousness, of the transformation of human nature into a demonic nature, of the devil's "Ibrahim", who is a pest to people and things, and according to which God will liquidate you.
(3) Those who have realised the truth and have overcome selfishness with the idea that the world is for the common good are forgiven by the Lord, and are only the sons of God. In short, whoever is able to correct his mistakes will be forgiven. (4) The selfishness and self-interest of the devil "Ibu", who is "selfish and narrow-minded, cruel and mean", has been exposed, and such people are to be punished by God. The main punishment for such a person is the truth. In short, whoever can't do the right thing, will be punished.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 16 December 2017 11:45 18:20 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









