The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3: The Yellow Cow (270-273) Allah's Aid
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (270) The righteous who see the righteous and lay down their lives for the righteous will be aided by Allah in the end.
270: "And whatever expenses you give, and whatever vows you make, are indeed known to Allah. There is never any helper for the unrighteous." (1) Whatever you give is intended for Allah's good pleasure, but in the hands of the devil "Ibrahim", who sells "the way of the Lord", you are deceived. This is a case of "true charity, not fear of false imams". (2) The vows you have made for the propagation of the Way of God are good, but the rest of the vows are misguided fits of insanity, because you do not know what the "true way of God" is, and you do not have You do not have the realm of "the unique consciousness of the righteousness of the Law" and the realm of "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". (3) Those who are far-sighted, open-minded, righteous and sacrifice their lives for righteousness will eventually be aided by Allah. There is no helper for the unrighteous who is selfish and narrow-minded, who is mean and cruel, who is stubborn and who has bad intentions. "It is God's cosmic rule to reward the good and punish the bad.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (271) "It is better to do good and not to leave a name", which is the accumulation of the virtues.
271: "If you give alms openly, it is good; if you give to the poor secretly, it is better for you. This will remove a part of your sins. And Allah is well aware of your deeds." (1) If you give alms openly, this is good because it serves as a positive example and creates a social environment of "helping the weak and the poor and mutual love" by shaping the values and outlook on life for society. (2) Some people who have done bad deeds, or who have not done bad deeds, deliberately hype their public acts of almsgiving and let everyone know through various media that they have given alms, so that they are seeking fame and reputation and are "making a deal" with God. Their "good deeds and merits" are like people entering a darkened house and not being able to see anything. It is as if there is no almsgiving, which certainly does not remove a part of your sins.
(3) Giving alms to the poor in secret, without publicity, without being known, is "doing good without leaving a name", and this is accumulating yin, which is better for you, and is the most appreciated of Allah's words and deeds, and rightly removes a part of your sins. (4) Allah knows your hearts through your deeds, for Allah is everywhere.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (272) Allah does not "deal" with anyone
272: "It is not your duty to guide them, but Allah guides those whom He wills. And whatever beauty you give is for your own benefit, and you may give only for the pleasure of Allah. And whatever beauty you give, you will enjoy full reward, and you will not be wronged." : (1) It is not your responsibility to guide them on how to give alms and what to give, because you are not actively drawing knowledge, because you have a narrow knowledge and do not have a far-sighted vision and do not see things thoroughly enough to be qualified to guide them properly. A person who is motivated, who is not satisfied with his present situation, who is always accumulating knowledge, and who is resilient, is the person whom Allah wants to lead to the Messenger of Allah and make him a true imam who will guide Muslims in the right way of giving alms. (2) If you give away any good thing in order to get more for yourselves, this is not charity that is pleasing to Allah, this is not charity, this is the scandal of "dealing with Allah". This is not almsgiving, it is the scandalous and ugly thing of "making a deal with Allah". To give to others with a mind that does not ask for anything is true almsgiving, it is almsgiving that pleases Allah. (3) Giving to others without asking for anything to help them through their difficulties is the kind of charity that pleases Allah. A Muslim can only give with such a heart in order to please Allah.
(4) Give alms without expecting anything in return, and whatever good you give, you will enjoy the full reward and you will not be wronged. (5) Give with a mind that seeks reward, and whatever beauty you give, you will not enjoy the reward, and you will be in vain. For all the beautiful things are Allah's, and for you to get them is to send them to you for a while, depending on your attitude towards them. If you "help the weak and the poor" without expecting anything in return, it is your duty and obligation to do so. But if you do not know the truth and are greedy, you will be rejected by Allah for not knowing what you are doing.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (273) "The sons of God" are poor for lack of knowledge, not for lack of money.
273. "(Alms) should go to those who are poor, who are devoted to their Lord and cannot go far to earn a living; and those who do not know the truth about them think that they are rich, for they will not beg from men. You will know them by their appearance, for they do not beg endlessly. Indeed, whatever beauty you give is known to Allah." (1) The "poor" are not those who do not have money, but those who see money as an extraneous thing, who are high-minded, knowledgeable, learned, who have eyes like a flame, and who have received the iron rod of Christ. (2) It is pleasing to God to give alms to those poor people who have devoted themselves to "God has made man to be a Christ to heaven" and who cannot go far to earn a living, so that they may have security of life and be better able to preach.
(3) Those who do not know the truth about them think that they, the "sons of God", are rich, because they refuse to beg from men. They do not consider their lack of knowledge to be poverty and not their lack of money to be poverty, so they do not feel that they are poor and do not need to beg at all, but they solve their problems by feeding themselves. (4) Their words and deeds were full of righteousness, they never complained about God, they took pleasure in suffering, they took the initiative to exercise their bodies, they had a proud backbone, and their cynical words and deeds showed that they were ready to sacrifice their lives for righteousness, and they were heroes and heroines. They are the "sons of God", the elite, the backbone of a nation.
(5) Indeed, whatever beauty you give is known to Allah. How you give alms and whether you have lost money, Allah knows it all. Allah is omniscient and omnipresent, and is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 14 December 2017 17:50 18:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









