The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (186-187) The Prayers are all psychopaths
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(186) We are "children of Allah", not "servants of Allah".
186. "And if My servants inquire of Me, tell them: Indeed, I am near, and indeed I answer the prayers of those who pray. And when he prays for Me, teach them to say yes to Me and to believe in Me, so that they may follow the right path." : (1) Quote: "146. Those who have been rewarded by Me with the classics know him as if he were their own son or daughter. And there is a faction of them that does knowingly withhold the truth." (2) Here, "If My servants inquire of Me, tell them", where "My servants" is a different concept from "their own sons and daughters". This is to see if you remember the "core" of what Allah has said. Let us see which of you Muslims has the wisdom to "remember" and "see the truth"! Remember, just as the essence of Christianity is found in the Book of Revelation at the end of the Bible, so Allah will make countless "leaves" to cover up the only "little red flower". (3) When you see "my servant" you think, "We Muslims are all "servants of Allah", and if you think this way, you have forgotten the previous statement, "He who has been given a classic from me knows him as if he were his own child. You will not think of yourself as a "son or daughter of Allah", you will position yourself as a "servant of Allah", and you will be misled by Allah, that is, you will not answer the question correctly. "You will have been misled by Allah, you will have failed to answer the question correctly, you will have been blocked by the "gates" set by Allah, and you will have "gone astray", you will have gone to the devil's "Ibrahim "You have gone astray, into the devil's cave. The few who are wise have seen through Allah's "test" and know that the "verses" here are a "trap" set by Allah and that we are "children of Allah". (4) "Indeed, I am a child of Allah", and not a "servant of Allah", and then I became "a Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron".
(4) "Indeed, I am near" means that God is the invisible and omnipresent vacuum, the air that is near to everything and no one can be separated from it without being aware of it; and that "God" is the King (soul) of the earth within our bodies. This is the condition of Allah. (5) "Prayer" means to ask God for a blessing; a believer in a religion makes his or her wishes known to God in silence, praying for protection from misfortune and blessing. Allah's "unalloyed religion" is to make those in this life "sons of God who have eyes like fire and have been given a rod of iron" to return to God in Paradise. Therefore, those who "pray" to God are fools who do not know what God's "infallible religion" is, and those who "pray" do not know what God's "infallible religion" is. "The "prayer" is a farce of "self-deception" performed by fools who do not know what Allah's "infallibility" is. "Prayer" is one of the "laws of works" that reduce religious people to the status of minions of the devil. "Prayer is an attack of insanity on the part of those who "play with things". The "praying man" is a psychopath.
(6) "Indeed, the prayers of the prayers are granted" is a deliberate "trap" to make people magnify their delusions and create desires. The purpose is to test your wisdom, to see if you have the wisdom to see through the "falsehood". If you do not know this "falsehood", you will be eliminated as a devil, the "Ibrahim". If you know that God "indeed does not answer the prayers of those who pray", and that this is God's technique for evaluating "Christ and the devil", and that this is the yardstick for distinguishing "Christ and the devil", then you have become "(7) If someone asks Allah about the prayer of the devil, he or she will not answer it. (7) If anyone inquires about the state of Allah, tell them: Indeed, Allah is near, and indeed He answers the prayers of those who pray. This means that you are the devil "Ibrahim" who is leading the believing Muslims to the devil's den again. The "prayer" is a patient who has been misled by the devil "Ibrahim" to the cave of the devil and is suffering from a nervous breakdown.
(8) "To tell God one's wishes in silence" is only a temporary outlet for one's frustration and does not solve the fundamental problem. Normal people know that "one's wish" has to be achieved by one's own hard work, and that you cannot just "pray" to God and get something for nothing. (9) It is not "praying" for Allah to bring about a blessing at all, it is the result of our doing something sensible and sober. (10) "Prayer" is a "lesson" for those who believe in religion, but in fact it has not prevented mankind from "two world wars" because of their "prayer lessons". The collective "prayers" of religious people have not been able to put an end to wars, disputes, and seizures. Therefore, the "prayer" is a disguise for the "false mercy" of the devil, "Ibrahim", who is hiding his "slander against God" through disguise. "(11) When he prays to Allah, he is not only a sinner, but also a sinner.
(11) When he prays to Allah, that is when the minions of Ibrahim go mad and teach them to pray with the promise of Allah, not in faith in Allah, but in the devil Ibrahim, so that they may follow the devil's way under the guise of following the righteous path. The devil's way. (12) The act of "breaking the evil way" is a manifestation of "following the right way". The absence of "breaking the evil way" does not prove that you are "following the right way". The act of breaking the evil path of "prayer" is a sign of "following the right path". Not knowing that "prayer" is an evil path means that you are not "following the right path". (13) To "follow the right way" is to become "a son of God with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", which means that one has learnt the "infallible teaching" of God and can know what is and what is not. It is only when we have learnt about the "infallible teachings" of God that we can know what the evil path is and break the evil path of "prayer".

The leaders of the state are the messengers who carry out the will of God, and the policies of the state are the teachings of God.
187: "On the night of fasting, you are permitted to have intercourse with your wives. They are your clothes, and you are their clothes. And Allah has known that you have deceived yourselves and forgiven you and pardoned you; now you may have intercourse with them, and you may ask Allah for what He has destined for you (children), and you may eat and drink, until the black and white lines of the sky are divided against you at dawn. Then fast all the day and all the night. And when you are in the seclusion of the mosque, do not have intercourse with them. This is the law of Allah, and do not come near it. Thus Allah clarifies His signs for the world, so that they may fear them." (1) "It is permissible for you to have intercourse with your wives on the night of fasting", so as to avoid the chance of mutating the sperm after the intake of wine and meat, and to ensure maximum purity of the sperm so that a healthy baby can be born. (2) "They are your clothes and you are theirs" means that both husband and wife are expressing the other's aspect and that the relationship between husband and wife is one of "mutual representation".
(3) The fact that you do not eat meat during the fast and then eat meat after the fast is a sign that you do not know that this is a sign that you have not really "fasted". This shows that your people do not have great wisdom, that you do not see things thoroughly, that you are not far-sighted, that you are not far-sighted, and that is why you are bullied by the great nations. "The fact that you do not eat meat during the "fast" and then eat it afterwards is an act of "self-deception" arising from ignorance. You do not realise that you are "deceiving yourselves" because of your ignorance. Allah has known that you have deceived yourselves, but you do not realise it because you have been passing on falsehood for more than a thousand years, forgiving you and forgiving you because the Last Judgement has not yet come. (4) Now that the Last Judgement is in full swing and the True Explanation of the Qur'an has expounded the original meaning of the Qur'an and "set right" all your misinterpretations in detail, from now on you Muslims will no longer be able to fully From now on, if you Muslims do not "fast" and abstain from eating meat, Allah will no longer forgive you and will no longer pardon you. You were "unaware that you were not wrong", but now you are "knowingly committing a sin and adding to it". Do you remember this, Muslim brothers?
(5) It is not just the night of fasting, but whenever you have intercourse with your wives, you are asking Allah for what He has destined for you (children). All children are destined for you by Allah, and you must not abort and kill them for any personal "reason". (6) If the state has a "family planning policy", respond to it, for it is God who has made it and the leaders of the state are carrying out the will of God. If you only use the Qur'an as an excuse for not fulfilling the family planning policy, it means that your "imam" is a "blind leader" who has not understood the Qur'an. It means that he is the devil "Ibrahim". If only you had understood the Qur'an, you would have known that the leaders of the state are messengers who carry out the will of God and that state policy is the edification of God. If the Muslims in China do not implement the Chinese "family planning policy", they do not understand the teachings of God and are "Ibrahim", the devil who misinterprets the Qur'an and does not implement God's teachings.
(7) The "sky at dawn" is the place where the sun rises first, the place where there is first light, the east of the world, the "Far East" where China is located, and not in the "Middle East" where your Arab countries are located. It is not in the "Middle East" where your Arab countries are located. (8) The "black line and the white line" are the dividing line between "right and wrong", between "Christ and the devil", the "rod of iron" in the Book of Revelation. "It is the "iron rod" of the Book of Revelation, the 7,000-year-old Taoist doctrine of relativity, also known as "Yin and Yang". To make a Muslim a "servant of Allah" is the indoctrination of the devil, Ibrahim, and is within the scope of the "black line". To make a Muslim a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is the "infallible teaching" of God, and is within the "white line".
(9) Until the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, there will be no "Last Judgement", no "time of dawn", and no one will be able to explain the "black and white lines" of the Qur'an. No one has interpreted the "black and white lines" in the Qur'an, and no one has made a distinct division between the people of your Islamic world; this is the time of the "night, the night" of your Islamic world, so your "imams Therefore, your "imams" are all devilish "Ibrahim" who promote the teachings of Judaism in the name of Allah, and therefore, you Muslims would classify the family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus (Ursa) rebuked, as "You Muslims would also regard the Jewish Old Testament, which was overthrown by the Christian New Testament, as the "classic of the Islamic faith". After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, when God opens the "Last Judgement", and "until the dawn of time", a messenger will interpret the Qur'an's "The messenger will make a very different division of the people of the Islamic world and you will find the devil "Ibrahim" in the leadership of the Islamic world. The Islamic elite will awaken at the "dawn of time" and reshape the Muslim "outlook and values" with a powerful religious revolution. (10) Revelation "22:16 I, Jesus, have sent my messenger to testify these things to you for the churches. I am the root of David and his descendant. I am the bright morning star." It means that the Christian world is like your Islamic world, you are all under the light of the "bright morning star", you are all in the "evening, night" time and have not seen a sun ten thousand times brighter than the "bright morning star You have not seen the sun, which is ten thousand times brighter than the "bright morning star". You should not be satisfied with the shining of the "bright morning star" and reject the sun which is ten thousand times brighter than the "bright morning star", don't you think? The single religions, which were the suns of the early days of mankind in ancient times, are the "evening and night" of the "bright morning star" in comparison to the "five religions of the family" of the 21st century. Muslim brothers, elites of the Islamic world, please welcome the sun of China from the "dawn of time".
(11) "And when you are in the seclusion of the mosques, do not intermingle with them", for the mosques do not speak of the "infallible law" of God, and the imams do not make Muslims "sons of God who have eyes like flames and a rod of iron "Therefore, the mosque is a devil's cave where the devil "Ibrahim" plays with his minions. The sperm of the devil's cave will infect the sperm and give birth to a child with the devilish nature of brutality. (12) When a person learns the "unbroken law" of God, becomes a Muslim who does not eat meat, and after having children, slowly refrains from "intercourse with his wife", he becomes a true "mosque". This is Allah's way of making Muslims "return to the fold". It is the law of Allah that Muslims should "return to their old age" and that you should approach them without "intercourse with your wives" and treat each other as husband and wife. Husbands and wives and all people are originally "brothers and sisters" in paradise, but because of their mission to build paradise on earth, they have become a "temporary" family in this life.
(13) The Qur'an has been used by God to clarify His signs for the world, because it is a "condensation" and if its meaning is not clarified, people will not know what God's signs are for the world, and it will not be possible for the Qur'an to perform its normal function and for people to accept God's "This leaves plenty of room for the devil, "Ibrahim", to misinterpret the scriptures and mislead Muslims into becoming minions of the devil's cave.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 29 November 2017 09:20 15:50 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









