The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (119-120) Imams Resent Muslims
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (119) You Muslims love their imams, but their imams do not love you Muslims.
119. "You love them, but they do not love you, and you believe in all the Scriptures, and they meet you and say: We have believed. When they meet in private, they bite their fingers in spite of you. Say: Die in spite of yourselves! Indeed, Allah knows all matters of the heart." (1) Because the imams have branded them as "messengers of God" and only they, the imams, are qualified to expound the Qur'an, Muslims hope to learn from the imams that God has hidden in the Qur'an "the infallible way of becoming Christ back to heaven" so that This is the reason why Muslims love their imams. (2) Their imams do not like you Muslims because you always have doubts and even ask questions to the imams, making them look awkward and embarrassed because the imams themselves do not understand.
(3) The imams list the Old Testament and the New Testament as all the heavenly scriptures you Muslims should be sure of, but cannot explain why Jesus was "crucified" by Judaism. Since all these "Jewish priests" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Old Testament and the Qur'an have the title of "prophet" given by God, the imam can only understand them as The imam can only be understood as a "prophet" and not as a "deceiver who kills and lies", because the imam is obsessed with the superficiality of the words of the "prophet" but cannot explain the "demonic image" that the scriptures present. "(4) Their imams have met you. (4) When their imams meet you Muslims, they say: We have believed in the Word. But the doubts in the hearts of the Muslims are not solved, because the imams do not answer their questions.
(5) When their imams meet in private, they bite their fingers in spite of you Muslims, because your questions prevent him from answering them, which means that the imams are not competent to perform the "mission of the Messenger" and convey the commands of God to mankind; it means that the imams are not able to give people knowledge of this life and the Hereafter, nor are they able to make Muslims "from darkness to light". (6) You say: You imams die for your grudges! The sooner you die, the fewer people will be harmed, because you are not "messengers of Allah" at all, yet you shamelessly call yourselves "messengers of Allah", and you are "Ibrahim", the devil who has come from within to corrupt Islam. (7) Indeed, Allah is All-Knowing.
(7) Indeed, Allah knows all matters of the heart. Of course Allah knows what is in the heart of an imam. The imam, in order to gain fame and fortune to satisfy his vanity by acting as the Messenger of Allah, has sold his soul and has become a devil with a deceitful heart. (8) Quote: "An imam is a messenger of God. The mission of the messenger is to convey the commands of Allah to mankind so that people may acquire knowledge of this life and the Hereafter and move from darkness to light." This shows that the imam is not at all a messenger of God who enables Muslims to become Christ and return to heaven, but a messenger of the devil who misinterprets the scriptures to prevent Muslims from becoming Christ and returning to heaven, and is a pure devil "Ibrahim".

The Muslims themselves read the Scriptures and understand what the Imam did not say, that is, they have "obtained welfare".
120. "And when you are given welfare, they are sorrowful; and when you are afflicted with misfortune, they are happy. If you are patient and fearful, then their schemes will not harm you in the least. Indeed, Allah knows their deeds well." : (1) Muslims read the passage in Matthew 23 where Jesus rebukes Judaism and find evidence that Judaism killed Jesus and that Judaism, which practises the Old Testament, is a demonic group that kills lives, and this is the "benefit" that Muslims themselves "gain" from reading the Bible. This means that Muslims have become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", that they are no longer minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray", but have become elites with brains and vision. They, the imams, are worried because the Muslims have become the Christ who has escaped from the devil's cave. The imams did not allow the Muslims to become Christians, because if they became Christians, the imams would no longer be the "messengers of God" feared by the beasts, and the imams would not be able to "convey God's commands to mankind" under the guise of God, and they would not be able to let the Muslims (2) Muslims who have read the Book of Genesis will no longer be able to "convey God's commands to mankind" under the guise of God.
(2) When Muslims read chapter 4 of Genesis and see that "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to Allah" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep", it shows that Allah rewards and blesses those who follow the rules of Genesis. This shows that Allah rewards and blesses those who follow the rules of Genesis, and that those who kill those who take "the flesh of animals and sacrifice them to Allah" are under His protection; it shows that the eating of meat in Islam is wrong. The fact that Muslims have reached this state of mind means that Muslims themselves have "gained benefits" from reading the Scriptures. It means that Muslims have become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", that they are no longer minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray", but have become elites with brains and vision. This is the reason for their imams' sorrow.
(3) Muslims read the Qur'an, Chapter 2: "22. And He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and through it has come much fruit for your sustenance. 168. You may eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, and do not follow the devil, for he is indeed your clear enemy." Muslims realise that "eating all the lawful and good food of the earth" is all kinds of plants, not all kinds of animals, and that eating meat is "following in the footsteps of the devil". The fact that Muslims have reached this state of mind means that Muslims themselves have "attained welfare" by reading the Scriptures. It means that Muslims have become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", that they are no longer minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray", but have become elites with brains and vision. This is the reason for their imams' sorrow.
(4) The Muslims read chapter 2 of the Qur'an, "173 And He has forbidden you only to eat of dead things, blood, pork, and animals slaughtered in the name of Allah; and whoever is compelled by circumstances, not of his own free will, and not excessively, (though he eats forbidden things), is not guilty of anything. For indeed, Allah is Forgiving, Merciful." Muslims are aware that "self-dead animals" and animals that are actively killed are animals. "And what is dead is forbidden to you to eat," and what is killed of its own accord is forbidden to you to eat. All flesh is nourished by the "blood", which is the "mother" of meat. "Without the blood there would be no meat, and the blood and the meat are inseparable. To "forbid you to eat blood" is to "forbid you to eat meat". If "pork" is one of all meats, and "only pork is forbidden to you", then all other meats should also be "forbidden". The "forbidden things to eat" are "meat and eggs, wine, tobacco and drugs". As long as one "eats forbidden things", one is guilty, not "sinless" at all. If you ignore "sinlessness", you will find excuses to forgive yourself for "eating forbidden things", and you will fall into the devil. The fact that a Muslim has reached this state of mind means that the Muslim himself has "gained the benefit" of reading the Scriptures. It means that Muslims have become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", that they are no longer minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray", but have become elites with brains and vision. This is the reason for their imams' sorrow.
(5) If you Muslims are afflicted with misfortune, their imams are happy because you will go before them to pray to Allah for forgiveness of sins and blessings, so that the imam will have dignity and the majesty of being treated like Allah, which satisfies the imam's vanity. (6) If you Muslims persevere in your situation and do not go to the mosque to be taught by the imams, and fear the truth that Allah has left in the Qur'an, then the schemes of their imams cannot harm you in the slightest, for you have escaped from the devil's cave.
(7) Indeed, Allah knows the deeds of their imams. If a Muslim pays attention to the words and deeds of the imams, he will see their true nature as "selfish and narrow-minded, cruel and mean" devils. (8) When you find evidence that they are demons, you become "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". Therefore, demons are the "living targets and companions" for Christ's fulfilment. The world cannot live without them, they are immortal and will last forever.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 9 January 2018 15:07 16:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









