The True Explanation of the Qur'an Postscript teaches you to read the Qur'an (Explanation of Vocabulary)2
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The sign of Allah is "O": Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow 158: "Indeed, Safa and Marwi are the signs of Allah. And those who perform a great or a small pilgrimage, there is no harm in visiting these two mountains. Those who do good deeds of their own accord (will be rewarded with good deeds), for indeed Allah is Generous in reward and All-Knowing." (5) Did Allah create all things in the universe, and did the two mountains of Safa and Marwi create all things in the universe? "Do the two mountains, Safa and Marwi, show that Allah created the universe? No, and it does not. Since the two mountains of Safa and Marwi did not create the universe, and since the two mountains of Safa and Marwi do not show that God created the universe, they cannot be the "signs of God". The two mountains cannot be "signs of Allah". Why do the Arab nations not understand this? It must be because the Muslims have been drinking "ecstasy". Why did no one in the Arab nation understand that "Safa and Marwi are indeed the signs of Allah" is a test from Allah? It must be because the Muslims have drunk the "ecstasy". (6) When Allah created the universe, He created the "Yes" (Taiji) out of the "No" (Wuji), and everything is a kind of "Yes", a kind of "Yes". Everything is a kind of "being" and is born from "nothing", and is born of Allah. Therefore, there is no comparison with Allah, and He is "unique and one". Any image of the natural world is wrong as a "sign of God" because any image of the natural world is a "being" born of God and can only be a "son or daughter of God". It cannot be a "sign of God" at all. The "sign of God" can only be the "O", the "circle of infinity", which represents the infinite vacuum that encompasses the universe. The "O" can only be the "O", the "circle of infinity", which represents the infinite vacuum that encompasses the universe. There are no two truths for the return to heaven, but only one, the "Immutable Law of Righteousness", which allows one to become Christ and return to heaven. This one "unchangeable law" is the way to become Christ, and when one understands this truth, one is "Christ with a rod of iron". The "infallible law" of how to become Christ is found in the Book of Revelation. If one understands the Book of Revelation, one can become Christ, otherwise, one can only go to hell, because "the right law is unique". With the consciousness that "the righteousness of the law is unique", and knowing that "devotional worship" and other "works of art" are the opposite of the "non-dual righteousness of the law" of becoming Christ "When one understands this, one is "the Christ with the iron rod".
(7) Those who do not know that Allah is the "Old Mother" who created the universe and the unique "infinite vacuum", and who preach that "Safa and Marwi are indeed the signs of Allah" are "false scribes and blind leaders", and that the devil "Ibrahim" who misleads Muslims to hell under the guise of Allah. (7) Those who proclaim that "Safa and Malawi are indeed the signs of Allah" are "scribes who pretend to be good, blind guides", and "Ibrahim", the devil who misleads Muslims to hell under the guise of Allah. ( 8 ) "Those who perform the great or the small pilgrimage" are ignorant and ignorant, and are the minions of the devil "Ibrahim" who plays with them in the guise of Allah.

(9) "Indeed, Safa and Mervi are the signs of God" is a typical "test", and the one who knows the "test" is "the Christ with eyes like flames", the "Son of God, the child of God". This is a typical "test", and the one who can understand it is "the Christ with eyes like flames", "the Son of God, the child of God". Those who do not see through the test are "scribes who are hypocrites and blind guides". The phrase "Indeed, Safa and Malvi are the signs of Allah" is an "omission", but the full phrase should be: "Allah" is the invisible, omnipresent, "old mother" who gives birth to all things. The complete sentence should read: "Allah" is the invisible, omnipresent, mother of all things, and nothing tangible in nature can be a "sign of Allah"; indeed, Safa and Marwi "cannot be" signs of Allah. (10) "Those who perform the great or the small pilgrimage" are originally minions of the devil, "Ibrahim", and they "have no choice but to visit these two mountains". Those who know what is the "infallible law" of becoming Christ are not "those who hold great or small pilgrimages", they do not "travel these two hills" at all, for they know that They would not have travelled to these two mountains, for they would have known that the "Sepha and the Melvins" are the "falsehoods" of God that distinguish "Christ from the minions of the devil".

(11) Those who do not know that the two mountains of Safa and Marwi are indeed "not signs" of God, and those who perform the great and small pilgrimages do not know what "good" is, nor do they have the wisdom to distinguish between "good and evil". They do not know what is good, nor do they have the wisdom to distinguish between good and evil, and they can only do what is evil as good, although they call themselves "voluntary doers of good". "(12) Knowing that "God" is the only one who can do good. (12) Only those who know that Allah is the "Old Mother" who created the universe and the unique "infinite vacuum" can be true doers of good and will be rewarded with good. Indeed, Allah will reward those who do evil and those who do good, and it is the law of the universe that Allah will reward the good and punish the evil. Allah knows who is not a "doer of evil and a doer of good".

Religion is the "ship" that brings people back to heaven: Chapter 2, 164. "The creation of the heavens and the earth, the rotation of the day and the night, the ships that facilitate navigation, the rain that God sends down from the clouds through which He revives the dead earth, and the scattering of all kinds of animals on the earth, and the change of the winds, the clouds that govern the heavens and the earth. Indeed, there are many signs in this for those who can understand." (1) God is the infinite vacuum, the O, and the O is the One True Way. The O is the only true Word. Allah created the heavens and the earth, and from the One came the Two. The heavens are high and distant, the yang nature of the high. The earth is underneath the feet, a heavy yin. Without people, even if there were a heaven and earth, no one would know about it. Man is the "three" born out of the "heaven and earth". This is how "Tao gives birth to one, one to two, two to three, and three to everything". (2) The day is warm and gives birth to the Yang, the Christ, of all things. The night is the yin, the devil, who is cold, stops growing and dies. "The rotation of the day and night shows that yin and yang are opposites, that they are in opposition to each other, that the opposite is true, and that "old age, sickness and death" are the laws of the universe.
(3) The "ships that profit men to sail" are the means of bringing men to the other side, and religion is the "ships" that God uses to bring men to the other side to become the means of Christ's return to heaven. The world is a vast sea of people, and the religious world, mixed with the "Ibrahim", is a vast sea of laws. Religious denominations are the instruments of the "ships" called "ships of the law". (4) The human "soul" (spirituality, divinityuality) is the "child of Allah" who is with Allah in Paradise, and because of the need to make this world a "paradise on earth", Allah has Allah has made the "children of Allah", who have their own specialities, to come from Paradise to the world as new individuals. What we were in Paradise is what we are in this life. In order to bring the "children of God" back to Paradise, God sent His Messenger to set up a religion as a "ship" to bring people back to Heaven. There are different religions because of the differences in the types of people and their languages and scripts. Although the names of the religions set up by God are different, they all have the same purpose; although the texts of the teachings are different, they all have the same meaning, namely, to restore the "soul" of the believer to the state of "soul" (son of God, spirituality, divinity) after a specific training in this life. It is the restoration of the original nature of the believer to the realm of the "soul" (Son of God, spirituality, nature), that is, the restoration of the original nature of the believer to become Christ.

(5) Any sect that does not allow believers to regain their true nature as Christ (the Son of God), or to become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", is not the true way of God, and is the devil "Ibrahim" who misleads believers to hell under the guise of God. "They are all devils who, under the guise of Allah, mislead their followers into hell. The sects that make their followers practise the "Law of Works", such as "chanting hymns and prayers, doing charity, and worshipping with devotion", are the "pirate ships" of the devil "Ibrahim" heading for hell under the guise of Allah. The "pirate ship" of the devil, "Ibrahim", in the guise of Allah, is heading for hell. The "works of art", such as "chanting hymns and prayers, doing charitable works, worshipping with devotion", are all magic to erase the true nature of the "sons of God", and are the devil's way of making believers "play with things". They are all toys for the devil to make his followers "play with things", and they are all means for the devil to abuse his minions. (6) For no "ship" can cross the sea to the other shore, and no "sect" (ship, law ship) can become Christ back to heaven. You cannot get to the other shore without getting off the ship, and you cannot walk on the ship without getting off the ship. If one does not know what the other shore is and how to get to it, one will "die on the ship and be buried in the sea of law" because one does not know where the other shore is, and instead of reaching heaven, one will go to hell. Therefore, to believe in religion, one must first know what the "ship" (dharma ship) is and what the other shore is.

(7) After believing in religion, the Messenger of God taught him that "those who believe in religion are beings, and the sons of God do not believe in religion". If one wants to become a "son of God" and be restored to his original nature, one cannot believe in religion. Not to believe in religion is to "abandon the ship and go ashore" and become a "son of God". This process of coming into religion and then coming out of religion is the process of "abandoning ship and going ashore" and becoming a "son of God". ( 8 ) Those who have become "sons of God" by abandoning their religion and disembarking from it lack the evidence and confidence to become "sons of God". By revealing the true nature of the devil (the law of works) in the words and deeds of God's "law of nothingness", the true nature of the "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron" is revealed. The evidence of being "the Son of God, restored to his true nature". This method is the "unique and correct method" of God, also known as the "non-dual method of seeing the heart and soul", which is the Buddhist "cultivation of the soul".

The "prayers" are neurotic: "Chapter 2, 186. If My servants inquire about Me, tell them: Indeed, I am near, and indeed, I answer the prayers of the prayers of those who pray. And when he prays for Me, teach them to say yes to Me and to believe in Me, so that they may follow the right path." (6) "Indeed, the prayer of the one who prays is promised" is a deliberate "trap" to magnify delusion and desire, a literary device of "reflexive language", which means that the wrong is deliberately said to be right in order to test you. The purpose is to test your wisdom, to see if you have the wisdom to see through the "falsehood and emptiness". If you do not recognise the wisdom of this "falsehood", you will be eliminated as the devil's "Ibrahim". If you know that God "indeed does not answer the prayers of those who pray", and that this is God's technique for evaluating "Christ and the devil", and that this is the yardstick for distinguishing "Christ and the devil", then you have become "(7) If someone asks Allah about the prayer of the devil, he or she will not answer it. (7) If anyone inquires about the state of Allah, tell them: Indeed, Allah is near, and indeed He answers the prayers of those who pray. This means that you are the devil "Ibrahim" who is leading believing Muslims to the devil's den again. The "prayers" are the patients who have been misled by the devil "Ibrahim" to the cave of the devil and are suffering from a nervous breakdown.
( 8 ) "Praying to God about your wishes" is only a temporary way of venting your frustration, but it does not solve the fundamental problem. Normal people know that "their wishes" have to be achieved by their own hard work, and that you do not just "pray" to God to "get something for nothing". (9) It is not "praying" for Allah to bring about a blessing at all, it is the result of our doing something sensible and sober. (10) "Prayer" is a "lesson" for those who believe in religion, but in fact it has not prevented mankind from "two world wars" because of their "prayer lessons". The collective "prayers" of religious people have not been able to put an end to wars, disputes, and seizures. Therefore, the "prayer" is a disguise for the "false compassion" of the devil "Ibrahim", who is hiding his "slander against God" through disguise. He is covering up his sin of "slandering God" through disguise.

(11) When he prays to Allah, it is the time when the minions of 'Ibrahim go mad and teach them to pray with the promise of Allah, not with faith in Allah, but with faith in the devil 'Ibrahim, so that they may follow the righteous path under the guise of following it. The devil's way. (12) The act of "breaking the evil way" is a manifestation of "following the right way". The absence of "breaking the evil way" does not prove that you are "following the right way". The act of breaking the evil path of "prayer" is a sign of "following the right path". Not knowing that "prayer" is an evil path means that you are not "following the right path". (13) To "follow the right way" is to become "a son of God with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", which means that one has learnt the "infallible teaching" of God and can know what is and what is not. (13) "Follow the right path" and become "a son of God with eyes like fire and a staff of iron".

"The New Moon" indicates that the Islamic world is "in the night": "Chapter 2, 189. They inquired about the state of the new moon, and You said: The new moon is the time of personnel and of Hajj. Justice is never through a hole in the back of a house, but justice is awe. Enter your houses through the portals, and fear Allah, so that you may succeed." (2) The "new moon" indicates that the Islamic world is in the "night of the night" and that the vision is limited and blurred, and no matter how bright the "new moon" is, it cannot be compared to the day with the sun. No matter how bright the "crescent" is, it cannot be compared to the daytime with the sun. The "state of the new moon" shows how much one lacks, how incomplete one is, how one is in the early stages of budding, how one needs to make up for one's shortcomings. (3) The "new moon" indicates that the "sun from the East" has not yet shone here, that the Islamic world needs the "sun from the East" and that The "sun from the East" will come here and fill the Islamic world under the "crescent moon" with life. (4) It shows that the Islamic world needs a policy of "internal reform and external openness" to enable the Arab nation to move from the "crescent moon" to the "full moon" and then to the daylight with the sun. (5) The crescent moon is not just a matter of personnel and human resources. (5) The new moon is not just a timepiece of events and the Hajj, but a "prophecy, a foretelling" from God to the Islamic world. Do you understand? Muslim brothers who live under the New Moon. The 21st century is the time for all mankind to turn their backs on the "crescent moon" and welcome the sunlight from the "East", which is the basic rule of the civilised world. The 21st century is the time for all mankind to turn their backs on the "new moon" and welcome the "sunshine from the East".
Muhammad's overthrow of Catholicism: Qur'an, Chapter 3 "43. O Mary! Obey your Lord, and bow down, and bow down with those who bow." (1) Around the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476, the Bishop of Rome gradually became the head of the entire Western Church, and a "papacy" was gradually formed in the Western Church. The papal Church realised that it had a vocation to preach the Gospel to barbaric peoples. The ascension of the first Benedictine hermit to the throne of Peter in 590 marks the end of the ancient Church and the beginning of the medieval Church. The "great refinement" of "Catholic" doctrine is marked not only by the emergence of the "priesthood order", but by the fact that Mary, the mother of Jesus, becomes the supreme sanctity of the Catholic faith. It is a sign that Christianity "exists in name only", that by allowing the Virgin Mary, the mother of Jesus, to take precedence over Jesus, the Lord of Christ, the core doctrines of Christianity can be obliterated in the name of the "Virgin Mary". This is a sign that Christianity "exists in name only". (2) The time of Muhammad (570-632) was the time when Christianity became a Roman Catholic religion, when Catholic doctrine was perfected, and when the "Virgin Mary" entered Catholicism to take the place of Jesus. Muhammad was outraged that the Christianity of Jesus had been obliterated by Catholicism! So he said this here in the Qur'an.
(3) "O Mary! Submit yourself to your Lord, bow down, and bow down with those who bow." This means: "O Mary (Mary), submit to your Lord, bow to the Christians who bow to you, bow to those who bow to you, and bow with them to God. You should not go into a Catholic church and accept the prostrations of "Christians" because you have not taught them to be Catholic Christians and you do not know what it is to be "the true way of Christ to heaven". You are just an ordinary housewife who raised Jesus. O Mary! You should submit to your Lord, go down to the temple and be your ordinary self. (4) O Mary! When the "Catholic Christians" bow down to you, bow down and return the bow, for you have not personally taught any doctrine of the return to heaven, nor have they "Christians" received any teaching from you. You should return the bow to those who bow to you, and you should bow to God with them. If you do not bow to the "Catholic Christians", and if you do not bow to them, and if you do not receive the respect of your descendants, then you have slain your innocence and tarnished your purity.

(5) The devil kidnapped Mary, the mother of Jesus, and made her "holy in the church of God", so that "Catholic Christians" would believe in (5) The devil kidnapped Mary, the mother of Jesus, and made her "holy in the Church of God" so that "Catholic Christians" would believe in the "Virgin Mary" and treat her with the same ritual of bowing and bowing as they do to God. This is not an act of deference to Mary; it is an act of the devil in which he slanders and insults the "common woman Mary". (6) To make the "Virgin Mary" sacred to the Catholic faith, in order to obliterate

This is how the demon "Ibrahim", the Christianity of Jesus, came to corrupt Christianity from within.

"The Signs of Allah": "Chapter 3, 70. O you who believe in the Scripture! Why do you disbelieve in the signs of Allah, when you know that they are true?" (1) "The signs of Allah" are the "teachings of Allah", the "unique teachings of Allah", the "signs of Allah" in the Book of Revelation, and the "signs of Allah" in the Book of Revelation. The eight signs of Christ are: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, hatred of the Nicolaitans, and a staff of iron. (2) "God's unique correction" is the correction that makes the disciple a Christ (the Son of God, the Holy One who is not different from God), that is, a disciple who has "eyes like fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the burning sun The Christ who hates the Nicolaitans and has been given a rod of iron". This teaching is the "unique way of return to heaven" that God has left to the world, also called "the true way of return to heaven that God has made Christ"; in short, "the true way of return to heaven". (3) Any teaching that does not allow a disciple to become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron" is not the unique "teaching of God". It is the work of a demonic group under the guise of Christianity, which is a pest.
(4) Why do you not believe in the signs? Because it is not yet time for the Last Judgement, because it is under the light of the New Moon, because the level of civilisation has not yet reached the 21st century Information Age, in short, it is because "The reason for this is that "the time for Allah's unification of the world is not yet at hand". (5) When the "time comes for Allah to unify the world", it will be time for the "Last Judgement", when the "Sunshine of the East" will dominate the world, and the five major religions of the world, namely "The five major religions of the world, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and Islam, have broken away from their single, closed models and have become "one family of five religions with one God". The "signs of God" became the core of the religious community, and Muslims came to believe in them.

"Chapter 3, 68. Allah is the Blessed One of the believers." (1) Those who were closest to Ibrahim were indeed those who obeyed him, and those who spoke and acted like this prophet were Jews, the opposite of those who believed in God's "infallible way of making man a Christ to heaven". (2) Those who were closest to Ibrahim were not those who obeyed him, but Christ, who saw him as a "devilish figure" and the "opposite" of God, and who opposed him as a "prophet" and regarded him as "ignorant". "It is the one who sees him as "ignorant", the one who believes in God's "infallible truth that makes a man a Christ to heaven".
(5) "God is the Blesser of the believers", the words of the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament, are the "ecstasy" given to believing Muslims by the devil, "Ibrahim". (6) Muslims who believe that the "Prophet of Judaism" in the Old Testament (6) If Muslims think that "Allah is the Blesser of the believers", it means that your imams are "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", and that you do not know what the Book of Revelation reveals about Allah's "infallible truth that makes men The true way of becoming Christ to heaven". If you knew what the Book of Revelation reveals about God's "infallible way of making man Christ's return to heaven", you would know that the "Blessed One of the believers" is not God at all, but the "believers "(7) Religion is a way of making the faithful into believers. (7) Religion is for the believers to become the bearers and guardians of God's "unfaithful way of making man the return of Christ to heaven", and for the believers to maintain God's "unfaithful way" from being corrupted by the devil as if they were dying. "It is for the believers to use their lives to attack the demons who have corrupted Allah's path, and thus to preserve the glory of Allah from being tarnished by the demons, not to make Allah the protector of the believers.

The "ecstasy" of Allah: Chapter 3: "84. Say: We are sure of Allah and of the revelations we have received, and of the revelations of Ibrahim, Isma'il, Ishaq, Yair Khobai and the tribes, and of the revelations of Musa, Ursa and the prophets, and of the classics given to them by their Lord. We do not discriminate against any of them, and we submit to Him alone." : (1) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. "Ishmael" is the son of "Abraham" called "Ishmael" who was born to Hagar the Egyptian, the second wife of "Abraham", who was then called "Abraham "Abraham" at that time was called "Abram", and these things are heard in the 16th chapter of Genesis. (2) Quote: "Ishmael" built the house of heaven with his father in Mecca, and lived there, and became its manager from generation to generation. Note: These stories about the "building of the house of heaven" are all lies of the Jewish devil.
(3) "Ishaq" is the Arabic transliteration. Ishaq in the Book of Genesis is Ibrahim's son (Abraham's son the Isaac)

The second son of the late Isaac (the second son of Isaac) and the brother of Ishmael. (4) Citation: Some people believe that "Eshaq" is the "Isaac" of the Book of Genesis, but Muslim commentators do not consider it appropriate to equate the two exactly. Note: This is the Jewish devil spreading "ecstasy" to keep us from distinguishing right from wrong; the "Muslim commentators" have the same tone as the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament. The "Muslim commentators" have the same tone as the "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament.

(5) "Yaqub", the Arabic transliteration of "Jacob" in Genesis, was the grandson of Ibrahim and the son of Ezra Hagar. If you read the book of Genesis, you will know that Jacob was a liar and a cheat. (6) "Musa" is the "Moses" of the Book of Exodus. "(6) "Moses" is the "Moses" of the Book of Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, a demon who has been a scourge for ages. It is a literary creation by God of a "devilish figure" with the aim of creating "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron".

(6) "Ursa" is the Jesus who founded Christianity and overthrew Judaism with the New Testament. The overthrow of Judaism by Jesus is found in Matthew 23, where Jesus calls the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" because the Jews did not see that the Old Testament was a literary creation of God using "reverse thinking" and could not be understood in a "straightforward" way. The Jews did not see that the Old Testament was a "demonic image" created by God in a "reverse literary way" and could not be understood in a "straightforward" way. Jesus, having understood the Old Testament, launched an attack on Judaism in order to save the Jewish people who had gone astray, causing great panic in Judaism, and they crucified Jesus, exposing Judaism even more as a devilish group of murderers.

(7) "We do not discriminate against any of them, but we submit to him" is a "test question" from Allah, a "spellbinder" from Allah to confuse the Muslims who read the Bible and dare not point out that the "Jewish prophet" who crucified Jesus is a devil, and thus be eliminated and reduced to a devilish minion who does not distinguish between right and wrong and who is a falsehood. This is God's "test", God's "ecstasy", to confuse Muslims who read the Bible and dare not point out that the "Jewish prophets" who crucified Jesus are evil, so that they will be eliminated and become minions in the devil's cave, unable to distinguish between right and wrong, and taking falsehood for truth.

( 8 ) "Israel" is the "Jacob" (Yerushalayim) of the first book of the Bible, the Book of Genesis. If you read Genesis 15 to 21 calmly, you will see that "Jacob's" grandfather was the notoriously ignorant and stupid "Abraham" (Ibrahim). (9) The father of "Jacob" (Yerushalayim) was "Isaac" (Eskhag), of whom Genesis 26 tells us that "Isaac was deceived and blamed" and chapter 27 tells us that "Isaac is deceived by Jacob", chapter 28 "Jacob the liar meets Satan the devil", chapter 29 "Jacob is deceived into giving birth to a son", and chapter 30 "Jacob Deceives His Maternal Uncle", Chapter 31 "Jacob the Robber Escapes", Chapter 32 "Wisdom Over Fear is Israel", Chapter 33 "Jacob is not the sign of Israel", chapter 34 on "Jacob's son's brutal murder", chapter 35 on "Israel" as " Satan's demons", chapter 36 tells us that "Esau" is far from "Israel", chapter 47 tells us that "Israel will carry on Satan's teachings forever Chapter 48 tells us that "Jacob plundered Joseph's sons and property", chapter 49 tells us that "Jacob exposed his family", and chapter 50 tells us that "evil is in Jacob's DNA". "(10) In short, the book of Genesis is a collection of books on the subject. (10) In short, the core of Genesis is the representation of the "devil's image" through the farce staged by the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim), in order to let everyone recognize the true nature of the devil "Ibrahim The purpose is to make everyone see the devil "Ibrahim" for what he really is and to turn away from his indoctrination so as to be safe from him. Whoever in future generations can see that the Book of Genesis is a literary method in which God uses "reverse thinking" to show that the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are "demons", is "Christ, who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". If one follows a "straightforward" approach to understanding and practising the Old Testament, one becomes a Jew, a purely demonic "Ibrahim".

Published by Li Huaiju on 4 October 2017Edited 24 June 2018 in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei









Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







