The True Exposition of the Qur'an Chapter 3 The Family of Yimran (142-144) The Righteous Who Fear Not Death is Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (142) The strivers and the perseverers will be admitted to the Paradise of the rivers.
142: "Do you think that you have entered Paradise before Allah has judged the striving and the persevering among you?" : (1) This is a "test" from Allah. It is not that "Allah has not yet selected the striving and the persevering among you", but that He has already done so, and it is you Muslims who have not selected who among you are the striving and the persevering. (2) Whoever of you is a striving person or a persevering person is a god sent by Allah to the world, and because they have sacrificed their lives for righteousness, they will eventually enter the Paradise of the rivers. (3) Whoever of you is not a striving person and a persevering person is a bastard sent by the devil to the world, for they are mostly conservative and cannot sacrifice their lives for righteousness, but can only live a life of desperation, so they will not enter the Paradise of the Rivers, but will go to the Fire.

The righteous man who gives up his life for righteousness is a Christ like Jesus.
143. "Indeed, you wished for death before you met it; now you have indeed seen it with your own eyes." : (1) The overthrow of the devil's group to achieve national liberation will involve bloodshed and sacrifice, and there will be people who will suffer death from the wounds of the devil. "You have indeed wished for death before you have met it" means that you have "returned as though you had died", and such a person is a righteous person who has given up his life for righteousness, a Christ like Jesus. (2) Now that you have indeed seen death with your own eyes, it means that a revolutionary battle has taken place to overthrow a demonic group, and that a demon and a revolutionary have died. (3) The revolutionary who dies to overthrow the demonic group completes his mission and returns to God, for he is the God of Heaven who was born for the revolution. The demon who was killed suffered a heavenly retribution and went to the Fire.

True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (144) After the death of Muhammad, which faction was the apostate within Islam?
144. "Muhammad was but a messenger, and many messengers before him, indeed, have passed away; and if he had died in sickness or in battle, would you have apostatised? Those who apostatize must not harm Allah one iota. Allah will reward those who are grateful." : (1) Muhammad is only one of the messengers of Allah, and all Muslims who obey him are messengers of Allah. There were many messengers who, in order to overthrow the devil's group, did accomplish their mission and died of illness or death in battle after being wounded. (2) If Muhammad had died in sickness or in battle, would you have to apostatise? After the death of Muhammad, Islam split into Shia and Sunni, which is a sign of apostasy. Which faction is the true apostate? Let us see who of these two factions is holding fast to the Word of God, and we will know who is the apostate.
(3) Quote: Muhammad died in 632 AD, when he left no will to arrange who would be the caliph, i.e. the successor, nor did he speak of the form in which the caliph would be elected. According to the Arab tradition, the leader was chosen from among men of prestige in the upper echelons of the tribe. However, the commune Muhammad built included many tribes, so which tribe had priority? After consultation, Abu Bakr, Umar and Uthman were chosen as the first three caliphs. The name "Sunni" means "Sunnah and the masses", which means "those who follow tradition" in Arabic. The Caliph is democratically elected or negotiated and is the earthly agent of the Messenger of Allah, the Absolute Sovereign, and only a highly respected, righteous, pious and learned Muslim is eligible for election. The people are obliged to obey the Caliph and not to raise an army in rebellion.
Note: Did you see that? "The leaders of the Sunnis are chosen from among the powerful men of the tribal hierarchy, who must be powerful and wealthy, and not necessarily those who "stick to the path of the Lord". The Sunnis were therefore basically in a similar position to the Catholics, in the nature of a "papacy". The fact that "the people are obliged to obey the caliph and not to revolt" is to preserve the divine image of the "dictator", which is the image of the devil who cannot be violated, and which shows the devil's dominance and weakness of mind. The Sunnis are the largest sect of Islam, accounting for around 90% of the world's Muslims. The followers of this sect are mainly found in Arab countries as well as in Turkey, India and Malaysia.
(4) "Shia" means "follower" or "faction, cohort" in Arabic. This sect believes that only Ali and his direct descendants from the Hashemite family (i.e. the Holy Family) are the legitimate heirs of Muhammad, and denies the legitimacy of the first three caliphs, Abu Bakr, Umar and Uthman. The sect is currently found in Iran, Iraq, India, Pakistan, Yemen, Syria, Lebanon, Afghanistan, Turkey, Bahrain and other countries. "The main branches of Shi'ism are the Twelve Imams, the Ismailis and the Planters. The Twelve Imams revere Ali and twelve of his direct descendants as "Imams" (meaning "guides" in Arabic), emphasising that the true will of Allah must be embodied in a particular person, with particular emphasis on the unparalleled authority of this particular person, the unique leader being the "Imam" who saves the world and saves people. ". The former religious leader of Iran, Khomeini, belonged to this school. Note: Do you see? Allah's will is manifested in the Imam through his unique power that no one else can do, which means that the Imam in Shi'ism is a person like Muhammad. "He is the only true imam authorized by God to teach among the hosts, and he is the one who "holds fast to the way of the Lord".
(5) Those who "hold fast to the way of the Lord" are never in the minority. The apostates have always been the powerful and the rich, and because the powerful and the rich have great influence, they are the majority. Although they are in the majority, they cannot harm Allah in any way, for He is the sovereign ruler of the universe. "When the Last Judgement opens, Allah will make the strongest apostates weaker, and the weakest "stick to the path" stronger. (6) The powerful and wealthy, who have been given more money and power in the name of Allah, do not allow Muslims to become Christians, but they make them minions of the devil's cave, who only "worship and pray", and they are "Ibrahim" who serve the devil. They are the "Ibrahim" who serve the devil, thanking him outwardly for his gifts and in their hearts for making his greed a reality. Allah will reward those who thank her, and will reward those who thank the devil. Everyone will see the present Christ after the opening of the Last Judgement, when Allah will reward the righteous who thank Him for the gift of the "Unseen Truth". The overthrow of the powerful devilish group by the revolutionaries is the reward of Allah for those who thank the devil for what he deserves.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 15 January 2018 07:50 10:08 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









