The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (164) Religion as a "Ship" to bring people back to Heaven
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (164) "Signs" are images used "metaphorically and figuratively"
164: "And the creation of the heavens and the earth, and the rotation of the day and the night, and the ships that facilitate navigation, and the rain that Allah sends down from the clouds, through which He revives the dead earth, and spreads over the earth all kinds of animals, and the change of the winds, and the clouds that restrain the heavens and the earth, there are indeed many signs in them for those who can understand." (1) God is the infinite vacuum, the O, and the O is the One True Way. The O is the only true Word. Allah created the heavens and the earth, and from the One came the Two. The heavens are high and distant, the yang of clarity. The earth is under the feet, a heavy yin. Without people, even if there were a heaven and earth, no one would know about it. Man is the "three" born out of the "heaven and earth". This is how "Tao gives birth to one, one to two, two to three, and three to everything". (2) The day is warm and gives birth to the Yang, the Christ, of all things. The night is the yin, the devil, who is cold, stops growing and dies. "The cycle of day and night" shows that "yin and yang" are opposites, that they are in opposition to each other, that they are the opposite of each other, and that "birth, old age, sickness and death" are the laws of the universe.
(3) The "ship that facilitates navigation" is a tool to bring people to the other side, and religion is a tool for God to bring people to the other side to become the "ship" of Christ. The world is a vast sea of people, and the religious world, mixed with the "Ibrahim", is a vast sea of law. Religious denominations are the instruments of the "ships" called "ships of the law". (4) The human "soul" (spirituality, sexuality) is the "child of Allah" who is with Allah in Paradise, and because of the need to make this world a "paradise on earth", Allah has Allah has made the "children of Allah", who have their own specialities, to come from Paradise to the world as new individuals, "born in the womb". What we were in Paradise is what we are in this life. In order to bring the "children of God" back to Paradise, God sent His Messenger to set up a religion as a "ship" to bring people back to Heaven. There are different religions because of the differences in the types of people and their languages and scripts. Although the names of the religions set up by God are different, they all have the same purpose; although the texts of their teachings are different, they all have the same meaning, which is to restore the "soul" of the believer to the state of "soul" (son of God, spirituality, sex) after a specific training in this life. (5) Anyone who does not restore the believer to the realm of the "soul" (Son of God, spirituality, nature) in this life is to be restored to his original nature as Christ.
(5) Any sect that does not allow the believer to regain his original state of Christ (the Son of God) and to become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is not the true way of God, but is a devilish "Ibrahim" who leads the believer to hell under the guise of God. They are all devils who, under the guise of Allah, mislead their followers into hell. The sects that make their followers practise the "Law of Works", such as "chanting hymns and prayers, doing charity, and worshipping with devotion", are the "pirate ships" of the devil "Ibrahim" heading for hell under the guise of Allah. The "pirate ship" of the devil, "Ibrahim", in the guise of Allah, is heading for hell. The "works of art", such as "chanting hymns and prayers, doing charity, and worshipping with devotion", are all magic to erase the true nature of the "sons of God" and are the devil's way of making believers "play with things". They are all toys for the devil to make his followers "play with things", and they are all means for the devil to abuse his minions. (6) For no "ship" can cross the sea to the other shore, and no "sect" (ship, law ship) can become Christ back to heaven. You cannot get to the other shore without getting off the ship, and you cannot walk on the ship without getting off the ship. If one does not know what the other shore is and how to get there, one will "die on the ship and be buried in the sea of law" because one does not know where the other shore is, and not only will one not reach heaven, but will go to hell. Therefore, the first thing to know about religion is what the "ship" (dharma ship) and the other shore are.
(7) After believing in religion, one learns from the Messenger of God that "those who believe in religion are beings, and the sons of God do not believe in religion". In order to become a son of God and to recover the true nature of the son of God, one must not believe in religion. Not to believe in religion is to "abandon the ship and go ashore" and become a "son of God". This process of coming into religion and then coming out of religion is the process of "abandoning the ship and going ashore" to become a "son of God". (8) A person who becomes a "son of God" by abandoning his religion and disembarking from it lacks the evidence and confidence to become a "son of God". By revealing the true nature of the devil (the law of works) in the words and deeds of God's "law of nothingness", the true nature of the "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron" is revealed. The evidence of being "the Son of God, restored to his true nature". This method is the "unique and correct method" of God, also known as the "non-dual method of seeing one's own nature", and is the Buddhist "cultivation of the nature" (cultivation of the soul).
(9) Human beings use semen to reproduce, so the "soul" of this life is the "essence" that manifests itself. This is the real "worship", in which the essence is gathered and transformed into qi through "internal practice of one breath", so that the "soul" (spirituality, sexuality) can fly out of the body as a foundation. This is what Jesus said in the book of Revelation: "20:3 Cast into the bottomless pit, close it and seal it with a seal, so that it will not confuse the nations again. And when the thousand years are finished, then it must be released for a time. "Worship is the Taoist method of "cultivating one's life" (cultivating one's soul). The "cultivation of life" and the "cultivation of sex" (cultivation of the soul) must be carried out at the same time, and one cannot be missing. (10) When the believer has gathered his essence and transformed his qi through "internal practice", the "soul" (spirituality, sexuality) is ready to fly out of the body; the "soul of life" is manifested The original face of "Christ, who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a staff of iron" shows that the "soul" has reached the realm of the "spirit"; at this time At this point, when Allah nudged the believer's head, the door of heaven (fontanel) above the believer's head was opened, and the believer's "soul" flew out of the body and was seen by the believer's "soul", and the believer knew that he had descended from this angel.
(11) Having seen his own "soul", the "soul" is united with the "life-soul", and the "soul" becomes the core of the "life-soul". The "soul" becomes the core of the "soul of life" without being visible (completing the "unity of heaven and man"), and the "soul of life" has a "soul". The "soul" has the ability to see all of heaven, because it is the same as the heavenly beings; it can also see all kinds of demons and monsters in their true colours. The human body in this life has miraculous powers, and it has the power to heal the sick and to save others, proving itself to be the Christ of this world. (12) If one does not fall away during one's lifetime, if one has done what is wrong, and if one has done what Jesus did, as if he had died, one can return to heaven after completing his mission. Although the scriptures of the various religions of the world are different, they all mean the same thing, for all mankind is one "God, heaven and earth", and all are children of God.
(13) The universal tradition of Buddhism is the method of "cultivating the nature" (cultivating the soul), while the "internal training of the breath" for "cultivating the life" was passed on from Sakyamuni to Dhamma by only 28 people. After 960 it was replaced by the magic of "burning incense and kowtowing", and Buddhism became a devilish group like "Christian Islam". This means that Buddhism, the "Dharma boat", has fulfilled its historical mission, and this is the fortune of Buddhism. The followers of Taoism, which is recognized by the Chinese state, are also a devilish group that "burns incense and kowtows to the gods to enrich themselves", just like Buddhism, which means that Taoism, the "dharma boat", has fulfilled its historical mission. (14) Because the masters of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Christianity and Islam are all thousands of years old, they are all the elites of their time, thousands of years ago. After thousands of years of development of human society, the single ancient law is no longer applicable to the "globalized modern man", and religious reform has become an imperative in all countries of the world. The religions that have been handed down in various countries for thousands of years are like a "wooden ship" that has not been electrified and has become a stubborn obstacle to the "globalisation" of mankind, a shackle that has imprisoned the minds of modern man. There is really no need for it to continue to exist. In short, the ancient law does not apply to the present. Today's modern man needs a "holistic and complex" education to improve his state of being. It would be an extreme step backwards to allow modern, highly qualified people to study the religions of thousands of years ago. The "Judgement of Doom" has already begun in full force. The religion of the future will be one of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Christianity and Islam", with each religious person being an all-round master of the "five religions". "This is the religion of the 21st century, which will truly enhance the spirituality of mankind.

(15) God sends down rain from the clouds, through which the plants and seeds that have roots are brought back to life on the dead earth. But rain cannot bring back rootless plants and stunted seeds. Just as there are new things in the world all the time, so when there are new sects of God in the world, there are those who still dwell on the ancient religions, like drug addicts, who are "addicted" to drugs. They are like drug addicts, "alcoholics". They are the "rootless grass and stunted seeds", the devils who carry on the teachings of the devil "Ibrahim", who are indifferent to the "rain" of the new sects. (16) "The earth is scattered with all kinds of animals", which shows the diversity of the animal world, that only a small part of it can be seen by man, that things do not cease to exist because man cannot see them, and that man must know what distinguishes animals from man. If man does not listen to advice and has no wisdom, he is worse than a beast, and will lose the qualification to be a human being and become a beast. In fact, every animal's "soul" is a human being, but in its previous life it was a "sinner" and not an ordinary human being. In their previous lives, they were not wise, they were not knowledgeable, they did not know that they were "sons of God" who had descended to the human world, they had blind faith, they did not cherish their human bodies, and they were minions who were misled by the devil "Ibrahim" to "bow down and worship". He is a slave who has been misled by the devil "Ibrahim" into "kowtowing and worshipping", and because he has committed the mortal sin of "slandering God" by passing on magic, he has lost his body in this life and has become a beast "on all fours" (like a human being kowtowing and worshipping). Those who do not know shame, who have no shame, and who cannot repent are worse than beasts, and they will become all kinds of beasts in the Hereafter.
(17) "The change in the direction of the wind" is due to the difference in time. It is normal for the direction of the wind to change because of the difference in time. It is not normal for the wind to change because of the difference in time, but it does not change. There are also different sects in the world because of the difference in time between ancient times and today. A new doctrine of denomination is a new "wind" of the time, a new trend of the times. It is not normal for modern man, who is highly "globalised", to accept the single religion of the ancients of thousands of years ago, without changing the "wind" as human civilisation progresses, which is contrary to the laws of the universe, against the grain of heaven, and to be overthrown by the This is an anomaly, contrary to the laws of the universe, against the grain of heaven and to be overthrown by revolutionaries. (18) There are no "restrained clouds" in the sky, because clouds are fluid and changeable. The "clouds of restraint in heaven and earth" are not in the sky, but are created by the ignorance of men who are restrained by men. Those in religious communities who play with the "works" of "chanting hymns and prayers, devotions" and so on are "clouds of restraint in heaven and earth", because they are subject to the devil's influence. "The clouds of darkness, darkness, darkness, evil, devilishness, self-deceiving words and deeds, and words and deeds of confession of sins.

Li Huaizhu Published on 25 November 2017 18:00 26 11:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (160-163) Judaism, which Jesus rebuked, is a devilish group
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The righteous who "break the path of evil" are the Christ who clarifies the truth.
160. "But those who repent of their sins and set forth the truth, We will forgive them. I am the most forgiving, the most merciful." (1) Using the Gospel of Matthew 23 from the Bible, Jesus tells the world that the words and actions of Jesus in calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" are Jesus' words and actions that expose the true nature of the devil's group to set out the "right way" for the world. "This is Jesus demonstrating what it means to "follow the right way" by his words and deeds of "breaking the evil way", showing that Jesus was the revolutionary who used Christianity to overthrow the demonic group of Judaism; Jesus is a model for all religious people in the world Jesus is a model for all the religions of the world, and no religious person can return to heaven without the words and deeds of Jesus, but is a devilish "ebbo" in the guise of God. "The people of Christianity and Islam who have such words and deeds are "those who repent of their sins and clarify the truth" and God "will forgive them" for all their previous sins. If the people of Christianity and Islam do not do so, they are not "repentant and truthful" and God will not "forgive them" all their previous sins. (2) The "Pharisees" whom Jesus rebuked were the Jews who practised the Old Testament, and if "Christianity and Islam" cannot include the family of "Abraham" ( If "Christianity and Islam" cannot classify the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in Genesis as "representatives of the devil", it does not give Jesus a reasonable characterisation as a revolutionary who used Christianity to overthrow the devilish group of Judaism, that the crucifixion of Jesus was not justified, and that Jesus was not the Christ who returned to heaven. If Jesus was the Christ who returned to heaven, then Jesus was the revolutionary who used Christianity to overthrow the devilish group of Judaism, and the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in Genesis should be classified as "representatives of the devil", because Jesus rebuked the The Judaizers inherited the indoctrination of the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim).
(3) The Old Testament can be a classic of the faith of "Christianity and Islam", but the "Jewish prophets" are all teaching materials that show the "devil's image", and are not the object of study at all. The family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) must not be considered as "saints" alongside Jesus. Jesus is a "saint" in heaven, the family of Abraham and all the Jewish prophets are criminals in hell. "The people of Christianity and Islam are "repentants of their sins and clarifiers of the truth", and God "will forgive them" for all their previous sins. If the people of Christianity and Islam do not do so, they are not "repentant and truthful" and Allah will not "forgive them" for all their previous sins. (4) "Those who repent of their sins and clarify the truth", Allah is "Most Forgiving, Most Merciful". Those who do not repent of their sins and do not clarify the truth, Allah will not forgive them, and they will be rejected by Him.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (161) Those who do not know that Judaism is a devilish group are the disbelievers.
161: "He who disbelieves all his life and dies without believing will be forsaken by Allah and will be cursed by the God of heaven and all mankind." (1) He who does not position Jesus as a revolutionary who overthrows the devilish group of Judaism with Christianity, who does not consider "the Jewish prophet and Judaism" as "the devil and the devilish group", and who thinks this way until his death, is not only He who does not see the Jewish prophets and Judaism as "devils and devilish groups", and who thinks in this way until his death, is not only "a man who has not believed in the way of God all his life and will die without believing in it", but also "a man who has not known the way of God all his life and will die without knowing it". "(2) This is because in their previous lives they were not aware of the "righteousness" of Allah, and they were minions in the devil's cave who drank the "ecstasy" of the devil, Ibrahim. (2) This is because they did not do good deeds in their previous lives. If they were deceivers in their previous lives, they will be deceived in this life. This is the law of the universe that "good is rewarded with good and evil is rewarded with evil".
(3) Jesus is the God of heaven who sees death as a reward, and the Jews whom Jesus rebuked were "lifelong disbelievers and dying disbelievers". (4) Those who mutilate animals for "burnt offerings" and those who "eat meat, steal, commit adultery, lie and drink wine" are "lifelong disbelievers who will die without believing". How can they be "saints"? How can they be "saints"? They are rightly subject to "the rejection of God and the curse of the gods and of all mankind".

162. "They will remain in the Fire forever, without remission or clemency." (1) Those who do not repent of their sins and do not clarify the truth, Allah will not forgive them, but they will remain in the Fire forever. (2) Those who, under the guise of Allah, do not allow Muslims to become Christ (the children of Allah) and make them minions of the devil in the cave of "pious worship", and cut off their way back to heaven and make them live in vain and go back to the cycle of reincarnation, such "imams" are devils! "They will live forever in the Fire, without remission or clemency. (3) For example, the ancient "prophet" was a demon-possessed man who wrote scriptures in the name of God that reduced people to slavery, the very opposite of what it means to be a Christian. The ancient "prophet" is still brutalising modern man, and he will have to increase his sentence accordingly, and there will never be a day when he is out of prison. He will not be released from prison until his evil theories are disproved by the modern generation and no one else passes on his verses, so that he can no longer harm people.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (163), which seals in the heart the "unique truth of the righteousness of the law", becomes the Christ.
163. "And He whom you worship is the only Lord, and there is none to be worshipped save Him, and He is the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful." (1) "God" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the source of all life, the infinite vacuum, the One whom you should worship, the only Lord. (2) When you are "thoughtless, innocent and mindless", this is the true state and way of worshipping God, and when the one and only God is your Lord, which is the manifestation of being in Paradise. When you do it deliberately in order to achieve your goal, it is the opposite of "thoughtlessness, innocence and heartlessness", the realm and way of worshipping the devil, when you are dominated by all kinds of devils, when you are abused by all kinds of devils, and when you are in the Hell of Fire.
(3) "Praising God, worshipping God" and so on are all man-made methods of creation, and are all "works of creation" that have birth and death. When you practise any of the "laws of works", you are doing it deliberately, which is the opposite of "thoughtlessness, innocence and mindlessness", which is the realm and way of worshipping the devil, when you are dominated by all kinds of devils, and when you are abused by all kinds of devils. It is the time when you are dominated by all kinds of devils, when you are abused by all kinds of devils, and when you are in the Hell of Fire. (4) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and is the ultimate vacuum, and only the "law of lawlessness" (the law of inaction) is right. Apart from this one method, all the "laws of being" are wrong magic, and this is the "truth that the right law is unique". This is the "unique truth of the righteousness of the law", which is imprinted in the heart as a yardstick to determine "the righteousness of the way and the evil, Christ and the devil". "(5) God is "the only one who is the only one".
(5) God is "the only Lord; there is nothing to be worshipped but Him", and "God" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the infinite vacuum, so that only "Therefore, only the "law of lawlessness" (the law of nothingness) is right, and all "laws of being" except this one are wrong magic. This is the truth that the right Dharma is unique. This is the "unique truth of the right way", which is imprinted in the heart as a yardstick to determine "the right way from the wrong way, Christ from the devil", and to distinguish "the right way from the wrong way, Christ from the devil". "Then they will be "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". Do you understand, brother Muslims? (6) If you break the devil's "law" with God's "law of nothingness", you will become "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". If you complete your mission as Jesus did, you will become the God of Heaven, and you will understand what the "Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate God" is.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 25 November 2017 15:55 18:00 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











