The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (246) The main way of the Jews is the devil's way
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(246) No Israelite who believes in Judaism is a good person, and the prophets of Judaism are all devils, "Ibrahim".
246. "Do you not know the leaders of the Israelites after the death of Musa? At that time they said to a prophet of the same tribe, "Please make us a king, and we will fight for the Lord." He said, "If fighting becomes customary for you, will you not fight?" They said, "How can we not fight for the Lord when we have been driven from our homeland by the enemy and our fathers and sons have been separated?" When fighting had become their custom, they disobeyed the command with the exception of a few. Allah is All-Knowing of the unrighteous." (1) "Musa" is the "Moses" of the books of Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, and he is the author of these four books and is a pure devil, "Ibrahim He was the author of these four books, a pure devil, "Ibrahim". Allah made him the main character of the Old Testament in order to show the world what a devil "Ibrahim" is. Whoever knows that "Moses" is the devil "Ibrahim" becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron". If one does not know that "Moses" is the devil "Ibrahim", and still follows the scriptures left by "Moses" in the Old Testament, he becomes a believer in "Moses". Moses" is the devil "Ibrahim". (2) In Matthew 23, Jesus rebuked the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" because the Jews had misinterpreted the Old Testament and did not know that God was showing the devil "Ibrahim" through the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament. (3) The Ninth Book of the Old Testament
(3) The ninth book of the Old Testament, 1 Samuel chapter 8 (8:1-5) When Samuel was old, he made his sons teachers of Israel. The name of the eldest son was Joel, and the name of the second son was Abiathar, and they served as teachers in Beersheba. His sons did not practice his ways, but were greedy for money, and took bribes, and perverted righteousness. The elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." (8:19-20) The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will want a king to rule over us, so that we may be like the nations, with a king to rule over us and rule over us and fight for us." (4) The Israelites wanted "a king to rule over us, to have dominion over us and to fight for us", not "Please make a king for us and we will fight for the Lord." To solve this problem, we need to understand the situation of the Israelites at that time, and without knowing the situation of the Israelites at that time, we cannot really solve this problem. From "Moses" to "Samuel", the Israelites were a "secular" political system, and the "Jewish prophets The "Jewish prophets" were the "church and state popes" of the Israelites. Whichever "prophet" was giving orders to Israel under the guise of God, was satisfying the selfish desire to "fight for the priesthood" under the guise of "fighting for the Lord", and therefore The Israelites were tired of the devilish lies of the prophets and wanted to replace the "papacy" with a "kingship".
(5) "Make us a king and we will fight for the Lord", because the Israelites knew that the "prophets" were actually "fighting for the Lord" under the guise of "fighting for the Word". This is because the Israelites knew that the "prophets" were actually "fighting for the prophets" under the guise of "fighting for the Lord", which means that the "Lord's way" of the Jewish "prophets" is false, a demonic way under the guise of "the Lord's way". "It is a tool to defend the rule of the "prophets" over the people, and it shows that the "prophets" are the spokesmen of the devil. This means that the "prophets" are the devil's spokesmen and that the "prophets" are the devil's "Ibrahim". Therefore, the Israelites wanted "a king to rule over us, to rule over us and to fight for us". (6) Muslim brothers, do you understand? Allah made the Qur'an contain the stories of the Old Testament so that Muslims would know that the "prophet of Judaism" is the true face of the devil, "Ibrahim". If you do not know that the Jewish "prophet" is the devil "Ibrahim", then you do not understand the meaning of the words "Make us a king and we will fight for the Lord". The meaning of the words If Muslims had understood the meaning of the phrase "Make us a king and we will fight for the Lord", they would have known that the Jewish "prophets" were the devil "Ibrahim". (7) "They said, "Let us make a king for us.
(7) "They said, "We have been driven out of our homeland by our enemies, and our fathers and sons have been separated", but this was the result of "fighting for the Lord". For their enemy was not a foreigner, but their own "prophet", for the "prophet" was Israel's "pope of the church and state", a demon-possessed "In addition to abusing God with burnt offerings, the prophets' perverse words and actions led to their "expulsion from their homeland by their enemies and the separation of their fathers and sons". "Under the guise of "fighting for the Lord", the prophets "fought for the Prophet", which led to their "expulsion from their homeland and the separation of their fathers and sons". (8) The Israelites used the term "prophet" to describe the "prophets". (8) The Israelites replaced the "papacy" with a "kingship", and when it became customary for kings to lead the battle, they disobeyed the "prophetic" command, with the exception of a few. "orders". This is why the Old Testament contains the "scandal of the kings", because in the Old Testament compiled by the later "prophets", kings were the public enemies who took away the power of the "prophets". (9 December 19:00)

(8) "Allah is all-knowing of the unrighteous", and the common man is not wise enough to know what the righteous and the unrighteous are, so that the world may know what the righteous and the unrighteous are. And in order that the world might become wise, God made Cain and Abel "the righteous and the unrighteous" in the Book of Genesis, and gave the criteria for "the righteous and the unrighteous", and the standard for "the righteous and the unrighteous". It also describes in detail the criteria of the righteous and the unrighteous, and the attitude of God towards them and their end. (9) If one reads the Bible and does not know that the criteria for the righteous and the unrighteous, and God's attitude towards them, are found in Genesis 4, such people are demon-possessed, or pure demonic "Ibrahim". Those who read the Bible and do not know that "Cain and Abel" are the standard set by God for "the righteous and the unrighteous" are either devil-possessed minions or pure devil "Ibrahim". (10) Read our commentary on the Qur'an.
(10) After reading our explanation of "the righteous and the unrighteous", you have come to realize that the Jewish "burnt offerings" are the words and actions of the devil insulting God, and that Judaism is a devilish group, and that you are the Christ who has escaped from the devil's cave and whose eyes are like flames. (11) The family of Abraham (Ibrahim), the first "prophet" in the Bible, and the Jewish people today are all members of the same devilish group, "Ibrahim", who mislead those who believe in God to hell under the guise of God. "They are all "unrighteous people".
(12) The Jewish "prophets" of the Old Testament are the "counterfactuals" of God's way of telling us what the "unrighteous" do and say. "They are the "living targets and companions" for the "Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron". If you know that Allah has said that "Abraham" is a prophet ordained by Allah, and you ignore their ignorant and ugly words and deeds, and you classify them as "saints of the Islamic faith "You are the devil's "Ibrahim" who misinterpreted the scriptures and were eliminated by Allah's "word-barrier". (13) Religion is a "ship" that takes people to heaven to become Christ, and if you do not "get off the ship and go to the other side" to become Christ, you will surely die on the "ship" because you do not know where the other side is, and you will be buried in the sea of law. If you do not "get off the ship and go to the other side" and become Christ, you must die on the "ship" because you do not know where the other side is and are buried in the sea of law. Religion is a "double-edged sword". If you cannot be converted into Christ and go to heaven, you will become the devil "Ibrahim" and go to hell.
(14) There is no such thing as being a sinless human being who has not become Christ in heaven. (15) Israelites who do not believe in Judaism are good people. Just because Judaism is a devilish group does not mean that Jews are not good. The Jewish prophets and the disciples who promote Judaism are all devilish "ebbs and flows". The world cannot live without them, and without them Christ cannot be fulfilled. The devil, "Ibrahim", is immortal.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 9 December 2017 17:40 10:00 Edited on Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









