The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3 The Yellow Cow (260-263) became the Christ, the one who raises the dead
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (260) The life-soul of man is raised to Paradise after the death of the human body, and this is how Allah raises the dead.
260. "Then Ibrahim said: O my Lord! Show me how You raise the dead. Allah said: Do you not believe? He said: Otherwise, (I ask for an experiment) so that my heart may be settled. Allah says: Take four birds and make them incline towards you, then place some of them on each mountain, then call to them and they will fly to you. And know that Allah is the All-Merciful, the Most Wise." (1) The fact that the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim) did not know "how to raise the dead" shows that the title of "prophet" given to him by God was a joke on him and that He was not a "prophet" at all, but an "ignoramus". If Ibrahim had been a Christ like Jesus, he would have known "how to raise the dead" and would not have asked God to "show me how you raise the dead". (2) If you look at the New Testament, you will see that Jesus never said anything like this, which means that the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) cannot be included with Jesus as "saints of the Islamic faith".
(3) "Take four birds and make them incline towards you" means: take four birds and feed them yourself so that they may know you, be familiar with your voice, depend on you and incline towards you. Then, place some of them on each hill and, when you call to them, they will come to you from four different directions. In the same way that you were minions of "devotions and prayers" during your life, and you were familiar with the habits of those "works" during your life, you will be accustomed to doing those words and acts after your death, and if you were to go to heaven without those "works If you were to go to heaven without those "lessons" you would not fit in and you would leave there. (4) In life you were a servant who "worshipped and prayed with devotion", but after death you will only go to hell where you will be tried and become a criminal who kneels down and "confesses his sins and prays to Allah for forgiveness". This situation is summed up in a succinct phrase: if you want to know the consequences of your body, you have to be the author of it in life. This means that if you want to know where you go after death and what your final outcome will be, just look at what you did while you were alive.
(5) By becoming a disciple of Christ, through systematic study, one soon becomes "a son of God whose eyes are as a flame of fire and who has received a rod of iron" and does not fall during his lifetime, and one's life soul is resurrected to heaven after the death of the human body, and this is how God raises the dead. (6) The "son of God who has eyes like fire and has received the iron rod" has been restored to his true nature as an angel "like God", and it is impossible for his soul to go to the Fire after death. Only those who do their prayers and worship as a matter of duty will go to hell.
(7) Allah is the Mighty, the Wise. What about you? You Muslims cannot understand that the family of Abraham (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis is the "opposite" of Allah's creation, nor do you know that Allah has used "reverse thinking "This shows that none of your "Muslim scribes" is "the Almighty, the Wise "This means that none of you have accepted the infallible teachings of Allah, and that you have been in the error created by the "blind guides" for a long time. (8) We are all children of God, and we too can become "the Almighty, the Wise", provided that we do not fail to learn this and that, not only from the Islamic world, but also from the East and from China. If you learn everything, you will know everything, and you will become "all-powerful and wise". If one is not accustomed to the light of the crescent moon and does not receive the sunlight of the East, one will not become "the Almighty and the Wise" and will not be a "child of Allah". If they do not receive the sunlight of the East, they will not be "the wise", they will not be "the children of God", they will be frogs in a well, and they will be minions of the devil, "Ibrahim".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (261) "Those who give away property for the sake of the devil" are all minions of the devil and are guilty of aiding and abetting the evil one.
261. "He who gives to the Lord his property is like (a farmer who sows) a grain of seed and sends forth seven ears, each bearing a hundred grains. Allah doubles the reward of those whom He wills, and Allah is Forgiving, All-Knowing." (1) "The Way of the Lord" is the unfailing truth that God has made man a Christ to heaven. The sect that makes man "a son of God with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is the only "Lord's way". (2) Anything that does not make a person a Christ is not the true path of God, but a "devilish path" under the guise of "the path of the Lord". All sects that make people "worship and pray" are those that do not make people Christlike, those that make people slaves, and those that are not the true way of God, but are the "devil's way" under the guise of "the way of the Lord". They are all "devils" in the guise of "the way of the Lord". (3) The sects that make people "swirlers of salutations, pious abiders, and bowers of heads" are not the infallible truth of God, but are the "devil's way" under the guise of "the Lord's way". (4) A sect that does not observe the five precepts of "not killing and eating meat, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, and not drinking alcohol" is not the true path of God, but a "devilish path" under the guise of "the path of the Lord". They are all "devils' ways" in the guise of "the way of the Lord".
(5) Those who give alms for the devil's way are the opposite of those who give alms for the Lord's way, and are guilty of "slandering God, corrupting His unfaithful way, and aiding the evil-doers". He who doubles his wealth for the sake of the devil doubles his blessings, and makes him sick and bankrupt, and shortens his life. (6) Allah is the Forgiving, the All-Knowing. It is hoped that a Muslim who has received the "sunshine of the east" will be rehabilitated and will receive mercy from Allah if he does not repeat his old mistakes. If a Muslim continues to be obstinate and sticks to his own views and fights against the Sun of the East, he will not be treated with clemency by God and will be rejected by Him.

(262) The present "devotions and prayers" are a manifestation of their "fear and sorrow".
262: "And those who give alms for the Lord and do not reproach the recipient after giving them, nor do they harm him, such will enjoy their reward with their Lord, and they will have no fear in the future, nor will they grieve." (1) You have become an accomplice of the devil's group by being ignorant, not distinguishing right from wrong, taking falsehood for truth, and giving your property to the devil's group under the guise of "giving for the Lord's sake", while in reality you are giving your property to the devil's group, so that the devil's group can become rich and then victimize more people to become minions of the devil's cave. (2) If the "recipient" receives property and does not use it for the promotion of "the truth of God", but uses it to create devilish minions who "worship and pray", he will be (2) If the "recipient of charity" does not use it for the promotion of "Allah's infallible truth" and uses it for the creation of devilish minions who are "pious in worship and prayer", then he will "rebuke the recipient and harm him" and will "fight him and kill him", for they are devilish "Ibrahim" who have come from within to corrupt Islam in the name of Allah. (3) For financing the devil's group.
(3) Because they have financed the devil's group and reduced them to the devil's minions of "devout worship and prayer", they have become accomplices of the devil's group and will enjoy the reward due to the devil's "Ibrahim" from their Lord. (4) They have fear and sorrow both now and in the future. Their present "devotions and prayers" are a manifestation of their "fears and sorrows". If they did not have "fear and sorrow", they would not have been able to say and do the "devotions and prayers" and confess their sins.

The Qur'an, chapter 2 (263), asks a Muslim to give "offerings and possessions", which means that he is the devil "Ibrahim".
263. "Instead of giving alms and then harming the recipient, we should thank him with a polite word and forgive him his troubles. Allah is self-sufficient and Most Forgiving." (1) Do not give money to the devil's groups, do not give money to sects that do not allow Muslims to become "sons of God", and do not give money to imams who make "swirling salutations, pious dwellers and bowers". (2) Instead of harming the demon imam who receives alms after giving it, one should thank him politely for his "words of alms" and forgive him for his "lack of possessions". (3) Allah is Self-sufficient and Most Forgiving, and He does not want the "offerings" of the people of this world, nor does He want the possessions of Muslims. The imam of a mosque who asks Muslims to give "offerings and property" under the guise of Allah shows that he is not the Messenger of Allah and that he is the devil "Ibrahim".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on December 14, 2017 9:00 11:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









