The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (197-198) Completing Self-Ferry is the True Hajj
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (197) The Hajj is only when the "soul" is seen to become Christ.
197. "The months of Hajj are the months of knowledge. Whoever decides to perform Hajj in these months, let him abstain in Hajj from adultery, from evil speaking, and from disputing. And whatever good deeds you do, Allah is aware of them. And make your journey with fear, for the best of travels is fear. O sensible people! Fear Me." (1) Quote: "Hajj" is the pilgrimage to the House of Heaven, the Holy House of Kerbai, in Mecca. Hajj in Islam is performed on the 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th day of the 12th month of the Islamic calendar each year. This date is constantly changing as the months change. The Islamic calendar is a purely Taiyin calendar and is approximately 10 days ahead of the Gregorian (solar) calendar each year. The purpose of Hajj is to fulfil one's religious duties and to please Allah, not for personal glory, and it is not to be used as an excuse to travel. (2) To perform Hajj in a place where there is no "infallible religion" from God is not to hear the teachings that make Muslims "sons of God", and to perform Hajj in a place where there is no "infallible religion" from God is not to hear the teachings that make Muslims "sons of God". "Nor did the Muslims who went on the Hajj to Kerbai become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have been given a rod of iron", thinking that they were "fulfilling their religious duties and pleasing God". Such Muslims are misguided people who have been misled by Judaism and are playing a farce of "self-deception".
(3) God made Muhammad the founder of Islam so that Muslims could become "sons of God" like Jesus and Muhammad. Only when a Muslim becomes a "son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and his "soul" in this life sees his "soul" and completes his "self-doctrination" will he have completed his primary education. "Only then will you have completed your primary religious work, and only then will you be able to please God for a while. If you do not die as Jesus did, if you compromise with the devil's powerful group, or if you fall back into your old habits, you will not only return to your ordinary state, but you will also be misled by the devil's "Ibrahim", and you will have gone from being a disciple of God to being a devil's "Ibrahim". You will not only fail to "please Allah", but you will also make Him lament, sigh and grieve. You will not only fail to "please Allah", but you will also make Him lament, sigh and grieve. (4) Muslims who go to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, to perform the Hajj in accordance with the misinterpreted verses of the "imam" do not accept new ideas and change their thinking, nor do they improve their state of being. Why don't you wake up to the farce of self-deception?
(5) "The months of Hajj are the months of knowledge" is a question from Allah. See which one of you realises that the truth of your heart's desire to become a "son of God" is not in the building of the Holy Temple! The true shrine is the one that demonstrates that God has made Muslims "sons of God" by His "infallible correction". The "months of Hajj" are not at all a few knowable months. The "months of Hajj" are a "falsehood" to deceive the ignorant and a time for the gathering of the devils of ignorance. Do you understand? Muslim brothers. (6) Whoever decides to perform Hajj during these months, and whoever decides to go to Mecca for Hajj during these months, is a devil, "Ibrahim", misguided by the "blind guides". (7) To the devil "Ibrahim".
(7) The "obscene words, evil speeches and arguments" against the devil "Ibrahim" are a demonstration of the "Son of God" who has "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and feet like a sword. It is the evidence of the "Son of God" that the Christ in the Hajj should behave as the "Son of God". It is not Christ in the pilgrimage without the "obscene words, evil speeches and arguments" against the devil, "Ibrahim". (8) The "obscene words, evil sayings and arguments" against the devil "Ibrahim" are the words and deeds of the "Son of God" who smites "Ibrahim". "(8) The words and deeds of the Sons of God, the good deeds of your Sons of God, are known to God. If you do not have the words, words and arguments of the devil, you are not Christ on the way to Hajj, and if you do not have the good deeds of the Sons of God, you are in error.
(9) The "best fare" for reaching heaven and becoming Christ is the fear of God. The absence of "lewd words, evil speaking and arguments" against the devil "Ibrahim" means that you do not fear God, and that you fear the devil "Ibrahim". (10) The "lewd words, evil speeches and arguments" against the devil "Ibrahim" are the "fare of the fear of God", the "best fare" to be Christ's return to God. The "best of travel expenses" is a manifestation of the fear of God.
(11) O sensible people! All that is in the world, including man-made things, is a falsehood that is born and perishes, and is not the truth that is not born and perishes, so do not go to Mecca in Saudi Arabia to perform Hajj in that "false house of heaven", for Allah is not there, but is in Paradise. Those who go to Mecca in Saudi Arabia to perform Hajj in that artificial "false house of heaven" are not sensible people, but foolish people who have no sense and are misled by the "blind guides". (12) And you should use your "obscene words, evil speeches and arguments" against the devil, "Ibrahim", as "travel expenses for the fear of God". If you have not become "sons of God" with "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in your mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", and if you have not subdued the words and deeds of the devil "Ibrahim", it means that you have not honoured God. If you have not surrendered the words and deeds of the devil "Ibrahim", it means that you do not fear God and that you fear the devil "Ibrahim". Prove your fear of God by your words and deeds of surrender to the devil. Do you understand? Muslim brothers.

(198) Seeking the favour of your Lord is a sin for those of you who are "colour-blind".
198. "It is not sinful for you to seek the favour of your Lord. And when you go in procession from the Arafat, remember Allah near the forbidden temple, and remember Him, for He has taught you that you were indeed misguided." (1) "It is not a sin for you to seek the favour of your Lord" is a "test" from Allah, a "refrain". It is sinful for you, the ignorant, to do what you should not do in order to seek the favour of your Lord, to do bad things with good intentions, because your mindset of "making deals" with Allah leads you to go in the "opposite direction". As long as you have the consciousness of "seeking the Lord's favour", you will not be able to seek it, and you will be having an attack of insanity. When you are content, contented, and free from desire, you will find that the favour you seek is with you, and that Allah has already given it to you, but you have not found it. (2) Your life is a gift from Allah, and this is the "favour of the Lord". The air you breathe was given to you by Allah, and this is a favour from Him. The water you drink, the food you eat, and so on, were all born of God and are all "favours of the Lord". "You will certainly commit sin in order to get what you seek.
(3) Quote: The 9th of December in the Islamic calendar is known as 'Arafat Day' and is the most important day of the Hajj pilgrimage. The pilgrims leave Makkah on the first day to spend the night in the Minna Valley, 7 km away, and then spend the day on Mount Arafat, 25 km south-east of Makkah. It is important to recite many hymns and pray to Allah for forgiveness and mercy for oneself and for all one's loved ones. At the time of the Zuhr, follow the Imam and reduce the Zuhr service and the Asr service to two services each and perform them together. The area of Arafat is clearly marked by a boundary sign and pilgrims are required to stay within the boundary. (4) The time when you form a procession from Arafat is the time when the devil 'Ibrahim' goes berserk.
(5) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe and is the omnipresent and infinite vacuum, and Allah is unique only in the place where the Messenger proclaimed to be the "infallible law" of Christ, and where the Messenger proclaimed to be the "infallible law" of Christ. The place where the Messenger proclaimed the "infallible law" of Christ is the unique "forbidden temple". A place where people "worship" and no one preaches the "infallible law" of Christ is not only not a "forbidden temple", it is a devil in the guise of God. It is not a "forbidden temple", but a devil's cave where "Ibrahim" plays with his minions. (6) Those who are misled by the "blind guides" and misinterpret the concept of "Allah and the forbidden temple", and who remember Allah in the vicinity of the forbidden temple, are those who have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil "Ibrahim". Those who remember Allah in the vicinity of the forbidden temples are minions of the devil who have drunk the devil's "ebony drug" and are foolish pigs who have staged the farce of "seeking fish from a log".
(7) Remember Allah as the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, as the omnipresent, infinite vacuum, and when you have no desire, when your mind is still, you are "remembering Him", when you are calm, mindless, subconscious, natural, not deliberate. When you do something peacefully, mindlessly, subconsciously, naturally, not deliberately, you are "remembering him". Do you understand? Muslim brothers. (8) For God has taught you knowledge and has brought you from ignorance to knowledge. "Indeed, before the Last Judgement, you in the Islamic world were misguided, for until the time of the Judgement, you will have to live in the world under the light of the New Moon. The fact that the world under the "new moon" is "black and white" and not in colour means that you are all "colour-blind" and that you have been misled by the "blind (9) If you don't believe me, go at night and see the world in black and white. (9) If you do not believe me, go and see the world at night, even under the light of the full moon, not to mention the new moon, the world is "black and white", not in colour. Do you understand? Muslim brothers. May you bid farewell to the shining of the "new moon" and welcome the "sun from the east".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 1 December 2017 11:10 17:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









