The True Explanation of the Qur'an Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (75-76) The Disciples are the Minions of the Devil's Cave The Imam is Disciplined
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (75) The one who knowingly falsely uses the name of Allah for disinformation can only be an imam.
75. "There are those among the believers who say: If you entrust him with a thousand taels of gold, he will return it to you; and there are also those among them who say: If you entrust him with a gold coin, he may not return it to you, unless you pursue it again and again. This is because they say, We will not be disciplined for the illiterate. They have knowingly created rumours in the name of Allah." : (1) Because there are angels and demons, there are roughly two kinds of people among those who believe in the Scripture: good people who are honest and trustworthy, and bad people who forget righteousness. (2) "If you entrust him with a thousand taels of gold, he will give it back to you", this is the man of faith who is honest and faithful and is not moved by money. Such people are the steadfast ones who can resist temptation and will not be easily pulled down by the devil, "Ibrahim", and will not become the minions of the devil, "Ibrahim". (3) "If you entrust him with a gold coin, he may not give it back to you unless you pursue it again and again", this is a person who forgets his righteousness, who is unfeeling and ungrateful, and who is indifferent to profit. They will not be able to resist temptation and will be easily dragged down by the devil's "Ibrahim" and become his minions.
(4) They say: "We imams preach the Qur'an for the illiterate, and if the illiterate Muslims go to the Fire, "we will not be punished for the illiterate", which is a delusion of the devil and is rejected by God and will definitely be punished. (5) Only when the imam himself has become a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" will he be qualified to speak the Qur'an and ensure that the illiterate Muslims are not minions of the devil's cave and that the Day of Resurrection will not reach the Fire.
(6) If the Imam himself has no knowledge of the Qur'an and is a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind guide", the illiterate Muslims will certainly be misled by him into becoming "swirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing down", and none of them will become The imam is guilty of "slandering God and harming the lives of people". The imam will be punished for many years with many kinds of torture in the Fire, after which he will become a beast to be killed by a thousand cuts in the world. (7) The core doctrine of religion is that the believer should become a true follower of Christ back in heaven. If the disciple you teach does not become the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil, but is a devil's cave lackey who only "worships and prays with devotion", then the disciple has broken the way back to heaven and gone to the Fire.
(8) Although the first three chapters of the Qur'an do not directly show the verse of "the unchangeable truth", they mention the terms Abraham's Old Testament and Jesus' New Testament, indicating that you should read the Bible, and that the Book of Revelation, which states that "God has made man the unchangeable truth of the return of Christ to heaven "The Book of Revelation is at the end of the Bible. Therefore, there is no reason why an imam who expounds the Qur'an should not know the Book of Revelation. (9) Knowing the Book of Revelation, that contains "God made man to be Christ back to heaven and the unalloyed truth". If an imam does not understand the Book of Revelation, he is not well educated enough to be an imam, and such an imam is a devil who wants the false name of "Messenger of God". Such "imams" are devils who seek the false name of the Messenger of Allah, and they can only knowingly fabricate rumours in the name of Allah to cover up their lack of knowledge.
(10) To reduce the illiterate Muslims to "whirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and bowing", none of them becoming Christ (the Son of God) and flocking to the Fire on the Day of Resurrection, as only an Imam can do. (11) Those who take the Qur'an and preach for the Muslims, who do not allow them to become the present Christ, and who certainly do not allow people to return to heaven, knowingly and falsely use the name of God to spread rumours and commit the mortal sin of "slandering God and harming people's wisdom", can only be imams, the devils who have come from within to corrupt Islam "(12) The elite of the Islamic world should be the ones who are the most powerful in the world. (12) The elite of the Islamic world should stop their hypocritical words and deeds, fight them and kill them.

(76) Those who practice the covenant and fear God are the "candidates for Christ" who have been taught by the "Sun of the East".
76. "Otherwise, whoever practices and fears Allah (is beloved to Him). For indeed Allah loves the fearful." (1) In the Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow, verses 22, 168 and 173, Allah says, "Eat vegetarianism and forbid meat," which is a covenant between Allah and the Muslims. (2) A Muslim is one who keeps his covenant and fears God, a "child of God" whom God loves, and must be a candidate for Christ who has been taught by the "sun of the East". (3) If one misinterprets the Scriptures and refuses to practise the covenant and the commandment to be a vegetarian and not to eat meat, then one is not a God-fearing person, but a devil's slave who has been misled by the devil, the "Ibrahim".
(4) The Book of Revelation reveals that "Allah has made man the true path of the return of Christ to heaven", which is the only path to heaven agreed upon by Allah and Muslims. If you become a Muslim who practises the "God's way of making man a Christian", you are a man who has kept his covenant and fears God, a "child of God" beloved by God, and a candidate for Christ who has received the "Sunshine of the East". "(5) If you do not have the righteousness of the law (5) If you do not have a sense of the uniqueness of the true law, if you do not practise the "unalloyed truth", and if you are a devil's slave misled by the "scribes who are hypocrites and blind guides", then you are not one who practises the covenant and fears Allah, you are one who fears the devil! You are a devil-fearing minion of the devil, "Ibrahim". (6) Indeed, Allah loves those who keep the covenant and fear Him. (6) Indeed, the devil is the one who loves to misinterpret the Scriptures, who does not practice the covenant and who does not fear Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 26 Dec 2017 15:22 17:05 End of edit in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









