The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (159-161) Property left to family members is an erosion of public property
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (159) "Trust in Allah" means to use justice as a principle in dealing with the weak and not to deceive any of them.
159: "Treat them with gentleness only because of the mercy from Allah, and if you were rough and cruel, they would surely scatter from you; so forgive them, and ask forgiveness for them, and consult with them in their affairs; and if you are determined to act, then trust in Allah. Indeed, Allah loves those who trust in Him." (1) It is not just that one becomes a "circumambulator, a devotee, or a bower" in order to receive the "mercy from Allah", but that one becomes a "worshipper". If one becomes a "circumambulant salutatorian, a pious abbot, and a bower", one will receive "mercy from the devil", for the "circumambulant salutatorian" of "worship" is a "devil's mercy". Those who "circumambulate and pay homage, and those who abide and bow" are the image of the minions of the devil's cave, and are the opposite of the image of the heavenly hosts. Allah's infallible teaching is that Muslims should become gods like God, not just "worshippers" who "twirl around and pay homage and bow down". (2) It is only by resisting foreign aggression as if it were death, by promoting the good and the beautiful with words and deeds that expose the "false and the ugly", by the words and deeds of the gods that subdue evil, and by the manifestations of the way of the Lord that do not corrupt the evil, that you will receive the mercy from God. (3) By treating the underprivileged and inferior animals with gentleness, showing them compassion and not harming them, and making them feel the kindness you have bestowed on them, you are acting as the Messenger of Allah and will naturally receive "mercy from Allah", which is the "reward for good deeds "(4) If you are a rough and tidy person, you will not be able to do so. (4) If you treat the underprivileged and the inferior animals roughly, you are a cruel devil, "Ibrahim", and then they will surely scatter from you and you will be guilty of endangering their normal lives.
(5) The disadvantaged and inferior animals have sinned in their past lives to bring about their disabilities and ignorance in this life, therefore, you who are healthy should forgive their sins in their past lives and their disabilities and ignorance in this life with a broad heart. (6) You, who are wise and sensible, should know that your plea to the Lord for forgiveness for their past sins is unhelpful, a delusion that cannot be fulfilled, and a foolishness that should be stopped. (7) Discuss matters of business with them as equals, and do not disrespect and deny them their equal rights because they are vulnerable. (8) A trust is a fiduciary trust and a trust business is a legal act based on credit. "Trusting in Allah means entrusting one's body and mind to Him because one believes in the existence of Allah through His Holy Qur'an. As Allah is the embodiment of justice, trusting in Allah means using justice as a principle of conduct and not deceiving any weak person. (9) If you are determined to act with fairness and justice in your dealings and not to deceive the weak, then you have done so by trusting in Allah. Indeed, Allah loves those who trust in Him, and those who trust in Him are His messengers.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (160): Have the courage to die, and no one will be able to overcome you.
160. "If Allah aids you, then no one will be able to overcome you. And if He forsakes you, then who can help you after He (forsakes you)? Let the believers trust in Allah alone!" (1) If you do not use justice and righteousness as a principle in your dealings, but have the words and deeds of the weak, it means that you are not messengers of Allah, but messengers of the devil, and Allah cannot assist you. (2) If you use justice and righteousness as a principle in your dealings and have the courage to die, then you are the messengers of Allah and Allah will surely be able to assist you, and then no one will be able to overcome you. (3) If Allah has rejected you, it must be because you have not used justice and righteousness as your principle of conduct, then who can assist you after He (rejects you)? It can only be the devil 'Ibrahim', who is the weakest of the weak. (4) Tell the believers to trust only in justice as a principle of conduct, and not in the words and deeds of the devil, who is weak and dominant. To trust only in justice and righteousness as a principle of conduct and not in the words and deeds of the devil who eats the weak is to trust in Allah alone!

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (161) Leaving property to one's family is an "erosion of public goods".
161. "No prophet will ever encroach on public property. And whoever encroaches on public property, on the Day of Resurrection, he will take out what he has encroached on. Then everyone shall enjoy the full reward of his deeds, and they shall not be wronged." : (1) In both the religious faith and the secular world, a prophet was originally a person who had early knowledge or accurate predictions of events in the universe, human society or natural science; generally used metaphorically: someone who is wise and understands the truth of karma and retribution. (2) Read this: The Qur'an, Chapter 2: The Yellow Cow (Baqarah) 254: O you who believe! Before the Day comes when there will be no sale, no friendship, and no intercession, divide your possessions. And those who disbelieve are indeed unrighteous. The word "public goods" here means "possessions to be divided". (3) The "common goods" are those which are given by heaven and grow in nature; though they are artificially grown and cultivated, no species would exist without these heavenly conditions of sunshine and rain; therefore, all the goods of the world are the common goods of all. The taking of public goods for oneself, by force or by underhand means, in all its forms, is an "encroachment on public goods". Possession of minerals, possessions, eating flesh and killing life are acts of "erosion of public property". (4) If you did not bring your possessions with you during your lifetime, you should not leave them behind after you die; you all came into the world naked and should return naked and empty-handed. If, before you die, you do not part with your property, but leave it to your family, this is evidence of an "encroachment on public property". It is only when one has given away one's possessions that one has not "encroached upon public property".
(5) If a person "encroaches on public property", he does not use justice as a principle of conduct, but rather, he is a devil of evil, and is contrary to the way of the Lord. (6) Whoever has corrupted public goods during his life will be required to bring forth the goods he has corrupted on the Day of Resurrection, in the place of judgment in hell. Then everyone shall enjoy the full reward of his deeds, and the prosecutor shall sentence and convict every offender who has corrupted public property, and none of them shall be wronged in the least, and all of them shall suffer the punishment due in the Fire.
(7) These ideas of the Qur'an of "giving away your property and encroaching on public property" are the ideas of the Chinese Confucianism of "the world for the common good, the world of the commonwealth", the early "communist" ideas of human society, and the most standard ones. "It is the most standard and normative idea of "communism". This is the greatness of the Qur'an, the common communion with Chinese culture, the evidence that all the divine origin is the same and that the five religions are one! (8) Such a verse in the Qur'an has aroused in me a sense of responsibility and mission to dig out all the "gold and silver" in it, so that the true "Muhammadan thought" can be revealed to the world and the world can see the true "Muhammadan thought". The reason why I had to finish explaining it sentence by sentence.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 4 June 2018 18:40 20:12 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









