The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (128-129) Christ Presides over the "Last Judgment"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (128) You are not the Christ of this world, and have no right to the matter of the Last Judgment.
128: "Indeed, they are unrighteous, and Allah may forgive or punish, and you have no right to intervene in this matter." : (1) The Islam of Muhammad was originally a religion for Muslims to become Christians back to heaven. The imam, however, because of his misinterpretation of the scriptures, did not allow Muslims to become Christians, but instead reduced them to the status of "worshippers, devotees and bowers" who only "worship and pray". "Therefore, the imams are indeed unrighteous and they are corrupting the devil of Islam, "Ibrahim", from within. (2) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, Allah opened the "Last Judgement" in the world. The Messenger of Allah revealed the infallible truth of the Bible and the Qur'an to make people become Christ and return to heaven, so that everyone would know who the devil "Ibrahim" is. Of course the Imamate would know the true interpretation of the Qur'an and would know that they have been in error for over a thousand years. The Imamate would have been divided and some Imams with a conscience would have realised that they were wrong and abandoned their millennium of blackmail and accepted the "Sunshine of the East". Allah will forgive those imams who repent in time and give them the opportunity to atone for their sins, and they will once again become the "new imams" who will sow the "sunshine of the East" and bring the Islamic world out of the misery of the "new moon". "(3) The imams in the group of imams will be forgiven and given the opportunity to atone for their sins.
(3) The conservatives in the Imamate will stubbornly cling to their millennium-old blackmail, and they will resist the "Sunshine of the East" because they have been exposed for what they are, and they have lost their teaching power and the majesty of their abusive minions, and their selfish and poisonous demonic nature has made them angry. Surely God will punish the devils who have acted against God. (4) You already knew about the Last Judgement. When the day has come, you ignore the opening of the Judgement because the sunlight from the East is intolerable to you, so you have no right to interfere with the Judgement. You have no right to interfere with this matter. Those who have the right to ask about the Last Judgement are the messengers of God who received the Sun from the East and are the present Christ.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (129) Not only does God forgive those who become "revolutionaries", but He also gives them the opportunity to make atonement for their sins.
129: "All things in the heavens and the earth are Allah's. He forgives whom He wills. He forgives whom He wills, and punishes whom He wills. Allah is the Most Forgiving, the Most Merciful." (1) Allah is the infinite vacuum, the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe. He is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the heavens and the earth out of nothing, so He is also called the "Old Mother of the Lifeless". It is from the heavens and the earth that all things came into being. The heavens are the yang, the top, the man, the day, the warmth, the dynamics, and so on; the earth is the yin, the bottom, the woman, the night, the cold, the static, and so on. Height, life and death, fatness and thinness, and so on, are all embodiments of yin and yang in opposition to the existence of all things. In short, heaven and earth are yin and yang, and all things are also yin and yang in nature. All things have a common 'mother', which is known by different names in the various religions of the world, but the meaning of the words is the same. (2) All things are angels from heaven, and each of us is an angel from heaven, so that man and all things are brothers and sisters of a common mother. We have all come to earth with one purpose, to build heaven on earth. In order to bring home the angels who have fulfilled their mission, God has set up five major religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and the masters of these religions are distributed among the nations to bring the angels home. Although the texts of the five religions are different, the meaning of their teachings is the same: to make people become Christ and return to heaven.
(3) Just as foreign guns can kill their own people, and just as new technology is introduced from foreign countries, so the Bible and the Qur'an can be understood by foreigners, and certainly by the Chinese. Therefore, the Chinese who understand the Bible and the Qur'an will interpret it, just as they produce for the Islamic world the high-end goods that you need but cannot make. (4) God has asked me to interpret the Qur'an, and I have already told you its meaning. Muslim brothers and sisters, along with us Chinese, are all brothers and sisters in all countries of the world, and "all are the children of Allah".
(5) Faced with the "sunshine from the East", the Imam realised that the Islamic world had really misunderstood the Qur'an, abandoned the millennium of falsehood, and accepted the "sunshine from the East". Allah not only forgave the man who had become a "revolutionary" but also gave him the opportunity to atone for his sins. (6) The Sun of the East endangered the interests of the Imams' group, and they were unable to overcome their selfish desires to adjust themselves, and they became confused and desperately resisted the Sun of the East, becoming obstinate in their resistance to the new trend of the Messenger of Allah. Allah will not forgive the rebels who confront the Court of Judgement, and it is inevitable that the stubborn will be punished. (7) If one conforms to the trend of the times and renounces the millennium of falsehood, one will be forgiven by Allah and will become a reformed and normal person. Allah is the Most Forgiving, the Most Merciful. You cannot feel Allah's forgiveness and mercy unless you examine your own sins.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 13 Jan 2018 15:47 17:20 End of edit in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









