The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (59-62) Different Missions Progressive Perfection
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (59) Although both are on a mission from God, the tasks are not the same.
59: "Indeed, in the sight of Allah, Ursa is like an adhan. He created the adhan from the earth, and then He said to him, There, and there he was." : (1) In the Book of Genesis Allah created Adham (Adam) out of earth, then He said to him, There, and there he was. He created the human body of Adham from the earth, and then He said to Adham, "There is," giving him a soul that is "one with God". The lungs of the adhan's body breathe, and he has the soul of this life. (2) "Allah created the adhan from the earth, and then Allah said to the adhan, "There is. And he had it", the process is analogous: the earth creates all things, and out of nothing there is something. This is a metaphor for the creation of all things out of nothing. This means that all things are the children of Allah, and that Allah is the mother of all things. (3) Allah's infallible truth is the only way for the children of Allah to return from existence to nothing, and it is the central doctrine of Allah's distribution of the world's religions.
(4) The Athan has made it possible for those whom God has created to pass on to future generations, to govern the world and to build a paradise on earth. Jesus and Muhammad, who passed on to the world "the true path of becoming Christ to Heaven", elevated the spirituality of mankind, brought the soul to the realm of the soul, and taught those who were wise to become Christ to Heaven. (5) The mission of the adhan was to reproduce mankind in the early days of human society, while the revolutionaries like Jesus and Muhammad were on a mission to overthrow the devil's group and to teach people to become Christ. The latter were both perfecting the deficiencies of their predecessors and thus advancing the development of human society, a relationship of progressive perfection. Therefore, the statement that "in the sight of God, the Ursa is indeed like the Athan" is a test of God's wisdom and not a true one.
(6) Do not be afraid to point out the "incorrectness" of the classics. If you have the wisdom to point out what is wrong in the classics, then your soul will give you the wisdom to speak out and express your opinion, and you will be "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". (7) If you know it in your heart, but dare not speak it, you do not have the courage to be a "son of God", that is, your soul rejects the wisdom offered by your soul, and your soul erases the spirituality of your soul. As the soul is wiped out more and more times, the shadow in the heart of the person grows bigger and bigger, and the person becomes more and more confused, and the way back to heaven is cut off, and he is reduced to a slave of the devil's cave who only "worships and prays".

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (60), "The Sunshine of the East" is an exposition of the truth of what the Lord has sent down for Muslims to become Christians back to heaven.
60. "(This is) the truth from your Lord, so do not doubt." (1) Muslims, this is the infallible truth that Jesus has been commanded from your Lord and has purposely sent down to you, only that it has been written by the hand of Muhammad, so do not doubt it. (2) Dear Muslim brothers, I am Li Huaizhu of China, and like Jesus, I have been commanded by your Lord to expound the Qur'an so that the Islamic world may receive the long-lost "sunshine of the East", free itself from the shackles of the millennium, and achieve the great renaissance of the Arab nation. It took Muhammad many years to compose the Qur'an, and I spent my days expounding it, because I read it and found that you had been in the wrong place for a long time, and I wanted to finish the exposition as soon as possible to save you from the evil. I am your brother in the Far East, I am Li Huaiju of the Land of the Rising Sun. I wish to meet with my Muslim brothers who have received the "Sun of the East" and to be reunited with God.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (61): "The path of truth is only for those who recognise it, and those who do not recognise it should not learn it.
61. "And after knowledge has come to you, all those who argue with you on this matter, you may say to them: Come, you! Let us gather our respective children, our women and your women, our selves and your selves, and then let us pray that Allah may forsake the liars." : (1) After the essence of the Book of Revelation of Jesus, "the infallible truth that became Christ back to heaven", came to you Muslims through the True Exposition of the Qur'an, like a person who has never seen the sunlight before suddenly seeing it, they were shocked, something they had never heard of before, and the wise and the unwise, after The wise and the unwise have studied it and have two different views of "acceptance and opposition". This is normal, for there is day and night, and there are angels and demons. (2) Anyone who argues with you that the "unalloyed truth" is wrong, you can say to them: you can accept it or not; it is right to accept it, and it is right not to accept it. Faith is voluntary, and everyone can choose his or her own path. (3) We do not need to pray to Allah to forsake the liars, for Allah has long forsaken the liars, for Allah is All-Knowing, All-Powerful.

(3) We do not need to pray for Allah to forsake those who lie, for Allah is All-knowing and All-powerful.
62. "Indeed, this is a true story. There is no one to be worshipped but Allah. Indeed, Allah is the Mighty, the Wise." : (1) The fact that in 2017 both the Bible and the Qur'an have been interpreted by the same Chinese, listing Jesus and Muhammad as the great revolutionaries of the religious world, is not a fictional story, but indeed a true fact. This is a sign that the "Last Judgement" has begun. (2) There is no doubt that he was commanded by God to expound, and no one could have done so without God's command.
(3) The words, "There is none to be worshipped but Allah", are a test of Allah's wisdom. Only by finding the Messenger of Allah whom you worship can you achieve true worship of Allah. If your imam is not the Messenger of Allah at all, but a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind guide", you will not be able to achieve true worship of Allah. (4) The true worship of Allah is to practise "the infallible truth of becoming Christ to heaven" and to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". If a Muslim is reduced to a "swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, and a bower" and does not become the Christ (the Son of God), then your imam is a "counterfeit scribe, a blind leader" and the God you worship is actually the devil! "(5) Indeed, Allah is the Almighty.
(5) Indeed, Allah is the Almighty, the Wise. This means that Muslims have not accepted the infallible teachings of God, and that they are in a misunderstanding, and that the imams are "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders". ".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 24 Dec 2017 16:05 18:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









