The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (40-43) Muhammad's Overthrow of Catholicism
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (40) The demon-changed gods of the heavens playing abuse on the minions of the devil's cave
40. "He said, "O my Lord! Indeed, I am old, and my wife will not bear children, so how can I have a son? The gods of the heavens say: Allah does so as He pleases." (1) "Zakariyya", the priest of the "Jewish" temple, said: O my Lord! I am indeed old, and my wife will not bear children, so how can I have a son? (2) "Zakariyya", the "Jewish prophet", knew that his wife would not bear children and would not have a son, but he did not dare to say that this was "a deliberate deception of God, a test of his wisdom". "This shows that he is a wisdomless minion of the devil's cave. (3) The demon-changed gods of the heavens say: Allah does so as He pleases.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (41) "Zakariyya" is the "Prophet of Judaism", a devilish slave who plays with the devil.
41. "And Zakariyya said: O my Lord! Predestine a sign for me. And the God of heaven said: Your sign is that you do not speak for three days, but make signs. Remember your Lord much, and praise him exceedingly day and night." : (1) "O my Lord! Please, ordain a sign for me" shows that "Zechariah", a fool, did not know what a "test" was until his death, and that he was a deluded and demonic instrument until his death. (2) "You did not speak for three days, but only made gestures" is a sign that the devil hates the nonsense of his minion and tells him to shut his mouth. (3) "Remember your Lord much, and praise him superbly every day and every hour", that is, to make him "a swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, a bower, a pious worshipper, a prayer-bearer", which is the demon "Ibrahim It is the opposite of the true path of Christ to heaven, and therefore the "God of Heaven" is a demonic change, and the "Zechariah" is the "Abraham" of the Old Testament. "The prophets of Judaism, such as "Abraham", are all minions of the devil in his cave.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (42) "Mary" is beyond the women of the world because Jesus, the Son, is the Christian Patriarch.
42. "Then the God of heaven said, "O Mary! Indeed, God has chosen you and made you pure, so that you may surpass the women of the world." (1) He was "pure" because of his own purity, but not at all because God "made you pure". (2) It is not "purity" at all that makes you superior to all women in the world, but the fact that Mary gave birth to the world-famous Jesus is a celebrity effect of "motherhood", not This is the celebrity effect of the "mother factor", not the perfection of the "Mary" herself.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (43) Muhammad's overthrow of Catholicism
43. "O Mary! Obey your Lord, and bow down, and bow with those who bow." (1) Around the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476, the Bishop of Rome gradually became the head of the entire Western Church, and a "papacy" was gradually formed in the Western Church. The papal Church realised that it had a vocation to preach the Gospel to barbaric peoples. The ascension of the first Benedictine hermit to the throne of Peter in 590 marks the end of the ancient Church and the beginning of the medieval Church. The "great refinement" of "Catholic" doctrine is marked not only by the emergence of the "priesthood order", but by the fact that Mary, the mother of Jesus, becomes the supreme sanctity of the Catholic faith. It is a sign that Christianity "exists in name only", that by allowing the Virgin Mary, the mother of Jesus, to take precedence over Jesus, the Lord of Christ, the core doctrines of Christianity can be obliterated in the name of the "Virgin Mary". This is a sign that Christianity "exists in name only". (2) The time of Muhammad (570-632) was the time when Christianity became a Roman Catholic religion, when Catholic doctrine was perfected, and when the "Virgin Mary" entered Catholicism to take the place of Jesus. Muhammad was outraged that the Christianity of Jesus had been obliterated by Catholicism! So he said this here in the Qur'an.
(3) "O Mary! Obey your Lord, and bow down, and bow down with those who bow." The meaning is: "O Mary (O Mary), submit to your Lord, bow to the Christians who bow to you, bow to those who bow to you, and bow with them to God. You should not go into a Catholic church and accept the prostrations of "Christians" because you have not taught them to be Catholic Christians and you do not know what it is to be "the true way of Christ back to heaven", but you are just an ordinary housewife who raised Jesus. You are just an ordinary housewife who raised Jesus. O Mary! You should submit to your Lord, go down to the temple and be your ordinary self. (4) O Mary! When the "Catholic Christians" bow down to you, bow down and return the bow, for you have not personally taught any doctrine of the return to heaven, nor have they "Christians" received any teaching from you. You should return the bow to those who bow to you, and you should bow to God with them. If you do not bow to the "Catholic Christians", and if you do not bow to them, and if you do not receive the respect of your descendants, then you have slain your innocence and tarnished your purity.
(5) The devil kidnapped Mary, the mother of Jesus, and made her "holy in the Church of God", so that "Catholic Christians" might believe in (5) The devil kidnapped Mary, the mother of Jesus, and made her "holy in the Church of God" so that "Catholic Christians" would believe in the "Virgin Mary" and treat her with the same rituals of bowing and bowing as they do to God. This is not an act of deference to Mary; it is an act of the devil in which he slanders and insults the "common woman Mary". (6) By making the "Virgin Mary" sacred to the Catholic faith, to obliterate the Christianity of Jesus, the devil "Ibrahim" is corrupting Christianity from within.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 23 December 2017 11:00 12:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









