The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imam (79-80) Being a Slave of the Imam
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(79) He who worships his Creator becomes a slave of the devil, Ibrahim, in his cave.
79. "And a man who has been given by Allah the Scripture, the Wisdom and the Prophecy, he will not say to the world: Be my slaves, and not slaves of Allah. But (he will say): Be worshippers of your Creator, for you teach the Scripture of the heavens and recite it." (1) "One who has been given the Scriptures by God" cannot really know the "wisdom and prophecy" contained therein, for many foundations are needed to prepare the ground, a broad vision, and a comprehensive knowledge of all subjects throughout the world, for God does not belong to one What is not found in one religion must be found in another. (2) The devil does not say the words "Be my slaves, not Allah's slaves" directly, but by means of various "works of art" he makes people unwittingly achieve the words "Be my slaves, not Allah's slaves". Be slaves of Allah". The imams (preachers) of all the world's religions do this because they all have the same ultimate goal, which is to mislead believers into slavery under the guise of God, and not to allow them to become the present Christ back in heaven.
(3) Allah's infallible truth that makes people become Christ-bearers is clearly written in the Book of Revelation, which was ignored and erased by the ignorant imams. The imams have misinterpreted the "observance of worship" and have reduced those who believe in God to the status of "those who spin around and pay homage, those who abide in piety and those who bow down". In fact, all Muslims are servants of the Imam, but in the name of Allah. (4) God is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and all things are the children of God. Religion is the "way to heaven" and the "stairway to heaven" for God's children to return to their homes in paradise, and it does not make us "servants of God". (5) The "slaves of God" are all angels of infinite power, all Christ-like beings, not mere beasts of burden who only "worship and pray". Those who only "worship and pray" are not "servants of God" at all, but are servants of the Imam, and are servants of the devil, Ibrahim, in his cave.
(6) "To be worshippers of the Creator" deprives one of the consciousness of becoming a Christian, and it erases "the truth of God's making man a Christian". (7) The Muslims have become "the worshippers of the Creator" and the one who says this is the devil, "Ibrahim". (7) A Muslim who becomes a "swirler, a devotee, a bower" is "a worshipper of the Creator" and a servant of the Imam, for all the teachings are taught by the Imam and not by the True Bishop at all.
(7) "You teach the Scriptures and recite them" for the purpose of becoming Christ to heaven, and "teach the Scriptures and recite them" for the purpose of becoming the present Christ, not "being worshippers of the Creator" according to the imam's teaching. The purpose of "teaching and studying the Scriptures" is to become the present Christ, not to "worship the Creator" as the imam teaches. If one follows the Imam's teaching and "becomes a worshipper of the Creator", one becomes a slave in the devil's "Ibrahim's" cave.

The Imam has made the devil's way of "devout worship and prayer" the "infallible way of God" for Muslims to pass on
80. "And He did not teach you to take the gods and the prophets as your masters. How can He teach you to disbelieve after you have submitted to Him?" (1) The core doctrine of the Book of Revelation, with "Jesus as the infallible truth of Christ's return to heaven", is "to make the gods of heaven and the prophets your masters". (2) The imams also do not teach Muslims to take the infallible truth of Jesus becoming Christ to Heaven as the core doctrine, but they obliterate the "infallible truth of becoming Christ to Heaven" with the misinterpreted "observance of worship"; they use the Jewish prophet (3) The Muslims have kept their demonic nature of eating flesh by using the Jewish prophet "Abraham" as the prophets.
(3) How can the Imam teach you to disbelieve in the "unfaithful way of becoming Christ and returning to heaven" after the Muslims have submitted to God with him? (3) How can the Imam teach you not to believe in the infallible truth of becoming a Christian and a Muslim? "(4) The wise imams are the ones who have the wisdom to make the Muslims become the minions of the devil. (4) The wise imam who sees the Sun of the East, confesses his sins, and then actively spreads the Sun of the East, becomes the present Christ, and makes up for his sins. Otherwise, the punishment of the fire is self-inflicted.
(5) The Chinese pinyin for Imam is [āhōng], and Akhond is a Chinese Islamic title for a person who presides over the religious affairs of a mosque. It means "teacher, scholar". The mission is to convey the commands of God to mankind so that people can acquire knowledge in this life and the hereafter. An imam is the person responsible for the Islamic religion in a region.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 December 2017 07:47 11:00 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









