The True Qur'an Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (15-18) Gaining Purity as a Spouse to Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(15) When one acquires a pure spouse, one becomes a Christian and completes the "little dynasty".
15. "Say: Shall I tell you something more beautiful than this? The fearful will enjoy the paradise of the rivers beneath their Lord, and they will dwell therein forever, and they will have a pure spouse, and the pleasure of Allah. And Allah is Aware of the servants." (1) "The Paradise of the rivers" is the Paradise of God, a place where Christ can go only if he has fulfilled his mission from God. He who has not become a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" will not be able to go to the Paradise of the rivers. (2) The Muslims who "worship and pray" in the mosques are "those who circle and pay homage, those who abide in piety and those who bow down". "the paradise of the rivers of the advent", but only to serve their sentence in the prison of fire.
(3) The "vital soul", which is there because the lungs have breath, is the heart consciousness, the active masculine, male. The liver is the reservoir of blood, and it is in the liver that the "soul of life" resides. The "soul" that comes from heaven and is "one with God" resides in the heart and is the "king of the heart", which is also called the female, the spouse, because it is the passive feminine. (4) The great wise man finds the present Christ, who has been commanded by God to preach, and becomes a disciple of the present Christ, practising God's infallible truth that man should become a Christ and return to heaven, practising the law and revealing the true nature of the "Son of God" in words and deeds that reveal the true nature of the devil, when God nudges the top of the disciple's head and the "soul "The disciple then sees his own "soul". When the disciple sees his own "soul", he acquires a pure spouse, the "soul and the soul of life" become "one", and the "soul The "soul" becomes the core of the "soul of life" without being visible, and the "soul of life" takes on the realm of divine power that the "soul" originally had, and the disciple's body takes on the divine power of healing and saving people. The disciple's human body has the power to heal the sick and to save people, and he becomes the present Christ. Becoming the present Christ is the completion of the "little dynasty".
(5) Having become the present Christ, having fulfilled his mission as Jesus did, having given up his life for righteousness, and not falling away during his lifetime, he will be able to enjoy the paradise of the lower rivers and live in it forever, which is the true "great dynasty". This is the true "great pilgrimage". Not only is there the joy of the "pure spouse" and of God, but there is also the joy of one's ancestors, for they too have ascended to heaven because they have become Christ and returned to heaven. (6) The fact that one has become the present Christ by joining a master and then becoming a servant of the people, so that those who have the right to hear of God's infallible teachings and create heaven on earth, is the mission of Christ's life, and this is the common mission of all of God's servants in life. If a Muslim is not a servant of the people in life, he cannot become a "servant" in heaven after death. (7) There is no such thing as a "servant to feed, clothe, house and sleep" in heaven, as the "Son of God" has in mind. There are only those who stand on duty, who are "civil servants" and are not considered to be "servants who serve food, clothing, shelter and transportation".

The recitation of the following "prayer" is the devil's "Ibrahim" minion.
16. "They say: O our Lord! We have indeed believed, forgive us our sins, and save us from the punishment of the Fire." : (1) Recite "O our Lord! Forgive us our sins and save us from the punishment of the Fire" is a "devotional prayer". The recitation of all the verses of "prayers to God" is a "pious prayer", which is the opposite of "God has made man to be the true way of Christ to heaven", and is an attack of the minions of the devil's cave! (2) The Muslims have become the "true religion". (2) Muslims who have become "circlers of salutations, devotees and bowers" are indeed believers in the devil's way and are misled into asking the devil to forgive your sins and to save you from the punishment of the Fire.
(3) A Muslim who reveals that the "devotional prayer" is magic will prove that you have indeed believed in the righteousness of Allah. (4) A Muslim who has said and done something that exposes the Prayer of Piety as magic and tells a Muslim that eating meat is against the Qur'anic verse is a "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron". "He does not ask Allah to forgive his sins or to save himself from the punishment of the Fire. (5) Those who have practised the truth that Allah has made man a Christ to the heavens will know that those who "ask Allah to forgive us our sins and ask Him to save us from the punishment of the Fire" are minions of the devil's cave.

(17) The Muslims who "ask forgiveness at dawn" are minions of the devil's cave under the shining of the "new moon".
17. "They are hardy, honest, obedient, good, and seek forgiveness at dawn." (1) "Those who ask for forgiveness at dawn" are the minions of the devil's cave under the light of the "new moon", which means that this is before the "sun of the East" (the true Qur'an in Chinese) has come. This means that the "Last Judgement" has not yet begun, that the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012 has not yet arrived, and that the Islamic world does not yet know that "God has made man to be the Christ and the heavenly realm" in the Book of Revelation. (2) "The End of the World" on 21 December 2012 has not yet come. (2) The "hardy, honest, obedient and generous" Muslims are the minions of the devil's cave who "ask for forgiveness at dawn". (3) When the "sun of the East" shone on the Islamic world, a religious revolution took place in the Islamic world, and the shackles of Arab national thought were broken and a national renaissance was achieved.

(18) There is nothing to be worshipped except the "soul" of God.
18. "And Allah is a just witness that there is none to be worshipped save Him, and the gods and the scholars in general bear witness that there is none to be worshipped save Him, and that He is the Mighty, the Wise." (1) Allah testifies justly to those who believe in Him and those who believe in the devil. (2) Allah is the Omnipresent Vacuum, the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and the sign of Allah is "nothing", the "soul" which is without form and reality. There is nothing to be worshipped other than the "soul" of Allah. To worship God is to worship the soul, to see the soul as the central doctrine, and to be the true path of Christ to heaven. There is nothing to be worshipped except the core doctrine of the realization of the soul. There is nothing to be worshipped other than "to be the true way of Christ's return to heaven".
(3) Those who promote the true path of the Immortals, the central doctrine of which is the realization of seeing the "soul", by words and deeds that break the magic of "devotional worship and prayer", are from the "gods of heaven". The "general scholars" who speak and act in this way are the messengers of God. (4) Our "souls" are one with God, and when we practise the "unchangeable path of becoming Christ to heaven" and realize our "souls", we become "one with God". (5) God is the Son of God in the "All-seeing, All-wise". (5) While God is "Almighty and Wise", the Muslim is a "whirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, a bower", a lackey who only "worships and prays with devotion". The Muslims are not the "infallible religion of Allah" at all, they are the minions of the devil "Ibrahim".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 December 2017 10:25 15:30 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









