The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (142-143) Not becoming a Christ is a betrayal of Muhammad and God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (142) There is no betrayal of Muhammad and God in the practice of the True Qur'an in China
142. "The general fools will say: Why did they turn away from the direction to which they were originally directed? Say: The East and the West are Allah's, and He leads those whom He wills to the right path." (1) "The right direction" refers to the religious denomination, religious group or church community of faith. (2) "Turning away from their original orientation" is a metaphor for a religious group or church community that has left its millennial heritage and, having encountered a new interpretation of the ancient scriptures, has unlocked questions that the "church community" could not answer for many years and has then fully embraced the new interpretation of the ancient scriptures. They have become "revolutionaries" in the religious world and rebels against the "original orientation". (3) The "original orientation" is a "thousand-year-old shop" with a thousand years of tradition, and although there are many problems that cannot be solved, there has been no alternative. After learning about the Qur'an in China, I accepted the Qur'an and made it my "present orientation", because the questions that could not be answered by the imams were explained in detail here, so that The Muslims have become "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron" from being "a swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, and a bower. (4) In fact, to become the Christ (the Son of God) is a dream that every wise Muslim has had in his or her heart, but which has been obliterated in the name of God by the "imams" with the Qur'an. When the "present direction" was compared with the "original direction", it became clear that the "original direction" was a millennium-old misrepresentation, and the wise Muslims The wise Muslims then "turned away from their original orientation" and became a "rebel" like Jesus.
(5) The acceptance of the Chinese Koran and the rejection of the millennium-old tradition of the "imams" led by the conservative faction of the "imams" as the "rebels" of the Arab nation, and the stigmatization and slander of the traditional forces. This is, of course, a "trial by God". It is impossible to become a Christian without having undergone the "trial of God". (6) The Chinese have only interpreted the Qur'an and have not replaced it with Chinese scriptures. Therefore, to make the Chinese version of the Qur'an "the direction of the present" is not a betrayal of Muhammad and God, but a respect for him. (7) The original purpose of the Qur'an, as transmitted by Muhammad and God, was to enable Muslims to become the Christ of this world and to return to God after completing their mission. To take the Qur'an and not become a Christ is to betray Muhammad and Allah.
(8) If one takes the Qur'an and becomes a "swirler of salutations, a pious abider, and a bower of bowers", one does not become a Christ and betrays Muhammad and God. To take the Qur'an and become a "pious servant of God", without knowing what "angels and demons" are other than "pious worship", without knowing why Jesus was crucified, without distinguishing between "angels" and "demons", and without knowing why Jesus was crucified. They do not know why Jesus was crucified, they do not know the difference between a prophet and a devil, and they do not know the eight signs of Christ in the Book of Revelation. (9) The original meaning of the Qur'an as handed down by Muhammad and God was that Muslims should become the Christ of this world and return to God after completing their mission. Such a doctrine is not found in the Islamic world, but in the Chinese Qur'an, whereupon the Muslim elite "turned their backs on their original orientation" and became "rebels" in the eyes of the conservatives. How can it be a betrayal of Muhammad and God to have learned the "true meaning of Muhammad and God" in the Chinese Qur'an? Not only is it not a betrayal of Muhammad and God, but it is an exalted veneration of Muhammad and God.
(10) Allah is the mother who gave birth to the universe and is the common mother of all mankind. The fact that all mankind speaks and writes differently depending on the region is a manifestation of the richness of human society and of the richness of Paradise, both of which are manifestations of Allah's teachings. (11) "Both the East and the West are God's", and both Easterners and Westerners are children of God, though spread across the nations, and are angels with the same mission to build heaven on earth. Therefore, the Chinese in the East and the Arabs in the West are brothers and sisters born of the same mother, and they should complement each other's strengths and help each other, instead of being jealous of their abilities and blindly excluding them. (12) Muhammad, who came down again more than a thousand years ago in today's 21st century, did not go back to the Islamic world, but became a Chinese. After he had learned the true meaning of the Chinese religion, he went on to interpret the Christian book of Genesis and Revelation, and then, by the command of God, he interpreted the Qur'an. He found that the Qur'an contained many Biblical stories that he was familiar with, so he spoke very comprehensively and exhaustively in his exposition of the Qur'an, as if Muhammad was expounding the Qur'an. (13) Modern society is the age of information.
(13) Modern society is the information age, and there is a term called "compatibility", which is a computer term, as opposed to software, which means that a certain software works stably in a certain operating system, so that the software is compatible with that operating system. In a multitasking operating system, software running at the same time is said to be compatible if it works stably and without frequent errors, otherwise it is not compatible. The angels around Allah are also "compatible". Even people from different countries can communicate normally through language translation, so how can the angels in heaven have a language barrier? Thus, the Chinese interpret the Qur'an in its original sense, showing the "compatibility" between the angels. (14) When I interpreted the Qur'an, I realised that I had overturned all the teachings that you follow in the Islamic world, which means that the "last days" of the millennia of Islamic blackmail have come, and that the "Last Judgement", which is known to the Islamic world, is in full swing.
(15) I have expounded the Qur'an, exposed the devil "Ibrahim" in the guise of Allah, revealed "the true meaning of Muhammad and Allah", and shown "eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in the mouth, feet like The true nature of the Christ, who has the eyes of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the iron rod, is revealed. (16) And those who do not want to be Christ's return to heaven, and those who only want to be "servants of God", do not follow the Qur'an as I have explained it, for you are not "the people I desire". Only those who do not desire the "falsehood" of the world, who do not want to be reincarnated, who do not fear death, and who follow the example of Jesus, are the only ones whom I wish to lead to the right path. Only such people are the ones whom I intend to lead onto the right path, because the "right path" is the process of "breaking the evil path". Without the words and deeds of "breaking the evil way" there is no practice of the "right path". Without the courage to die, one cannot defeat the powerful group of demons, the "Ibrahim", and one has to fight for one's life at any time. "The people we want are not the people we want.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (143) Whether to make a Muslim a Christ or not is the "iron rod" of God.
143. "Thus We have made you a righteous people, so that you may testify to the world, and the Messenger may testify to you. We have oriented you in the direction in which you were facing, only to discern who is obedient to the Messenger and who is a betrayer. Indeed, this is a difficult task, but it is not difficult for those whom Allah guides. Allah will not let your faith be in vain. Indeed, Allah is the Most Loving, the Most Merciful to the world." : (1) The word "righteous" means: proper, impartial, upright, middle, pure, and righteous. A nation that is broad-minded, far-sighted, with an eye on the world, free from selfish and narrow-minded racism and nationalism, that does not harbour its own shortcomings, and that can take the strengths of foreigners to make up for its own shortcomings, is a "righteous nation". (2) A nation with an elite that is broad-minded and far-sighted, that looks at the world, that is free from selfish and narrow-minded racism and nationalism, and that is free from radical "populism", that does not harbour its own shortcomings, and that can take the strengths of foreigners to make up for its shortcomings, and that has such a state of mind, is a nation of integrity.
(3) A people who do not explain what is "right and wrong, Christ and Satan", but who are "servants of God in worship", are the messengers of the devil, Ibrahim. Such a person is the messenger of the devil "Ibrahim". "Those who "whirl around and pay homage, those who stay in piety and those who bow down" are the minions of the Messenger of the Devil. (4) This is a detailed explanation of what is meant by "right and wrong, Christ and Satan", so that one may become "the Christ of this world, the Holy One who is one with God", and such a person is the Messenger of God. The person who reveals the true nature of the devil, Ibrahim, by his words and deeds, is the Messenger of God, the one whose eyes are like fire, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the iron rod.
(5) The "righteous nation" is a model for all the world, a nation dominated by the Messenger of God, a nation untainted by the devil "Ibrahim", a major force for world peace, and a nation that testifies to the teachings of God. (6) It is only in a "righteous nation" that the Messenger of God becomes the dominant one, and it is only in a "righteous nation" that the Messenger of God can be restored to his original form and become the Christ of the Return to Heaven. The Messenger of God (a religious revolutionary) raised the ideology of a nation to an unprecedented level, and such a nation can only be a "righteous nation"; if it is not a "righteous nation" the Messenger of God will be suppressed and will not be able to revive it. If it is not, the Messenger of God will be suppressed and the nation will not be revived.
(7) The presence of the Messenger of Allah in a nation means that your nation is a "righteous nation" and that it is the Messenger of Allah who testifies to the excellence of your nation. If there is no Messenger of Allah in a nation, it means that your nation is not a "righteous nation" because there is no Messenger of Allah to testify to the excellence of your nation. (8) The fact that your religious thought has not changed significantly for more than a thousand years means that there is no Messenger of God in your nation and that your nation is not a "righteous nation" because there is no Messenger of God (a religious revolutionary) to testify to the excellence of your nation.
(9) "The direction in which you were facing is the direction of orientation" is the millennial legacy of the Shi'a and Sunnis in the Islamic world after the death of Muhammad. It is indeed a difficult task for ordinary Muslims to discern between Shi'ites and Sunnis who are obedient to the Messenger and who are betrayers, because Muslims have not become Christlike beyond the "imam", because there is no "end of the world, the Last Judgement" ( (21 December 2012), without the appearance of the Messenger of God, there is no good reason or conclusive evidence. (10) It is indeed a difficult task for ordinary Muslims to know who is obedient to the Messenger of God and who is a betrayer, but it is not difficult for those whom God has guided. It is easy to tell who is obedient to the Messenger of Allah and who is a betrayer because the guided people of Allah have been given the "iron rod" of Allah as a yardstick for determining "obedience and betrayal".
(11) Whether or not a Muslim is made a Christ (the Son of God like Jesus) is the "iron rod" of God. Those who preach the doctrine that a Muslim should become the Christ of this world are obedient to the Messenger of God. He who preaches that Muslims should become "servants of God in worship" and that they should be reduced to the status of "swirlers of salutations, devotees of piety and bowers" is a betrayer of the Messenger of God and a follower of the devil's (12) Whether it is obedience to Allah or not (12) Both those who obeyed the Messenger of Allah and those who obeyed the Messenger of the Devil, Ibrahim, are believing Muslims, and "Allah does not make your faith unrewarding", but each of you receives the reward of your faith. (13) The Muslims who obeyed the Messenger of Allah and kept the five commandments (not eating meat, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, and not drinking alcohol), became Christ in the present world, and the reward of their faith is to return to Allah in Paradise. (14) The Muslim who obeys the Messenger of the Devil "Ibrahim" is a devil's slave who "spins and salutes, abides in piety and bows down", and is a criminal who "confesses his sins". How can such a fool be qualified to return to God in Paradise? He can only serve his sentence in hell. Such a person was a "servant of God" in life, a servant of the devil "Ibrahim", and a criminal in hell after death, because he inherited the devil's "Ibrahim's" magic. Some of them are also guilty of misleading others. Some of them are also guilty of misleading others, and the result of their sins can be imagined.
(15) Many of the criminals who were misled by the devil, Ibrahim, and sent to hell complained to the prison officials that Allah had not allowed them to meet the Messenger of Allah in their lifetime. "The prison officials of hell "play back to them the video of their lives", which details the day and place where a person who is not an "imam" gave you a message. Allah sent the Messenger of Allah to save you! The sophomoric Muslim, when confronted with the video of his own life, realises that he has made the mistake of "looking at people and not listening to the truth" and has to bow his head and confess his sins. (16) In fact, Allah is merciful to every ignorant person in the world, for He knows that it is difficult to become a human being. But man, being ignorant and unaware of the preciousness of his human life, squanders his hard-earned "human life" recklessly, and when the blessings of his previous life are exhausted, endless suffering will follow and he will no longer be qualified to be human. (17) Those who "whirl around and pay homage, those who abide in devotion, and those who bow down" are those who have no wisdom, who take on falsehood for truth, and who have lost their person. All kinds of animals and beasts are the reincarnation of sinful souls who did not behave properly in their previous lives. This is why religious people "do not eat meat, but eat vegetarianism".
(18) Ordinary people do not know how God is "Most Loving, Most Merciful", so the angels come down to earth to speak on behalf of God and enlighten Him about His infallible teachings, so that Muslims who have been in the cave of the devil for many years can "make the final choice". Those who do not want to return to heaven can remain "Sunnis and Shiites" and become "old-fashioned and conservative", burying the "imams" who have been in hell for more than a thousand years. Those who want to return to heaven will have to leave the "fame, money and power" given by the devil, Ibrahim, and choose the path of death like Jesus, and become a "revolutionary" in the Islamic world. When you have completed your mission, Allah will welcome you back to your home.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 20 November 2017 07:50 16:10 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











