The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (203-206) Leaving the Pedantic Imam
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (203) It is "the fear of the Imam" that one does not dare to leave a pedantic Imam.
203: "And remember Allah within a few days, and he who starts in haste within two days is blameless, and he who delays is blameless. (The right to choose) is reserved for the fearful. And fear Allah and know that you are gathered to Him alone." (1) To "remember Allah" is to turn off the sense organs and enter a state of thoughtlessness. To "remember Allah in a few days" means to have a few days of continuous training in the power of fixation, so that one can have the power of fixation in the face of temptation, so that one can be unperturbed and unmoved, and so that one can have the attitude of giving up one's life for righteousness and death. (2) "Remembering Allah" is a necessary part of mental training, and as long as one has the stability of mind to sacrifice one's life for righteousness, even those who set out in haste within two days will not be guilty of any great wrongdoing.
(3) "Remember Allah in a few days" means that the delay is not indefinite, nor is it as long as possible. Those who delay appropriately are not guilty of any sin. It is like going to school, you have to "graduate, leave the school, and become independent", but if you keep "remembering Allah" for decades, you become a "repetitive student who cannot be promoted to graduate". (4) The imam cannot satisfy you. (4) If the Imam cannot satisfy your doubts or answer your questions, you must leave him, not for the sake of the "right to choose", but to resolve all your doubts before you die, otherwise, if your doubts are not solved during your life, the door to heaven will not be opened and you will have to go to hell. (5) The right to choose an imam is reserved for the wise who fear the truth. Those who do not know the fear of the truth, nor do they have wisdom, do not know that they have the right to choose, and become the minions of the devil's cave of an "imam", because of their heavy sins in the previous life and their devilishness in this life.
(6) You believe in Allah, not in an imam, so fear Allah, not an imam. You should fear Allah and follow the law and not the people. If you fear the Imam and do not dare to leave the corrupt Imam, then you are "following the law but not the people", and you have become the minions of the devil, Ibrahim. (7) In the Islamic world, there are many corrupt imams who have a superficial understanding of the Qur'an and cannot satisfy the desire of Muslims for knowledge. If you do not leave such an imam decisively, just like the teacher who indulges in "kindergarten", you will not make Muslims "secondary and university students". If you are embarrassed to leave a pedantic imam, and you are gathered in his presence to listen to their rhetoric and misinterpretation of the scriptures, without being able to question them or dare to refute their misinterpretations, then know that this is a sign that you have been reduced to the status of minions in a devil's cave.
(8) It is a sign of your "fear of God" that you should repent and flee from the cave of the devil. If you do not dare to leave the corrupt imam, you are not "fearing Allah", but "fearing the imam". (9) "Know that you are gathered to him alone", and follow the Imam's teachings honestly, and worship with devotion, then you will become a slave in a devil's cave, abused by the "Ibn al-Islam", and will never become "a man of God whose eyes are like fire and who has been given a rod of iron". You will never become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have received the iron rod", and you will be cut off from the path to heaven and sunk in hell.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (204) is the most formidable enemy of those who do not allow a Muslim to become a son of God.
204. "Someone who talks about the life of this world, and his speech makes you marvel, and he asks Allah to testify about his existence. In fact, he is the toughest of enemies." (1) An imam who speaks to a Muslim about the life of this world, and whose words represent Allah, must make you praise him whether he is right or wrong, and if you do not praise him, you are not "fearing Allah". An imam who thinks and acts in this way is a pure devil, "Ibrahim". (2) The imam also asks Allah to testify that his intention of "gathering you to Him" is to preach the Qur'an and promote the teachings of Allah, but in fact he is a devil who misinterprets the scriptures and corrupts from within under the guise of Allah. The imam does not allow Muslims to become "sons of God who have eyes like fire and a rod of iron", but he only makes them minions of the pious.
(3) The imam ignores the fact that Jesus was crucified by Judaism, that he does not know that Judaism is a devilish group overthrown by Christianity, that he regards the family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim) as "the saints of the Islamic faith", and that he also regards the Old Testament, which was overthrown by the New Testament, as "the saints of the Islamic faith". This shows that the "imams" are corrupting the Muslims from within. "Such imams are the most formidable enemies of the Islamic world, and they are the "attackers of you", and you Muslims should You Muslims should "resist them, fight them, kill them" and use the "religious revolution" to achieve national independence and intellectual liberation in the Islamic world.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (205) Muslims who eat meat are "harming livestock", which is an evil act displeasing to God.
205: "And when he turned his face away, he plotted evil and ravaged the crops and hurt the livestock. Allah is not pleased with evil." (1) The imam who misinterpreted the verse and made the Muslims pass on the teachings of Judaism actually made them "Judaizers" under the guise of Allah, which is a manifestation of "after he had turned his face" and a proof that he was a "Ibn Abd Allah". This is a manifestation of "after he has turned his face away" and is a manifestation of his being an "Ibn Abdallah". (2) Not allowing Muslims to become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have been given a rod of iron", but only making them minions of the devout, is a sign of the Imam's "mischief and evil". Allah is not pleased with evil, but the devil is pleased with evil.
(3) The Imam's group misinterpreted the original meaning of Genesis and the Qur'an and did not know that mankind should "eat vegetarianism and not meat", which means "ravaging the crops". (4) The imam's group told the Muslims to eat meat other than pork, which is the demonic nature of the tigers, leopards and wolves who "harm livestock", and this is a manifestation of the devil's "harming livestock". This is a manifestation of the devil's wickedness. (5) Allah is not pleased with evil, but the devil is pleased with evil. You Muslims should "resist them, fight them, kill them" and use the "religious revolution" to achieve national independence and intellectual liberation in the Islamic world. You Muslims should "resist them, fight them, kill them" and use the "religious revolution" to achieve national independence and intellectual liberation in the Islamic world.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (206) The Imam who misinterpreted the verse committed a crime out of shame and anger
206. "And when someone said to him: Fear Allah, he sinned out of shame and anger. And the Fire will satisfy him, and that recliner is really bad." (1) Someone said to the "Imam": You cannot even state clearly that Judaism is in opposition to the Christianity of Jesus, and you do not think that Judaism, which crucified Jesus, and the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), who was rebuked by Jesus You do not think it is right to list the family of the crucified Jews and the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), who was scolded by Jesus, as "saints of the Islamic faith", and to list the Jewish Old Testament, which the Christian New Testament overthrows, as a "classic of the Islamic faith". That means you have misinterpreted the scriptures, Imam! You should fear Allah and correct your mistake. When the imam heard this, not only did he not correct the error, but he sinned out of shame and anger, classifying the Muslims who questioned him as "rebels" and punishing those who disobeyed them, and revealing the imam as a "dictator who is not to be offended". (2) When a wise Muslim did not submit to the imam's misinterpretation of the scriptures, the imam sinned out of shame and anger. The imam who does not satisfy his sense of majesty by the Muslim's rebuke is the imam who deceives himself, misleads himself and slanders God is suffering in the Fire. The fiery prison will satisfy the imam, that the recumbent is truly egregious.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 4 December 2017 15:20 17:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









