The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (226-238) on "Repudiation and Marriage"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

226. "And those who swear not to join their wives, let them expect four months; and if they return, then indeed Allah is Forgiving, Merciful." (1) The vow of not joining one's wife is an "intentional vow", said in the heat of anger, and will be rebuked by Allah as an "angry word". (2) If, after four months of waiting, the couple recant their vows and return to their old ways, the vow will be annulled. And they will surely be forgiven by Allah, for Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful.

227. "If they are determined to repudiate their wives, then verily Allah is All-wise, All-knowing." (1) Some women are really nagging, not only are they insensitive and intolerant, but they are also not gentle and virtuous, and they annoy men, and it is right for such men to resolve to repudiate their wives. (2) there are women who do not respect the man's parents, favor a child, mean another child, etc., belong to the selfish and narrow-minded, poisonous and mean women, such men are determined to repudiate is justified. (3) There really exists an ungodly woman who, if the man fails to repudiate her, will give birth to disease and a short and untimely death. And for a justified repudiation, it is permitted by Allah, for Allah is indeed All-Aware, All-Knowing.

228. "The repudiated women shall expect three menses; they shall not conceal what Allah has created in their wombs, if they are sure of Allah and the Last Day. Their husbands are to retain them while they wait, if they are willing to renew their friendship. They shall have reasonable rights and duties, and the rights of men are higher than theirs. And Allah is the Mighty, the Wise." : (1) The repudiated woman, when she expects three menstrual periods and makes sure that she is not pregnant. If they are sure of Allah and the Last Day, they must not lie and deceive, and they must not conceal what Allah has created in their wombs, and they must not conceal the fact of pregnancy. (2) While waiting, it is appropriate for their husbands to advise them to rectify their mistakes and make a final effort to retain them. If they are willing to come to an understanding and reconcile, this is good.
(3) They are entitled to reasonable rights and duties; the rights of men are superior to those of women, for men are the subjects and women are the auxiliaries. And Allah is the All-Merciful, the Most Wise.

229. Repudiation is twice, and thereafter they should be retained (by them) with good will, or liberated (by them) with good manners. And what you have given them shall not be taken back from them in any way, unless you fear that they may not be able to keep the law of Allah. If you are afraid that they will not be able to keep the law of Allah, then it is not a sin for them that she should give them their property for ransom. This is the law of Allah, and do not transgress it. Whoever disobeys the law of Allah is an unrighteous person.
230. And if he repudiates her, then she shall not be his wife afterwards until she marries another man. And if her latter husband repudiates her again, then it is no sin for either of them to marry her former husband again, if they both guess that they can keep the law of Allah. This is the law of Allah, and He has enunciated it for the people of knowledge.
231. And when you repudiate your wives and they expire in marriage, retain them with kindness, or liberate them with good manners; and do not retain them for the sake of harming them, so that you may violate them. Whoever does this has indeed deceived himself. And do not make a mockery of the signs of Allah, but remember what Allah has given you, and remember that He has sent you the Scripture and the wisdom to teach you. And fear Allah and know that He is All-Knowing of all things.
232. If you repudiate your wives and they are waiting for their marriage to expire, then do not prevent them from marrying their husbands when they have agreed with each other in accordance with the rites. This is to advise those of you who are sure of Allah and the Hereafter. It is more beneficial for you and more pure. Allah knows, but you do not know.
233. A mother should nurse her baby for a fortnight for those who wish to nurse it to the end of its term. And a father should provide for their food and clothing as a rule. Every man is to be charged according to his ability. Let no mother suffer for her own child, nor let a father suffer for his own child. (If the father dies), the heir shall be equally responsible. If the parents wish to wean by agreement, then they are both blameless. If you have another nurse to nurse your baby, then you are not guilty, but you must pay the usual wages. And fear Allah, and know that He is Aware of your deeds.
234. And those of you who have left their wives behind, let their wives expect four months and ten days; and when the marriage has expired, they shall have no sin against you in respect of their reasonable conduct. Allah is well aware of your deeds.
235. It is no sin for you if you ask a woman to be married with subtle words, or if you hide your intentions in your hearts. Allah knows that you will soon mention marriage to them (and therefore you are permitted to show them something), but do not make a secret covenant with them, but speak only what is reasonable, and do not enter into marriage until the end of the observance. And know that Allah knows your hearts, so guard against Him, and know that Allah is the Forgiving, the Forgiving.
236. And if you repudiate your wives, before you have joined them, and before you have made a decision for them, it is no sin for you, but you shall give them a separation; and the thickness of the separation shall be according to the wealth of the husband, as a rule; and this is the duty of a good man.
237. And if you repudiate them before you hand them over, and after you have determined the bride-price for them, then you shall give them half of the bride-price which has been determined, unless they relent, or the man who has made the covenant of marriage relents; and relenting is nearer to reverence. Do not forget reciprocity. Indeed, Allah is Aware of what you do.

The most valuable worship is to expose the words and deeds of the devil, the "Ibrahim", in chapter 2 of the Qur'an (238)
238: "And observe many of the worship services, and the most noble of the worship services, and stand upright in obedience for Allah." (1) This is a "test" from Allah, a "word-block". The purpose of this sudden appearance in the "rules of daily life" is to see if you can be misled by such a "test" and if you are, you will be eliminated and reduced to the devil's "Ibrahim If you are really misled, you are eliminated and reduced to the devil's status of "Ibrahim. If you see that this is a "test question" from God, then you have become "a son of God with eyes like fire and a staff of iron". Do you understand? Brother Muslim. (2) The phrase "keep the many worship services" is an elliptical phrase which means: to be at ease and to keep one's "soul" (God) untouched by the outside world, because the "many worship services" are what God has made possible. "This is the falsehood of the Son of God. If you practise the "many acts of worship", you are a mere mortal who clings to "falsehood and emptiness", and you have not become a "saint with God", and you have not become a "son of God". You will not become a "son of God" and will not be able to return to God in heaven, but will have to go to hell to serve your sentence.
(3) The "noblest form of worship" is not a more devout form of worship, but rather a general attitude that one is a "son of God" who does not need to worship devoutly at all. This is the most expensive form of worship, in which the words and deeds of the devil, Ibrahim, are used to reveal the state of "the son of God who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron". This is the most expensive form of worship. (4) There is no "obedient righteousness for God" without revealing the words and deeds of the devil, "Ibrahim". If one does not reveal the state of "the son of God who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", one does not "stand in obedience for God". (5) A Muslim who does not know the true nature of the devil, Ibrahim, and who only "worships and prays with devotion" is a lackey who is submissive and righteous for the devil.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 December 2017 17:40 18:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









