The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3, The Yellow Cow (259) Not becoming a Christ in life and going to hell in death
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (259) is "a desolate and decadent city" if one does not encounter the unchangeable truth of becoming Christ back in heaven during one's lifetime.
259. Did you not see that man? He passed by a desolate and decadent city, and he said, "How will Allah raise up this city which is dead?" So Allah caused him to sojourn in a state of death for a hundred years and then brought him back to life. He said, "How long did you sojourn?" He said, "I stayed a day, or less than a day." He said, "Otherwise, you have sojourned a hundred years. Look at your food and drink, which is not corrupt. Look at your donkeys. I will take you as a sign to the world. Look at these skeletons, how I have matched him, how I have set over it with flesh." When he understood this, he said, "I know that Allah is all-powerful for all things." : (1) Did you not see the man? No, because the Islamic world does not have the "sun of the east" and does not know that the "one" is the soul that is one with Allah. Neither do they know that the consciousness of their hearts in this life is the "soul of life". The Islamic world is also confused about the "guardian soul" that surrounds the skeleton after death. (2) The world is full of sunshine, people are not dependent on outside help, they are actively inventing and creating themselves, and they are learned and versatile "synthesizers", which is the opposite of the "desolate decadence" of the "sons of God This is the heavenly realm dominated by the "sons of God" as opposed to "desolate decadence". "Devotional worship" is akin to kowtowing to a criminal, "prayer" is a psychopath having a nervous episode, "devotional worship and prayer" is The expression of "desolate decadence" is the opposite of the heavenly realm of the "Son of God", a sunless night, a scene illuminated by the "new moon". The "desolate and decadent city" is a place where the devil "Ibrahim" plays with his minions in the name of God. (3) The literary device of "he passed through a desolate and decadent city" is a "metaphor", a "metaphor" for the fact that one does not encounter Christ in one's lifetime, nor does one encounter the unbeliever who becomes Christ and returns to heaven. His soul is like "passing through a desolate and decadent city" and is not renewed in its original form of life.
(4) The "dead city" is a dead and gloomy place because there is no life in it, no sunlight shining on it, and everyone is a muddle of "devotion and prayer". How did Allah revive this dead city? By giving it the "sunlight of the East", by making the "crescent moon" hidden in the "sunlight of the East", so that the people, instead of expecting external help, can actively invent themselves and become learned and versatile "(5) For God is the All-Knowing One. (5) Because Allah is all-knowing and all-powerful, those who believe in Him are single-specialist Muslims who have not accepted the truth of Allah and are minions of the devil, Ibrahim, just like the "dead city Like the "dead city". No Muslim is a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", but a "servant of God in worship", and such a Muslim is "a desolate and decadent city Such a Muslim is "a desolate and decadent city", like a "dead city".
(6) A Muslim who has been a "servant of God" all his life and who has not become "a Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" until his death is a Muslim who has lived a hundred years is a Muslim who has "lingered in a state of death for a hundred years. If such a Muslim lives for a hundred years, he is "staying in the state of death for a hundred years". (7) If a Muslim lives a hundred years, and his body dies, and his soul goes to hell, he has been raised. (8) The soul asks the living soul, "How long have you stayed in the world? (9) He (the soul) said, "I stayed a day, or less than a day", which means that "a hundred years of life is like a dream". He was unable to overcome his inertia in life, stayed in a familiar place for a lifetime, wasted a hundred years, and by the time he really understood the truth he was already in hell.
(10) The soul says to the life-soul (him): Otherwise, you have lingered a hundred years. Look at your diet, what meat you have eaten, and you can see that it is not corrupt because it was yours in life; it is all evidence of your sinfulness in breaking the commandments that led you to hell. You see the donkeys you have bred. Everything you have done in your life has been recorded by Allah's civil servants with a "video camera". When you go to hell, you will be shown a video so that you can see what you have done. (11) I will use you as a model for educating the world and telling it the signs of Allah. Do not follow your example, for you are a foolish man who has lived a hundred years without any value.
(12) Look at these skeletons of yours, what they do with their limbs, what posture they have, and what I have to do with them, when it is clear that I am your "Allah" in this life, and yet you go to the mosque for "devotional worship" and to Mecca in Saudi Arabia. You have to go to Mecca in Saudi Arabia for the "Great Pilgrimage", but don't you come back from the "Great Pilgrimage" in the same state? The "Great Pilgrimage" did not make you "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", did it? You are a fool who puts on these farces because you have been misled by the devil, "Ibrahim", and do not know it. You do not have the wisdom to read the Qur'an thoroughly, and you do not learn it well. You refuse to leave your ignorant imam to seek another wise teacher to solve your doubts about the Qur'an, and you blindly follow the crowd and flock to hell. (13) The muscles of the human being, as they age, are placed on top of the bones. The human body, which changes from childhood to old age, sickness and death, is called the "body of incarnation". When a person dies, there are "corpse-keeper spirits" around the bones, which are the same kind of demonic energy that is harmful to people, and that is why tombs are kept away from earthly houses. In the Book of Genesis, after Cain killed Abel, his brother, who had sacrificed a sheep to God, God told Cain to leave the place, to protect "Cain was protected from the evil of the bones.
(14) When you die without having become "sons of God", your souls go to hell, and the "souls" from Allah, which are not different from Allah, are broken off and go to hell with their "souls". The "soul" from Allah, which is one with Allah, is also broken off and goes to hell with the "soul". By the time he understood this, he was already in hell, because the Islamic world does not have these "basics of becoming a Christian", because the Islamic world is a world of moonlight under the "new moon", not a world of light with the "sun of the East". The world of Islam is a world of moonlight under the "crescent moon", not a world of light with the "sun of the East". (15) The soul (said): I know that Allah is all-powerful in all things. But you have all misinterpreted the words, "Allah is all-powerful in all things". "Allah is All-Powerful over all things" means that you should also become "All-Powerful" like Allah, but as a result you have not left the Qur'an in your lifetime, nor have you become "All-Powerful". You have not left the Qur'an in your life, nor have you become "Almighty", because not leaving the Qur'an in your life is a "single speciality", which is the opposite of "Almighty". (16) The Qur'an is a great treasure, an "encyclopaedia", and the only way to truly interpret it is to first become a knowledgeable and "all-powerful" Muslim. As a result of not leaving the Qur'an all your life, you lack sufficient insight to be able to interpret the Qur'an at all, but only to misinterpret the verses, mislead yourselves and spread falsehoods, and flock to hell one after another.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 13 December 2017 16:47 19:20 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









