The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (194-197) Seeking Allah's Reward for Abuse
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (194) Such people as ask Allah to reward them with bounties are insane and will be abused.
194. "O our Lord! The favour which You promised us through the mouth of the messengers, grant it to us and ask You not to abuse us on the Day of Resurrection. Verily, Thou hast not broken Thy promise." (1) There are two kinds of messengers, the devil and the Christ, so do not dismiss the messenger as a devil just because he wears the guise of Allah. (2) The words of the "mouths of the messengers" include the "falsehoods and questions" of Allah that test our wisdom, the lies of the devil that mislead us, and the teachings of Christ that lead us to righteousness. (3) All the favours that Allah has "promised us" are "false and empty" questions that do not exist, and whoever wants them is an insatiable devil. The person who recognises that the favours promised to us by God are all false and empty is the present Christ.
(4) He who asks God to reward us with "the favours promised to us by the mouth of the messengers" is an insatiable devil, a mad and insane man. (5) Those who ask no one, least of all Allah, but create with their own diligent hands, and Allah will reward us with the bounties due to us, and we will not be disgraced on the Day of Resurrection, and indeed Allah will not be pleased with such people. (6) Those who cannot create with their own diligent hands, who see "the bounty promised to us by the mouths of the messengers" and do not know that it is a "falsehood" that does not exist, and who ask Allah to reward you with it, such a devil of nerves as you are, will surely be humiliated on the Day of Resurrection. Indeed, Allah will not be pleased with a devilish slave like you, who has no wisdom.

(195) For there are two kinds of people, those who do good and those who do evil, and there are two kinds of reward from Allah.
195. "Their Lord has answered them: We will never leave any of you who does good without reward, whether he is a man or a woman - male and female are born of each other - a migrant to a foreign land, an evictee, a victim of the Lord, a fighter, or a victim of the Lord. We shall remove their transgressions, and We shall bring them into the Paradise which is below the rivers. This is the reward from Allah. And from Allah there is a beautiful reward." : (1) Those who do not know what it is to be a "doer of evil" and those who do not know what it is to be a "doer of good". Eating meat and killing, stealing in disguise, committing adultery, speaking delusion, and drinking alcohol are the "five commandments", and such people are "evil-doers". On the other hand, those who do not eat meat, do not steal, do not commit adultery, do not speak delusionally, and do not drink alcohol, and who keep the Five Precepts, are "doers of good". (2) Those who, like Jesus, speak and act in such a way as to call Judaism a demonic group, belong to Christ and are "doers of good". On the other hand, those who do not say or do anything like Jesus, who rebuke Judaism as a demonic group, and who make people into "worshippers" who only "revolve and pay homage, abide piously and bow down", do not belong to Christ and are not "doers of good". They are not "doers of good", but "doers of evil", and are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim". (3) Those who do good, God will remove their faults, and will bring them into the Paradise that lies beneath the rivers. And those who do evil, Allah will not remove their transgressions, but will send them to the Fire, where they will be punished. For there are two kinds of people, those who do good and those who do evil, and there are two kinds of reward from Allah. And with Allah there are two kinds of reward: the beautiful reward and the cruel reward.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (196) "Christ and the Devil, Paradise and Hell" do not cease to exist because you are a disbeliever
196. "And those who disbelieve, go to and fro and develop freely, and let not this thing deceive you." (1) Those who do not believe that "keeping the five precepts" is "a doer of good", and those who do not believe that "breaking the five precepts" is "a doer of evil "These are the unbelievers. (2) Those who do not believe that they belong to Christ and are "doers of good", as Jesus did when he rebuked Judaism as a demonic group, are unbelievers. Those who do not believe that there are no words or deeds like those of Jesus which call Judaism a devilish group, and make people into "circlers of salutations, pious abiders, bowers" who only "observe worship", do not belong to Christ and are not "doers of good". They are not "doers of good" but "doers of evil", and these are the unbelievers. (3) The unbelievers go in all directions and develop freely. Do not let the fact that "Christ and the devil, heaven and hell" do not exist deceive you. (4) "Christ and the devil, heaven and hell" do not cease to exist just because you are an unbeliever.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (197) Do not desire the slightest pleasures
197. "Those are small pleasures, and their future home is the Fire. And that mattress is bad!" (1) Eating meat and killing animals, stealing in disguise, committing adultery, speaking delusions, and drinking wine are the words and deeds of the "five precepts". What a terrible place to lie in! (2) Those who do not eat meat, do not steal, do not commit adultery, do not speak delusionally, and do not drink alcohol, and who do "observe the five precepts", are only enjoying a little less temporarily, but their future home is the paradise of the lower rivers.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 June 2018 19:10 19:46 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (190-193) Those who seek Allah are evil
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (190) God is the Creator of all things
190: "And the creation of the heavens and the earth, and the rotation of the day and the night, there are indeed many signs in it for those who are sensible." : (1) When Allah created the heavens and the earth, He gave birth to the taiji, which manifests itself in every aspect of everything. For example, the day is yang and the night is yin, and the "cycle of the day and the night" means that yin and yang are the opposite of each other. (2) To a sensible person, yin and yang are everywhere, for example: yang is dynamic, positive, male, Christ, right, good, etc., and yin is static, negative, female, evil, wrong, bad, etc. There are indeed many signs in this which indicate that Allah is the Creator who gave birth to all things.

A verse such as this in the True Exposition of the Qur'an, chapter 3 (191) is a "test" of Allah's wisdom
191: "And they stood, and sat, and lay down to remember Allah, and to think of the creation of the heavens and the earth, (and they said): O our Lord! You did not create this world in vain. We praise You beyond all things and ask You to protect us from the punishment of the Fire." : (1) These are the words of the Jewish prophets in the Old Testament, and they are the devil's way of spreading "ecstasy". Do not believe in such verses, they are not the original meaning of God, they are a "test" of God's wisdom. If you practice it, you will not pass the test and you will become a devil's slave who has been eliminated from the right path. If you ask others to practise such a verse, you are a devil, "Ibrahim". (2) We are all gods of the heavens beside Allah, who have become worldly beings with the mission of building a heaven on earth. Allah's infallible teaching is for us to reveal our true nature as heavenly beings, to become the Christ who subdues demons, to fulfil our mission and to return to paradise. We must not only be able to protect ourselves, but also protect others from being compelled and maimed by demons, and protect Allah's glory from being tarnished by demons, so that we can reveal the original face of the God of Heaven and become the Christ who subdues demons, which is what Allah wants. Asking God to protect us is the opposite of being the Christ who smites demons, the image of a trembling minion of the devil's cave, which is what the devil wants and which God abhors. (3) "Freedom from the punishment of the Fire" is not earned by asking Allah to protect us, it is earned by our own words and deeds as the Christ of demons.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (192) As long as we do not abuse ourselves, Allah will not abuse anyone.
192. "O our Lord! Whoever You send to the Fire, You have indeed abused. There is no helper for the unrighteous." (1) It is not Allah who has sent anyone to the Fire, but it is we ourselves who have no great wisdom, who have not overcome our selfish desires, who have not become Christ, and who have sent ourselves to the Fire. (2) Whoever has abused himself, you have indeed abused someone. If we are wise and keep the commandments, and do not abuse ourselves, God will not abuse anyone. (3) In order to prevent us from going to the Fire, Allah sent a messenger to the world to leave a book of scripture. Although the scriptures contain some heavenly information that is not easy to understand, if we are careful, we can find the key to decipher it. (4) He who does not eat meat, does not steal, does not commit adultery, does not speak untruthfully, does not drink, and is a righteous person who sees righteousness and sacrifices his life for righteousness, and it is the righteous who have helpers.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (193) God made Jesus a model of a righteous man
193. "O our Lord! We have indeed heard a caller to righteousness, and (He said): Be sure of your Lord. And we were convinced. O our Lord! Forgive us our sins, remove our transgressions, and make us to die in one place with the righteous." : (1) The opposite of "righteousness" is "superstition", and telling people what "superstition" is is the true call to righteousness. If he does not tell people what "superstition" is, they will not know what "right belief" is, and he will treat "superstition" as "right belief "He is the devil "Ibrahim" who makes people "superstitious" under the guise of "calling them to the righteousness of faith". It has been proved that the more the devil misleads us into "superstition" under the guise of "calling people to righteousness". (2) The opposite of Allah is the devil, and if you do not know what the devil is, you will not be sure of your Lord, and you will be sure of the devil as if you were sure of Allah. He said: Be sure of your Lord. But if you do not know what the devil is, and you are convinced of Allah as he says, you must have been deceived.
(3) The forgiveness of our sins and the elimination of our faults are the result of our words and deeds of reformation and reparation; if we have words and deeds of reformation and reparation, we cannot "forgive our sins and eliminate our faults". (4) If we ourselves take the initiative to become the Christ who rebuked Judaism as a demonic group, we ourselves will be righteous, and we will be able to die with the righteous. Allah will not make you a righteous person like Jesus who rebuked Judaism as a devilish group, nor will He make you a righteous person, nor will He make you die in one place with the righteous. Allah made Jesus a model of a righteous man, it is up to you whether you learn or not, Allah will never command you to learn Jesus.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 8 June 2018 16:58 18:30 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











