The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (176-178) Righteousness and Superstition
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Chapter 3 of the Holy Qur'an (176): Blind obedience and blind faith in an imam is "a person who is devoted to superstition" and becomes a beast in the Hereafter.
176. "Let not those who strive to be the first to commit themselves to superstition, let them not cause you grief. They must not harm Allah in the slightest. Allah desires that they should not be blessed in the Hereafter; they will be punished with a great punishment." (1) What would the "whirling salutations, the pious abiding, the bowing and bowing" of the "pious worshippers" do in Paradise if they only "worshipped"? Is there a shortage of such inhumane and inhumane dogs and minions in heaven? (2) If these "whirling saluters, pious abiders and bowers", who only "worship with devotion", were to arrive in heaven, heaven would be a paradise for psychopaths and a factory for the production of animals. (3) Jesus went to heaven because he rebuked the Jewish imams as "blind guides", revealed the true face of Christ "with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", and died as if he had been martyred. Those who only "worship with devotion", those who "spin and salute, those who abide with devotion, those who bow down", are not even half of the realm of Christ, they are all fearful minions of the devil's cave, they are all animals disqualified from being human, how can they go to heaven? (4) Those who do not think in this way, and those who dare not think in this way, are muddleheads who cannot distinguish between "righteousness and superstition", and are "unaware and superstitious people who have thrown themselves under the door of the devil". (5) Those who become Muslims and read the Qur'an but do not know how to read through the Book of Revelation and the Book of Genesis, and do not know who are the people who are different from Jesus, and do not know that Jesus is the revolutionary who overthrew the Old Testament and opened the New Testament, and do not think for themselves, but only follow the imams blindly, are those who strive to be the first to "throw themselves under the devil's door without knowing it. (6) Those who are only "pious" and "superstitious" are the minions of the devil's cave who are fearful and obedient.
(6) Those who only "worship with devotion", "those who circle and pay homage, those who abide with devotion, those who bow down", are the sons and daughters of the devil who have been taught by the devil to be the opposite of the Christianity of God, they are the opposite of the light, the darkness; just as day and night, man and woman coexist in They can only appear when there is no sunlight from Allah; therefore, they must not harm Him in the slightest. (7) Because they are demons in this life who have corrupted the teachings of God, they have committed the mortal sin of demagoguery, slandering God and harming the lives of people, and they will not be blessed as human beings in the Hereafter, but will become beasts to be killed by a thousand cuts after the completion of their punishment in the Fire. (8) There are many beasts in our world who are lower than men, and those who suffer the death of a thousand cuts, because they are the "superstitious ones" who will suffer a great punishment, which is why God has guided us to eat vegetarianism and not meat.

This is why God has guided us to eat vegetarianism and not to eat meat.
177: "Surely those who exchange righteousness for superstition will not be able to harm Allah one iota, and they will be punished with painful punishment." : (1) In Revelation 1 & 2 there are eight signs of Christ. In Matthew 23, Jesus scolds the Jewish imam as a "blind leader", an act that overthrows the demonic group of Judaism and exposes the "false and ugly" and promotes the "true and good". "It is the word and deed that reveals the true face of Christ (the Son of God), who has "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like the light of the blazing sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has the rod of iron". This is the religion of God that makes man Christ, and this is the "right faith". (2) Those who do not know what God's infallible incarnation of Christ is, and who do not have the awareness of becoming Christ; who do not know right from wrong, who are desperate for God's gifts, and who have become only "devotees of worship", "swirlers of salutations, devotees of abiding, bowers of bowing", are religious people. "Such a religious person is under the spell of the devil and has become a fearful minion of the devil's cave, and such a faith is "superstition".
(3) He who believes in religion and does not know what God has made of man the infallible teaching of Christ, and does not know what is the yardstick of "righteousness and superstition", must have become a "man who exchanges righteousness for superstition", and must be a confused man who exchanges righteousness for superstition. (4) He who exchanges his faith for superstition is an inferior person who has no wisdom, a confused person who has accepted a thief as his father, a child of the devil in the guise of Allah, and a dark demon of a feminine nature that is diametrically opposed to Allah. The demons are active in the darkness of the night when there is no sunlight, but when the sunlight appears the darkness recedes. (5) Those who exchange righteousness for superstition are the children of the devil in the guise of Allah, and they preach magic as righteousness, and lead people to hell and punishment under the guise of bringing them back to heaven, so that they are all guilty of the great sin of demagoguery, slandering Allah and harming the lives of people.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (178), gives preference to the children of the devil, and only adds to their sins.
178. "And let not the disbelievers think that it is more beneficial for them that We should give them favour. I will only multiply their sins by giving them favour. They will be punished with humiliation." (1) The "disbelievers" are those who do not know what it is that God has made man an infallible disciple of Christ, those who do not know what is the yardstick of "righteousness and superstition". Those who do not know what God has made man to be the infallible religion of Christ, and who do not know the measure of righteousness and superstition, and who do not know whether you believe in the "right way" or the "wrong way", are therefore (2) Those who know what Allah is and what He is not, are the "disbelievers" and must be the children of the devil in the guise of Allah, and must be the children of the devil who preach magic as the righteousness of the law. (2) Knowing what is the infallible teaching of God that makes people Christ, knowing what is the yardstick of "righteousness and superstition", not tolerating the words and deeds of imams, and exposing them as demons, as Jesus did, the imams who have been hit will reflect on their words and deeds and will reduce their sins. Therefore, the act of revealing the true nature of the imam is Christ's way of saving the imam from his evil and sinful ways. (3) If no one had exposed the imams as demons, as Jesus did, and the imams had never received any blow, the imams would not have reflected on their words and actions and would not have reduced their sins, but would have only multiplied them. (4) Because the imam has never received any blows, the imam will not reflect on restraining his words and actions, and will think that he is right, and will be happy to do harm to others, and will only allow his sins to increase until he is full of evil, and will go to the fire prison to be abused by various punishments.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 7 June 2018 08:10 10:00 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









