The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1, The Yellow Cow (5-17) Man and Allah are "mother and son"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (5) is a "mother-son relationship" between man and God, and the goal is to become a "saint with God", which is the right way.
5. "These are the people who keep the right path of their Lord, and these are the people who succeed." (1) The "right way of the Lord" is for Muslims to position themselves in relation to God as "mother and son" and then become "saints with God"; to become saints like Muhammad before they are born. (2) "The falsehood of the Lord". (2) The "evil way of false gods" is to make Muslims position their relationship with God as "master and servant" and never become "saints like God", not allowing them to become saints like Muhammad at all. They are not allowed to become saints like Muhammad, and they are made to be slaves who will worship "five times a day" until the day they die. (3) Those who do not know what the "evil way of false gods" is, but who "keep the right way of their Lord", will certainly regard the "evil way of false gods" as the "right way of their Lord". "Such people, indeed, succeed in becoming minions of the devil, because they are not wise enough or alert enough. (4) Only those who are sensible and sober enough to know what is "the evil way of the false Lord and the right way of the Lord", and who are wise enough to know what is "the evil way of the false Lord and the right way of the Lord", will be able to observe the right way of the Lord. Only such people who break the "evil ways of false lords" with the "right way of the Lord" will indeed succeed in becoming "saints who are not different from Allah".

(6) Those who do not want to become Christ (the Son of God, the Holy One) in this life are "disbelievers".
6. "And those who disbelieve, whether you warn them or not, it is the same with them; they do not believe after all." If you are not alert and aware of this, and if you believe it rashly, you will be hindered by the "word barrier" and will be "eliminated from the game". You will be "eliminated from the game" and become the devil's minion. If you are not wise and do not know that the question is a "test question" or a "counter-quote" and let others "follow the verse", you will mislead them and harm them, and you will be punished in hell. (2) Muslims who position their relationship with Allah as "master and servant" can never become "saints like Allah" and cannot become saints like Muhammad at all, making Muslims slaves to "five daily services" until they die. Such a person is a "disbeliever", a disbeliever in the right way of God, and a believer in the evil way of false gods. They are believers in the "evil way of the false Lord". (3) Whether or not you warn them who have been misled into believing in the "evil way of the false Lord" as the "right way of the Lord" is not the same for them. If you do not warn them, you do not provoke them to think, you do not make them reflect on their words and actions. Therefore, "whether you warn them or not, it is not the same for them". (4) It is not that "they do not believe after all", it is that for more than a thousand years there has been falsehood and the whole Islamic world has not known what is "the evil way of the false lord and the right way of the Lord" because it is not time for the "Last Judgement". "It is because the time of the Last Judgement has not yet come.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (7) "Those who have cataracts on their eyes" are the incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim"
7. "And Allah has closed their hearts and their ears, and they have cataracts on their eyes; and they will be punished with a great punishment." (1) Those who have never heard that their relationship with Allah is not that of "master and servant" but that of "mother and son", and those who position the relationship between Muslims and Allah as that of "master and servant" are Anyone who identifies the relationship between Muslims and Allah as "master and servant" is an incarnation of the devil, "Ibrahim". In the face of your warnings, they do not see the point, and they still stubbornly believe that their relationship with God is not that of "mother and son" but that of "master and servant", and that they have never thought that Muslims should become saints like Muhammad, and that they do not dare to give up The fact that the Muslims have not thought that they should become saints like Muhammad and have not dared to give up their "worship" to become "saints like Allah" means that "Allah has closed their hearts and their ears, and they have cataracts over their eyes", which means that they are "blind without ears". (2) Allah made Muhammad create Islam in order to make Muslims "saints like Allah", to return to the Kingdom of Heaven and never be reincarnated, not to earn "worship" from Muslims. The fact that Muslims do not understand this and mistakenly believe that "worship is the only way" means that they have been misled and deceived by the devil, Ibrahim, and that he is dominating Islam. Therefore, to make Muslims "worship piously" is to prevent them from becoming "saints of God", and such people are devils who mislead Muslims into the hell of the devil under the guise of God, and "they will be punished with a great (3) Muslims are aware of the fact that
(3) Muslims know that "they will be punished with a great punishment", but they do not know why they are being "punished" or when they will be "punished". This is because the time for the "Last Judgement" has not yet come. After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, Muslims will know and understand it completely, and a great religious revolution will be set in motion. When you see my interpretation of the True Qur'an, it will be the time when "they will be punished with a great punishment" and the time of the "Last Judgement", when "Allah" will really This is the time when Allah will really let the Muslims escape from the evil, liberate their minds, return to their senses, elevate their realm, and practice the righteousness of the Holy One who is equal to Allah, and become the Holy One who is equal to Allah.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (8) "The Last Day" is a prophecy of a "religious revolution"
8. "Some people say: We have believed in Allah and the Last Day. In fact, they are not believers by any means." (1) If you do not know what a "false lord" is and what the devil "Ibrahim" is incarnate, then you do not know what "Allah" is and you cannot truly You cannot truly "believe in Allah". If you cannot reveal what is false, you do not know what is true, and you do not have the righteousness of Allah, which means that you have not accepted the teachings of Allah and have not "believed in Allah". "Belief in Allah is the process of revealing the true nature of the devil, Ibrahim, and at the same time explaining to him the "infallible law of Allah and His infallible saints". (2) Not only is "abiding in worship" not "believing in Allah", but it is also the opposite of "believing in Allah", because "abiding in worship" is not "believing in Allah". (2) Not only is "abiding in worship" not "believing in Allah", but it is also "believing in false gods", which is the opposite of "believing in Allah", because the words "abiding in worship" were left in the Qur'an by Muhammad as a "test question". If you simply interpret it as "kowtowing", you are misinterpreting the original meaning of Muhammad, and you will be mistaking "belief in false gods" for "belief in Allah". In short, those who do not know what "Allah and false gods" are, and who do not know what "the righteousness of the saints of Allah" is, and who cannot reveal the true nature of the devil "Ibrahim", are They are not "believers", but are the embodiment of the devil's "Ibrahim" who has come to Islam to act as a mongrel.
(3) If there is a Last Day, then there is a New Year's Day. If there is no New Year's Day, there will be no Armageddon. Before the "End of Days" is the "Red Sun World" and after the "End of Days" is the "White Sun World". "The end of the Red Sun is the New Year's Day of the White Sun. Muhammad was the last messenger sent by Allah to mankind before the "Last Day" (the Red Sun), so Islam is the latest of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. (4) The "end of days" is the Mayan prophecy of the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the last day of the Red Sun, and the "New Year's Day", which is very different from the previous New Age. "It is the first day of the White Sun, followed by the emergence of a religious revolutionary who will overturn the previous falsehoods and usher in a new and unprecedented era of White Sun. (5) "The Last Day" is the time of judgment after the incarnation of the devil "Iblis" in Islam has been revealed, the time when the true meaning of Islam will be revealed to Muslims, and the time when the new edification of the Baiyang world will begin.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (9): "Those who do not know the devil 'Ibrahim' are minions who deceive themselves".
9. "They want to deceive Allah and the believers, but they deceive themselves and do not realise." (1) Those who do not know what "false lords and God" are, and who do not know what the devil "Ibrahim" is incarnate, but who take the Qur'an and tell people to "observe worship", are not letting Such a person is the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim", who "deceives God and the believers". (2) A person who has not become a "saint like Allah", who has not really realised himself, but does not realise it, and who pretends to be mysterious, disguising himself as a "prophet" under the guise of "Allah". "Such a person is the personification of the devil "Ibrahim" who is playing a farce of self-deception.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (10) "They are sick in their hearts" is a manifestation of the demonic nature of the devil "Ibrahim".
10. "And they are sick in their hearts, so Allah increases the sickness of their hearts; and they will suffer a great punishment for lying." (1) Sickness is the stagnation, deterioration, and destruction of the local qi and blood of the body. The disease in their hearts is the inversion of their selfish desire for fame and fortune, which leads to "falsehood as truth and wrong as right", which is a symptom of demonic possession. They do not have the wisdom to distinguish between "God and falsehood" and do not know that the purpose of religion is to make people "saints like God", and they "observe worship" with a numb mind. This is a sign of "sickness in their hearts". (2) In fact, it is not "Allah who increases the sickness of their hearts", but their own hypocrisy and deceit that "increases the sickness of their hearts"; that is, they use one lie to cover up another; that is, they do not understand the verses of the Qur'an, but pretend to understand them. It is to pretend to understand the verses of the Qur'an, and to take the "observance of worship", which should be abandoned, as a lesson to be observed; it is to understand the purpose of religion as "to worship piously and to be a servant of God", and to prevent Muslims from becoming "holy men like God". (3) To pretend to understand. (3) To pretend not to understand is to tell a lie. Those who do not know that the purpose of religion is to make people "holy with Allah" and not to make them "worship piously and become servants of Allah", but who claim to be "Muslims", are lying hypocrites. Such people are lying hypocrites and liars. They will suffer a great punishment for lying because they deceive themselves and mislead others. (4) Sickness, financial ruin, war, and all kinds of animals in this world are all manifestations of the "great punishment for lying".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (11): "The Muslims who do not become Christ are "evil-doers".
11. "And it was said to them, "Do not do evil in the land. Then they said, "We are only mediators." (1) Not only is robbing and killing evil, but lying to people is also the devil doing evil. (2) Not knowing that the purpose of religion is to make people "saints like God" and not at all to "worship piously and become servants of God"; but to make people "worship piously and become servants of God "(3) "We are only mediators. (3) "We are only mediators"? What are they mediators of? They are the devils who promote the teachings of the "false masters" under the guise of "Allah", and they are the devils who mediate Muslims who believe in "Allah" to the "false masters". They are the incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim" who mediates between believing Muslims and their "false masters".

12. "Verily, they are indeed evil-doers, but they do not realise it." (1) Those who do not know that the purpose of religion is to make people "saints like God" and not at all to "worship piously and become servants of God"; but those who make people "worship piously and become servants of God "(2) But they are not the spokesmen of Allah, they are the embodiment of the devil, Ibrahim. (2) But these incarnations of the devil do not realise that they are not the incarnation of the devil, they do not think that they are the incarnation of the devil, they think that they are "servants of Allah", which means that They have become pure devils.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (13) Fools are those who do not know the truth from the false and take it for the truth
13. "It was said to them, "Believe as the people do. Then they said, "Can we be as gullible as the fools? Truly, they are fools, but they do not know." (1) To believe in the Word, one must first know what is "Allah and false lords, the true and the false", and without the awareness and wisdom to distinguish between "Allah and false lords, the true and the false", one will take Without the awareness and wisdom to distinguish between "Allah and falsehood, the true way and the false way", one will mistake the "false way of the devil" for the "true way of Allah". To make people "devoutly worship and become servants of God" is the "false way of the devil". To make a person "a saint like God" is "the true way of God". (2) Those who believe in the Word, there are two kinds of people, those who are made to "worship and become servants of Allah" and those who are made to become "saints with Allah". (3) Believe as the people "worship piously and become servants of Allah", for those who speak in this way are devils who promote the teachings of "false masters" under the guise of "Allah". The people who speak in this way are devils who promote the teaching of false gods in the name of Allah. The only way to prove that one is a "saint with God" is to "keep worship" and to prove that one is a "saint with God" by breaking the "falsehood". (4) "Keep the worship of Allah". (4) To "keep worship" and become a "servant of God in worship" is a "foolishness in believing" in the falsehood of the devil. (5) Not knowing that it is the "true way of God" to make a person a "holy person like God", not daring to separate the verses of the Qur'an that belong to the "examination questions", and not knowing that They are not aware of the fact that the verse "keep the worship" means "part with what We have given them", which means that they are not wise, indeed they are fools, but they do not know it.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (14) Signs of the Devil's "Ibrahim"
14. "And when they met the believers, they said, "We have believed. And when they returned to their demons, they said: We are indeed your associates, and we have only fooled them." (1) After not knowing that it is "the truth of Allah" to make people "saints like Allah" and "servants of Allah in worship". (2) "They meet the believers and say: We have believed", which means that they have been deceived, and that they are fools who believe in the devil's falsehood. (2) "One's own demons" are one's own selfishness, greed, delusion and deceitfulness, one's own bad nature and bad habits. When people have "selfishness, greed, delusion and deceit", they have lost their "wisdom, justice, fairness and human conscience" and have become pure demons. ". (3) Not knowing that it is the "true way of Allah" to make people "saints who are not different from Allah" and not letting them know what the "true way of Allah" is, and making them "servants of Allah". "Such a person is indeed an accomplice of the devil. (4) To make people "servants of Allah in worship" is nothing but a farce in which the devil fools his Muslims.

15. "Allah will repay them for their foolishness, and will leave them to wander in disobedience." (1) The devils have fooled the Muslims into thinking that being a "servant of Allah in worship" is a "teaching of Allah", and Allah will repay them for their foolishness, for Allah is the Sovereign of the universe, and Hell is the place of punishment for the devils. (2) Allah will not stop the sins of the devils in the early stages, but will leave them to wander in their disobedience, and when they have reached their full measure, He will "repay them with their foolishness". (3) Why does Allah not stop the sins of the devil in time? Because all men are "selfish, covetous, delusional and deceitful", and they all pay the price for not keeping the right path. Without the devil, man would be "incapable of discerning right from wrong and truth from falsehood" and would have no great wisdom. The devil is as necessary and indispensable to the attainment of the "saints of Allah" as the night is to the attainment of the "saints of Allah".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (16) "He who breaks the evil way" is the one who "follows the right way".
16. "These are the people who exchange the right for the wrong, so they do not profit from their trade, and they do not follow the right." (1) It is Allah's righteousness that makes Muslims "saints who are not different from Allah". The Muslims have become "servants of Allah in worship", which is a manifestation of their slavery in a "misguided" and demonic cave after they have recognized the thief as their father. (2) In the guise of believing in Islam, Muslims do not become "saints with God" but "servants of God", which is a sign of "exchanging righteousness for wrongdoing". This is a manifestation of the "exchange of right for wrong". Such people have gone to hell for fooling the Muslims, and they will be punished by hell, so their trade is not profitable, because they are not following the righteousness of God.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (16) "And God took away the light of their fire" indicates the beginning of the Last Judgement
17. "They are like those who burned the fire, and when the light of the fire shone around them, Allah took away the light of their fire and left them in the darkness, unable to see anything." (1) Those who take the Qur'an and make Muslims "servants of the devout in worship of Allah" are "those who burn the fire". (2) He who takes the Qur'an and makes Muslims "pious servants of Allah" is sought after by many and becomes the leader of the Muslims, "when the light of the fire shines around them". (3) The more people he misleads, the more he will become proud and act out of his "greed for money, fame, power and sex", and he will be exposed and scandalised, and he will lose his halo, and his name will be broken, and his country will be destroyed. This is a sign that "Allah has taken away the light of their fire and left them in the darkness, so that they can see nothing". (4) Many people think that the leader of the Muslims must go to Allah, but if you look at him, you will find that he has not made the Muslims "saints with Allah", but only himself "saints with Allah". "Such people can only go to hell, and Allah will not only take away the light of their fire so that they can see nothing in the heavy darkness, but will also repay them with their foolishness.

Li Huaizhu Posted on 25 Sep 2017 18:15pm 5 Oct 11:22 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









