The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3, The Yellow Cow (286) Becoming Almighty is the Purpose of Religion
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (286) The words and deeds of those who seek Allah are the words of the devil, Ibrahim, and they are the "opposite" of what Allah has left for the Muslims.
286: "And Allah only obliges each man according to his ability. Each one will enjoy the reward of his good deeds, and he will meet the punishment of his sins. "O our Lord! Do not punish us if we forget or err. Do not burden us as you burdened the ancients. O our Lord! Do not burden us with what we are not able to do. Forgive us, pardon us, and have mercy on us. You are our Blessed One; aid us against the unbelieving people." : (1) "To charge" a person or body to do something, to hold responsible for its completion. "Allah only obliges each man according to his ability" means that each man has a mission and is a messenger of Allah, and whoever is able to do more, does more; each man does his duty. Human life is finite and human capacity is infinite. If one can overcome inertia, one can make a finite life create infinite capacity. (2) "Every man shall enjoy the reward of his own good works, and shall meet the punishment of his own sins"; whoever does it shall suffer, and no one can take over for anyone. Fame and fortune and the well-being of one's family are the rewards of one's good deeds. Sickness and wealth and failure are the punishment for the sins one has done. It is the cosmic rule of God that "good is rewarded and evil is punished".
(3) "O our Lord! Please do not punish us if we forget or make mistakes" are the words of the devil, Ibrahim, and are a "negative" message from Allah to Muslims, so do not follow them. If you follow such a tone of voice and speech, you will become a lackey of the devil. (4) If you forget or make mistakes, it must be because you have been misled by the pervasive devil "Ibrahim" because of your "lust for profit and lust for wisdom". No matter how much you ask Allah, it is useless to ask Him, because it is His rule that "you will be punished for your sins". If you are afraid of being punished, then do not "forget or err", but keep a clear and sensible mind at all times.
(5) "Please do not burden us as You burdened the ancients" is a phrase that is reserved for the "idle" devil, "Ibrahim". "This is a "negative" message from Allah to Muslims, so do not follow it. If you follow such a tone of voice and speech, you will become a lackey of the devil, Ibrahim. (6) If the ancients were able to carry heavy burdens, we can also carry heavy burdens, so that we are the direct descendants of the ancients. If we cannot do what the ancients could do, it means that we have degenerated genetically and do not have the qualities of the ancients. (7) In the early days of human civilisation, the ancients could only bear the burden of "a single religion", which was determined by the level of civilisation of their time. Today, human society is highly civilized, and the people's wisdom is wide open. A couple of millennia of "a single religion" is no longer enough to "raise the spiritual level" of modern man in the information age. If the modern people of the information age are allowed to practice the "single religion" of the past one or two thousand years, this is an extreme regression and bias, and is "lowering the spiritual realm", which is contrary to the purpose of religion to "raise the spiritual realm". It is contrary to the purpose of religion to "raise the spiritual realm". Therefore, it is inevitable that the "three religions in one, the five religions in one, the Baiyang Buddhism" will replace the one or two thousand year old "single indoctrination" of human society, and that the religious revolution is on the eve of its outbreak.
(8) "O our Lord! Please do not burden us with what we are not capable of", are the words of the devil "Ibrahim", who is a "good-for-nothing, light-hearted, idle man". It is a "negative" message from Allah to Muslims, so do not follow it. If you follow such a tone of voice and speech, you will become a servant of the devil, Ibrahim. (9) The fact that man is born without knowing anything and learns everything slowly shows that he has a great potential for competence and responsibility, and that the reason for "our inability to perform" is that the inertia of the feminine nature of cowardice and pedantry prevails over reason and enterprise. Religion is the only way for God to make a man a Christ and return to heaven. Anyone who cannot take on the task of revealing the true nature of the devil is incapable of being a "son of God" as he is, and cannot become a "son of God" and return to heaven, but only to hell. The words and deeds of "devotional worship and prayer" are a manifestation of the confession of sin in the criminal's life, which means that you have fulfilled the role of the devil's minion of "devotional worship and prayer" and the mission of the devil's minion "Ibrahim". (10) "I beg you to forgive me.
(10) "Forgive us, pardon us, and have mercy on us", are the words of the devil "Ibrahim", who is a "good-for-nothing, a light-hearted, idle man". These are the words of the devil, "Ibrahim", which Allah has given to the Muslims as a "negative lesson" not to be followed. If you follow such a tone of voice and speech, you will become a lackey of the devil, Ibrahim. (11) If you accept the Sun of the East and realise that you have been in the cave of the devil for a long time and turn to the light and never return to your old ways, then you will know that God has "forgiven, pardoned and shown mercy" to you. If you do not accept the "sun of the east" and do not realise that you have been in the cave of the devil for a long time, that you cannot turn from the darkness to the light, and that you will never return to your old ways, then no matter how much you ask Allah to "forgive, pardon and have mercy", you will not be able to make Him "forgive, pardon and have mercy". No matter how much you ask Allah to "forgive, pardon and have mercy" on you, you will not be able to make Him "forgive, pardon and have mercy" on you, for you are the devil's "Ibrahim" who fights against Allah's "infallible correction".
(12) "You are our Blessed One, help us against the disbelieving people", are the words of the devil "Ibrahim", who is a "good-for-nothing, a light-hearted, idle man". "This is a "negative" message from Allah to Muslims, so do not follow it. If you follow such a tone of voice and speech, you will become a lackey of the devil, Ibrahim. (13) The Muslim escaped from the devil's cave, left the clutches of the Imam, found the Messenger of God, passed on "the infallible truth that God has made man a Christ to heaven", and became "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", himself You are the "Son of God" who is bold enough not only to bless yourself against the unbelievers, but also to "bless and help" the weak who are good-hearted. (14) You yourself are a devil's slave who only "worships and prays" and cannot assume the duties and responsibilities of a "son of God", and cannot perform the duties of a "son of God". No matter how much you ask God, He will not and cannot "bless and assist" you, because you are the devil "Ibrahim" who have come to corrupt Islam from within. You have been misleading the "believing people" and using the magic of "devotional worship and prayer" to obliterate God's infallible truth, but in reality you are "fighting the disbelieving people" and making them see your devilish ways as "devilish". (15) Allah is the Lord of the righteous.
(15) Allah is the Blesser of the righteous, and whoever of you is a righteous person like Jesus, who "gave up his life for righteousness", you will not need to ask Allah to help you; and whoever of you is a righteous person like "Cain" (who killed "Abel", his brother, who sacrificed lamb to Allah), you will not need to ask Allah to help you. And whoever of you is a righteous person like "Cain" (who killed "Abel", the brother of Allah, by sacrificing lamb), you will be assisted without asking Allah. The "disbelieving people" cannot be confronted, but can only be persuaded, for faith is voluntary and comes from the heart, not by force. (16) Allah is the Blesser of the righteous, and you are a coward who fears death and is not a righteous person who gives up his life for righteousness, so Allah is not your Blesser and will not grant your request for assistance "against the disbelievers".
(17) Because of the bad habits of society, the human heart (soul) has a "dark, cowardly, and dependent" aspect, and these "dark, cowardly, and dependent" aspects are what prevent us from becoming "sons of God" in this life. These "dark, cowardly and dependent" aspects are the demons that prevent us from becoming "sons of God" in this life. All the words and actions in the classics to "ask for God's blessing" are God's way of magnifying the shadows and demons in our hearts so that we can find our "ills" and thus remove them to become "examinations" for Christ. "This is a form of "refrain". Do you know this, Muslim brothers? (18) To come out of religion, not to "worship and pray", not to become a "religious lackey", not to become a "whirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, a bower", in order to have (19) The elite of the Islamic world! (19) The elite of the Islamic world! We were all angels in Paradise, and in this life, although we are spread out among the nations, it is inevitable that we will meet because of the True Qur'an! It will also be inevitable that we will meet again in Paradise with Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 17 December 2017 11:00 16:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









