The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (130-132) The Messenger of God is the one who makes man Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Imam should correct his mistake in time and accept the promotion of the "Sunshine of the East" and the creation of more "present-day Christs".
130. "O you who believe! Do not eat the interest of repetition and doubling, but fear Allah so that you may succeed." (1) "Those who believe" must first know the innumerable "yin and yang" which are the same as "heaven and earth, male and female", etc., that is, they must first have "the righteous and the devilish". If you are not skilled in distinguishing between "righteousness and devilry" and are a "believer in the Way" who does not know what "righteousness and devilry" are "If you are not skilled in distinguishing between the right way and the wrong way, and are a "believer" who does not know what the right way and the wrong way are, then you will mistake the wrong way for the right way and not know it, and you will think that you are the Messenger of God when you are the devil's "Ibrahim". Therefore, O you who believe! If you are a believer who does not know what is right and what is wrong, you are a devil! If you are a "believer" who does not know what "right and wrong" are, you are the devil. (2) If you take the Qur'an and are an imam, and you make people "worshippers and prayers", "swirlers and saluters, devotees and bowers", and no one becomes a Christ (the Son of God) like Jesus, you are making Muslims into "devilish minions". If you allow many Muslims to do so, you are "eating double the interest" and although you do not kill Muslims, you are harming the lives of Muslims. You are the executioner of the demon "Ibrahim" whose hands are stained with the blood of Muslims.
(3) Greetings, Imams of the Islamic world. You know that God left the Qur'an to make man a Christ to heaven. How can you make Muslims return to God if you do not allow them to become "Christ like Jesus" and only make them minions who "worship and pray with devotion"? The fact that you have not made a single person a Christ like Jesus (the Son of God), except for the Muslims to be "swirlers of salutations, devotees and bowers", means that you have not returned the Muslims to heaven, but you are acting as "messengers of God" under the guise of God. "How will you be able to explain to Allah on the Day of Resurrection? (4) The fact that you are playing with Muslims with impunity shows that you do not fear Allah at all. Had you feared Allah, you would not have abused Muslims so much. (5) Fear Allah and see if you are not deceiving the Muslims, realising your mistakes and correcting them in time after the Last Judgement has been opened, and accepting the promotion of the "Sunshine of the East" to create more "You will be able to make up for your mistakes before you die, and after you have made atonement for your sins, you will be able to return to God in Paradise, so that you will not have wasted your life as a human being.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (131) "The disbelievers" are within Islam
131. "And beware of the Fire which has been prepared for the disbelievers." (1) Those who do not believe in the Book of Revelation, which is "the infallible truth that makes man Christ's return to heaven", are "disbelievers" and the devil, "Ibrahim". (2) Those who take the Qur'an and act as imams, but do not allow Muslims to become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron", are These are the "disbelievers" and the devil "Ibrahim".
(3) A Muslim who has not become "a man whose eyes are like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received the rod of iron" is a "disbeliever These are the "disbelievers" and the devil "Ibrahim". (4) The hell of fire prepared by God for the disbelievers shows that the "disbelievers" are within Islam. Beware of the disbelievers, and do not be misled by them into becoming minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray".

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (132) The imam is a devil, and he will not have mercy from his Lord.
132: "And obey Allah and His Messenger, so that you may have mercy on your Lord." : (1) Allah has a religion in order for Muslims to become Christ back in heaven. He who preaches the Book of Revelation, "The infallible truth that makes a man a Christ to heaven", and makes a man a Christ to heaven, is the Messenger of God in his own right. (2) Anyone who does not preach the Book of Revelation, which is "the true way to make people become Christians", and does not allow them to become Christians, is not a Messenger of God, but is an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim", who is wearing the guise of God.
(3) Muslim brothers, you should know whether your imam is the true Messenger of God or not, and then obey the teachings of God and His Messenger, for only in this way will you be able to obtain mercy from God. (4) If you do not know whether your imam is the true "Messenger of Allah" and then blindly obey the teachings of Allah and His Messenger, you will become a devil's slave who has taken the thief for his father and fallen into the devil's cave, and you will not be able to obtain mercy from Allah.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 13 Jan 2018 17:24 18:38 End of edit in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









