The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3 The Yellow Cow (264-266) Christ Rebukes the Recipients
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (264) The one who dares to "rebuke the recipient and harm him" is the "son of God".
264. "O you who believe! Do not rebuke the recipient of charity and harm him, and make your charity null and void, as if you were giving away property for the sake of fame, and disbelieving in God and the Hereafter. He is like a smooth stone covered with a layer of earth, which, after a heavy rain, is made hard and slippery. They do not receive any reward for what they give. Allah does not guide the disbelieving people." : (1) O you who believe! Do you know what the Glory of Allah is? Do you know how to maintain the Glory of Allah? Those who do not know what the Glory of Allah is and cannot defend it as if they were dying are not true believers, but are devils who believe in the devil's way under the guise of believing in Allah. It is only those who have passed on the true path of God's return to heaven that are believers, and they are the only ones who will die to preserve the glory of God from being tarnished by the devils. (2) The "recipients of alms" are the imams who receive alms from believing Muslims and the heads of mosques who receive donations from Muslims. Why do you say, "Do not blame the recipient of charity and do him harm"? What has happened to warrant "blaming the recipient and harming him"? It must have been the exposure of the scandal of the betrayal of the Word of God by the "recipient of charity". If the "recipient" had not betrayed the "way of the Lord", there would have been no need to "rebuke the recipient and harm him".
(3) If the "recipient" had not used the alms given to him to promote "God's infallible way for man to become a Christian and return to heaven", but had kept it for himself in the name of God, he would have betrayed "the way of God". "If you do not "rebuke the recipient and harm him", and if you "hold your tongue" and do not dare to reveal the true nature of the devil's group, you not only make your charity ineffective, but also give away your property for the sake of your name. You have contributed to the corruption of the devil's group, allowing them to escape justice and conniving at the arrogance of the devil's group, and you are guilty of aiding and abetting them. (4) If the recipients of charity do not use it for the promotion of God's truth, but keep it for themselves in the name of God, then they have betrayed the Word of God. "If you "rebuke the recipient and harm him" and let him receive the punishment he deserves, you are "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" and you are the one who upholds the glory of God and does not serve the devil. "You are the "sons of God" who are not defiled by the devil, the "sons and daughters of God" who carry on the righteousness of God.
(5) Those who give alms do not inquire whether the "recipient" has used the alms for the propagation of "the truth of God", or whether the "recipient" has not used the alms for the propagation of "the truth of God". If it is found that the recipient of the charity has not used it for the promotion of Allah's truth, but has disguised himself in the name of Allah and betrayed the Word of God, and yet he does not "rebuke the recipient and harm him", then this is the case. "Such a person is a disbeliever. He is like a smooth stone covered with a layer of floating earth which, after a heavy rain, becomes hard and slippery. They do not receive any reward for their charity, and they are those who give away property for the sake of fame, and they are also guilty of "slandering Allah and aiding the evil-doers". (6) When the "recipient" is found to have disguised himself in the name of Allah by taking property from others, and when evidence is obtained that the "recipient" has betrayed "the way of God", he cannot "The person who has evidence that the recipient has betrayed the Word of God, but who is unable to "rebuke the recipient and harm him", and who is unable to defend the glory of God and bring him to justice, becomes an accomplice of the recipient. He is not only a disbeliever, but also an aiding and abetting demon, the "Ibrahim". Allah does not guide the disbelieving people, and those who cannot uphold the "glory of Allah" are not true believers, but are devils who believe in the devil's way under the guise of believing.
(7) Do you understand all these statements? "Do not reproach the recipient and do him harm" is a "question" from Allah, which is a "counter-word" to see who can understand the "question This is the "test" of Allah, which is a "refrain", to see who can understand the "test" and become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". (8) If you hastily "read the text" and take it literally, really thinking that you have found the devil who has betrayed the "word of the Lord" and "do not reproach the recipient and harm him "You have been eliminated as a devil.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (265) makes more people "sons of God" and is the only thing that pleases God.
265. "He who gives away his possessions for the pleasure of God and for the certainty of his faith is like a garden on a plateau, which, when it receives heavy rain, becomes twice as fruitful. If it does not receive heavy rain, a little rain will be sufficient to nourish it. Allah is Aware of what you do." (1) It is the pleasure of Allah that more Muslims have come to know and practise "the unfailing truth of Allah" and have become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have been given a rod of iron". This is the only thing that pleases God, that Muslims become the present Christ who can return to heaven. (2) Knowing that only "God's infallible way of making man a Christ to heaven" is God's only teaching, and that those teachings that reduce Muslims to "whirlers of salutations, pious abiders and bowers" are the devil's. If you have such a state of mind, you are the one who is sure of your faith in God. Without such a state of mind, one is either a person who is sure of his faith in Allah or a person who is sure of his faith in the devil.
(3) He who gives away his possessions for the purpose of propagating the truth of Allah, so that more people may become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have been given a rod of iron", is a person who is sure of his faith in Allah and will certainly please Him. (4) To give away property for the printing of the True Explanation of the Qur'an, which is the "infallible truth of God", so that Muslims may see the true gold and silver in the "great treasure" of the Qur'an and become "sons of God whose eyes are as a flame and who have received the iron rod". (5) Surely Allah is pleased with you. (5) Allah is aware of your actions, for He is everywhere, for He has a "cameraman" for everyone. But when you reach hell, the civil servants of hell will show you a video of what you did and said during your lifetime, and then you will know.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (266), is the "Paradise of the rivers"
266 Who among you likes to have a garden full of dates and grapes, bordering on the rivers and producing much fruit, and then, when you are old and your children are weak, to have a whirlwind of fire destroy your garden? Allah has made clear for you many signs so that you may think. (1) The date, also known as the Iraqi date and the date palm, is a large evergreen tree and is an important tropical dried fruit. Native to West Asia and North Africa, it was one of the first fruit trees to be domesticated. It has long been a staple food in the Mediterranean and Red Sea desert regions. It has been introduced to South America, Australia and South Asia, with Egypt, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Iran being the most cultivated countries. It was introduced to China in the Tang Dynasty and is now cultivated in Guangdong and Yunnan. (2) "The rivers of Lim" means "the paradise of the rivers of Lim", that is, the paradise where God is. It is called "the river of the water of life" in the Book of Revelation, which "flows from the throne of God and of the Lamb"; he did not accept the "five religions of the family" of the Chinese Lamb and did not participate in the No one can reach the "river of the water of life" in heaven without having received the "five religions of the Chinese Lamb" and without having participated in the "marriage supper of the Lamb". The Chinese interpretation of the Qur'an has reached the Islamic world, and the "river of the water of life that flows from the throne of God and the Lamb" has reached the Islamic world, creating a "paradise of the rivers of life" in the Islamic world.
(3) The Muslims did not accept the Chinese interpretation of the Qur'an, which means that they did not find the "River of Prosperity". If Muslims continue to accept the millennium-old tradition of the imams and continue to be "devout worshippers and prayers", and do not become "sons of God", they have been caught in a whirlwind of fire that has destroyed their own gardens. (4) If a Muslim aspires to "descend to the paradise of the rivers" after his death, he must abandon everything and find the "infallible truth of God" and overcome all his bad habits to become a "son of God" who upholds the glory of God. (5) Allah has provided for you a way of life through the "path of God". (5) God has clarified for you many truths that you are "blind to" through such "literary devices" as "parables, metaphors, antitheses", etc., so that you may understand "The signs of the Paradise of the rivers, so that you may become "sons of God" who are broad-minded, quick-witted, and know all things by heart.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 14 December 2017 15:40 17:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









