The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (155-157) Christ by the blessings of Allah
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (155) Those who have not become Christ and are not "the steadfast" will not receive the "glad tidings".
155: "And We will test you with a little terror and famine, and with the loss of assets, lives, harvests, etc., and you shall give glad tidings to those who persevere." (1) He who knows that Judaism is a devilish group overthrown by the Christianity of Jesus, and who realises that the "Jewish prophets and Judaism" who practise the Old Testament are "devils and devilish groups", and who has such a state of mind, knows what is "He who has this state of mind knows what the messenger of God and the messenger of the devil are, distinguishes between the way of the Lord and the way of the devil, and becomes a "Christ with eyes like a flame". This is the first stage for all religious people, and it is called "self-denial". When one becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame", one has completed the first stage and has achieved "self-doctrination". If a religious person does not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame", he has not completed his "self-doctrination"; if a religious person does not have the ability to distinguish between right and wrong and cannot see the devil for what he is, he has become a "father" to the devil because he has "recognized the thief as his father". "If religious people do not know right from wrong and are unable to see the devil for what he is, they have become minions who are misled and abused by the devil's "Ibrahim". (2) If a religious person who has achieved "self-denial" is able to reveal the true nature of the devil with evidence, and at the same time reveal God's infallible way of making people Christ, he becomes "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has received the iron sceptre "This means that he has fully recovered his true nature as "a saint like God", that is, his "soul" in this life has reached the state of "soul" (God). This means that the soul has reached the level of the "soul" (of God) in this life, so that he (the soul) can communicate with God in Paradise at any time and has the means to prove that he is a "child of God, the son of God". This is the second stage for all religious people, and it is called "the degree of man"; it is "the degree of the Messenger of God".
(3) When one becomes a Christian, one has to face the devil and the devilish groups in the world. To reveal the true nature of the devil is to fulfil one's mission, one's duty and responsibility. It is only natural that the devil's group will rebel against him and attack him, that there will be "slight terror and famine, and loss of assets, lives, harvests, etc.", and that he will be abandoned by his family and society and become a rebel. "These are the questions and tests that Allah is testing you on, to see how you treat your "spiritual and material homes". (4) Allah generally takes away what you love first, depending on your attitude towards the loss. When you realise that all worldly love is "a falsehood that comes and goes", you will no longer be moved by the loss of your beloved, and you will have achieved "no sorrow and no joy". You will then become a true "man of patience", and God and the gods of heaven will report to you as a man of patience, and you will become a Christ in divine communication with heaven at all times, and you will have the means of healing and saving people to prove that you are a "child of God". (5) In short, it is only by becoming the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil's group that one becomes a "man of fortitude" and receives the "annunciation" of God and the gods of heaven. Religious people who have not become Christians are not "people of fortitude" and can only receive the "good news" from the devil, "Ibrahim".
(6) The path of discipleship is a long one, and you will not really have completed the "path of discipleship" until your life is over. Before you pass away, you will be bombarded by the "fifty yin devils" (a classification of the obsessive mind), and if you are slightly negligent, you will be "pulled down" by the devil in one way or another, and you will make a mistake. If you do not repent in time, you will have lost all your work and become a devil "Ibrahim" who "defected to the enemy". (7) Countless religious people have fallen into the "last mile of the road" because of their lust for false appearances. For the "imam" it is a "lifelong system, no renewal, no retirement", which is a sign of lust for the "imam". (8) The path of religious practice is the process of subduing demons along the way. If you do not distinguish the demons in the world's religious circles, it means that you are confused and have taken the wrong path. If you have not come out of one religion in your life, you are not "proficient in one religion" at all, because all religions are the path of the Messenger of God to heaven. If you are really "proficient in a religion", you can also interpret the classics of any religion, and you can distinguish between the "angels and devils" of any religion. If, on the contrary, you have never in your life stepped out of one religion and have not become "a Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in your mouth, feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans and having a rod of iron", then you have not "mastered one religion" and you are This means that you are a minion of the devil's cave who has been "drugged" by the devil, "Ibrahim".

(156) If you do not take your misfortune to heart, the devil (misfortune) will automatically dissipate.
156: "And when they are afflicted, they say: Indeed, we belong to Allah, and we will surely return to Him alone." : (1) They who became Christ, because they had been mentally sharpened by "the world and its mental qualities", were at peace in times of trouble. Christ knew that if one takes a disaster to heart, there is a disaster, but if one does not take it to heart, it will disappear. If one does not regard a disaster as a disaster, then one will be able to see death as death, and become a "righteous man" who is willing to do what is right and sacrifice his life for righteousness. (2) Allah is the invisible, omnipresent, life-giving "Mother", and in order to preserve the "Way of the Lord" from being corrupted by the devil, we do not take any powerful force to heart. We do not give up our lives for righteousness, and we show the true nature of the children of God. We have done what ordinary people cannot do, and we have made Allah proud of what we have said and done. "Will Allah, the old mother, take us to our home in Paradise? We don't care, we have just been good people with a clear conscience, and we will not fear the Judge even in Hell.
(3) Allah is the invisible, omnipresent, life-giving "Old Mother" who sees that everything in this world has four stages of falsehood: "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness". The "iron sceptre" of Christ is imprinted in the heart by the fact that all things in the world are false in their four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", by the fact that there is no law as the law of nothing, and by the fact that everything is empty. The "devotional worship, the whirling of salutations, the devotional abiding, the bowing of heads, the chanting of hymns and prayers, the doing of charitable works", etc., are all man-made forms of action (the law of action), which directly conceal and obliterate the true nature of the "soul" (which is one with God). They are all magic to make people forget the way back to heaven, and they are all methods used by the devil, Ibrahim, to create devils. (4) If we use the "law of inaction" of Allah to break the "law of action" of the devil, we will be rebelled against and attacked by the devil, and there will be "times of trouble". Only if we do not take it to heart and treat it as "out of sight, out of mind, out of mind", which is a manifestation of our reliance on Allah alone, will Allah subdue the demons and the demons will automatically dissipate.
(5) If we cling to our misfortune and become sad, we are being tormented by the devil. If we cling to gains and losses, whether they are "happy or depressed", we are being tormented by the devil. If we have achieved "no sorrow and no happiness", then all the devils will not be able to disturb us, and we will be the central expression of all of God's teachings, a sign that we have become "children of God" (the Son of God, the Christ, the Holy One who is not different from God). This is the sign that we have become "children of God" (the Son of God, the Christ, the Holy One).

This is the sign that we have become "children of God" (the Son of God, the Christ, the Holy One with God).
157: "These are the people who are blessed by Allah and His mercy, and these are the people who follow the right path." (1) Those who, for the sake of the Way of the Lord (the law of inaction), are not corrupted by the devil's group, and who break the Christ of the devil's group as if they were dying, are blessed by Allah and His mercy. (2) Those who do not know what the Messenger of God and the Messenger of the Devil are, who do not know what the infallible teachings of God and the teachings of the Devil are, and who do not know the difference between the law of nothing and the law of something. They have no awareness of the Law of Nothing and the Law of Something, and they have not broken the words and deeds of the devil's group, and they are minions who have accepted the thief as their father. (3) Those who practise the man-made forms of works (works) such as "devotional worship, circumambulation, devotional abiding, bowing and bowing, singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc., without becoming Christ-conscious, have received the blessings and mercy of the devil, "Ibrahim". "(4) The reading of the Book of Revelation is a sign of the blessing and mercy of the devil.
(4) Having read the Book of Revelation, I know that the eight signs of Christ are: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like a blazing sun shining, hating the Nicolaitans, and having received a rod of iron. Only such people with such eyesight can be those who follow the right way. (5) To call the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", as Jesus did, is to be sure of being righteous. To "follow the right way" is the process of "breaking down the evil way". Without the act of "breaking the evil way", there is no "following the right way", and you cannot make the "right way" manifest and established. This is the cosmic law of "no breakage, no establishment". Do you understand? The Muslim brothers.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 24 November 2017 16:25 18:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









