The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (158-159) The sign of Allah is "O"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (158) "Those who perform the great or the small pilgrimage" are the minions of the devil, Ibrahim.
158. "Indeed, Safa and Marwi are the signs of Allah. Those who perform the great or the small pilgrimage are not prevented from visiting these two mountains. Those who do good deeds of their own accord (will be rewarded with good deeds), for indeed Allah is Rewarding and All-Knowing." : (1) [Quoted:] "Safa and Maarvi. Speech: 30 July 2016, Location: the new main hall of the South Pass Mosque. Saifa and Malvi, indeed, are the signs of Allah. Those who perform the major or minor pilgrimage are not advised to visit these two mountains. One of the rituals of the Hajj is to walk between the two mountains of Safa and Marwi, "Indeed, Safa and Marwi are the signs of God", just as the Sunnah (bhangk) is also the sign of Islam. During the period of ignorance before the advent of Islam, there were two idols, Isaf and Na'ilai, on Safa and Marwi, which were kissed during the ritual of running. After the advent of Islam, the two idols on Safa and Marwi were also removed. There is no harm in visiting these two mountains for those who hold a great or small pilgrimage. Saifa is mentioned first in the Qur'an, so the Prophet started running from Mount Saifa, reciting, "I started (running) with (Saifa) which was mentioned first by Allah (in the classics)." It must also be said that it was a miracle that when Hadhrat Ibrahim placed Hadjilai's mother and son in the desert, where there was no grass, Mrs. Hadjilai ran seven times between the two mountains of Saifa and Marwi with great difficulty to save her son, and by the power of Allah, a spring of water gushed out at the foot of Ismaili to this day, which has been in constant flow for thousands of years, and has been carried by the Hadjis back to their homeland to give to their friends and relatives. "
(2) [Citation:] ① Da Chao: literally: to tend towards, to aspire to. Fiqh definition: to visit a specific place at a specific time and with a specific act. Teaching attribute: Once in a lifetime is the main order when specific conditions are met. ②Minor dynasty: literally: a visitation. Shariah definition: to visit Mecca at any time other than the minor pilgrimage to complete part of the rituals of Hajj. Fiqh Attributes: Once in a lifetime is an emphatic Sunnah for all those who are able to visit Mecca. Major pilgrimage: 8th to 12th (or 13th) day of the 12th month of the Islamic calendar; minor pilgrimage: any time other than the main pilgrimage. Great pilgrimage: the forbidden temple, Mina, Arafat, Muzdalifa, etc. Minor pilgrimage: can be done at the Forbidden Temple in Mecca.
(3) [Quote:] Before entering Mecca for Hajj, one must take the precepts at a prescribed place. It consists of: bathing and purifying oneself, putting on the abstinence garments, khoksha, abstaining from grooming, abstaining from shedding blood, abstaining from sexual intercourse, etc. Hajj pilgrims generally enter Mecca on 8 December - the day of the drinking of the camel - to perform the rituals of the Hajj pilgrimage. One of the first rituals is to enter the forbidden temple and visit the Khelbai (a stone temple inside the temple). Hajj pilgrims are required to walk around the Khelbai. The tour starts at the black corner and continues counter-clockwise for seven weeks, stopping at the black corner. Once the tour is completed, the pilgrims go to the Ibrahim's base near Kerbai to worship. The procession then proceeds to a spring inside the forbidden monastery to quench your thirst. The next ritual is to walk between the two mounds of Saifa and Maarvi in the forbidden temple. The walk starts at Saifa and goes back and forth seven times, stopping at Malvi. On the 9th of December A.H., the station of Mount Al-Fat is where the Hajj pilgrims take part in the regular Hajj rituals as a group. Hajj pilgrims are expected to be on time for the rituals and speeches held at Mount Al-Fat. If a pilgrim does not complete the rituals at Mount Al Fath, he or she is considered to have failed to complete the Hajj service for that year. The rituals to be performed after the 9th day of Hajj are to stop at Mount Muzderi on the way back to Mecca, where they perform worship and the rituals of remembrance and praise to Allah near the forbidden mark. The great Islamic festival of Qur'an begins on 10 December. The main rituals on this day are stone-throwing and animal sacrifice. This brings the Hajj rituals to a close.
(4) [Citation:] Genesis 21:9 Then Sarah saw Hagar the Egyptian teasing the son born to Abraham, 21:10 and said to Abraham, Cast out this ambassadoress and her son! 21:12 And God said to Abraham, "Don't be troubled about the boy and your maid, but listen to everything that Sarah says to you, for it is the one who is born of Isaac who will be your descendant. 21:13 As for the maid's son, I will also set up a nation of his descendants, for he is your son. 21:14 And Abraham rose early in the morning and took bread and a sack of water, and gave it to Hagar, and put it on her shoulder, and gave her the child, and sent her away. So Hagar went away and lost her way in the wilderness of Beersheba.21:15 When the pouch of water was exhausted, Hagar left the child under a small tree.21:16 He went away about a stone's throw away, sat down opposite her, and said, "I cannot bear to see the child die!" 21:17 And God heard the voice of the child. And the angel of God called to Hagar from heaven, saying, Hagar! Why are you like this? Do not be afraid, for God has heard the voice of the child. 21:18 Arise! Take the child in your arms, and I will make his descendants a great nation. 21:19 And God made Hagar's eyes bright, and she saw a well of water, and she went and filled a leather bag with water and gave it to the child to drink. 21:20 And God blessed the child And he grew up and lived in the wilderness and became an archer.
Note 1: "Sage Ibrahim" is "Abraham". Hagira's mother and son" are the sons of "Hagar the Egyptian", the wife of "Abraham", and "Hagar", the son of "Ishmael". Ishmael (Ismail), the son of Abraham's wife Hagar the Egyptian. What the Lord (God) said to Abraham was: "Not only shall those born of Isaac be called your seed, but those born of Hagar shall also be called your seed. Abraham did not even understand this, for he was a "prophet of the Lord", which means that "prophet" means "ignorant, stupid pig". The fact that the Egyptian woman Hagar and her son Ishmael were expelled by the devil's husband "Abraham, the prophet of the Lord" and had no choice but to leave is an indication that "Abraham, the prophet of the Lord" is not a devil who is personally extinct. Why is it that no one in the Islamic world can see that "Ibrahim the Holy" (Abraham) is an image of the devil created by God? This means that the Arab nation has been given "ecstasy" by the devil.
Note 2: The Book of Genesis does not mention that "Mrs. Hajrai ran seven times between the mountains of Safa and Marwi in search of water for her son, and the power of God caused a spring to spring up under the feet of Ismaili to this day", but why is this lie of the Jews taken as true by the Arabs? It must be that the Jews have infiltrated the Islamic world and become the dominant ones, so that the "Jewish lies" are taken as truths to fool the Arabs. This is a great shame for the entire Islamic world. To this day, the Israelis, who practise Judaism, are not only international and military enemies of the Arab world, but the "lies of Judaism" have long since become the "teachings of Islam" for the Arabs, poisoning the wisdom of the Arab nation and inverting the Arab world's "outlook on life and values". This is the "total victory of Israeli Judaism", which is a major defeat for the Islamic world.
(5) Did God create the universe, and did the two mountains of Safa and Marwi create it? "Do the two mountains of Safa and Marwi show that Allah created everything in the universe? No, and it does not. Since the two mountains of Safa and Marwi did not create the universe, and since the two mountains of Safa and Marwi do not show that God created the universe, they cannot be the "signs of God". The two mountains cannot be "signs of Allah". Why do the Arab nations not understand this? It must be because the Muslims have been drinking "ecstasy". Why did no one in the Arab nation understand that "Safa and Marwi are indeed the signs of Allah" is a test from Allah? It must be because the Muslims have drunk the "ecstasy". (6) When Allah created the universe, He created the "Yes" (Taiji) out of the "No" (Wuji), and everything is a kind of "Yes", a kind of "Yes". Everything is a kind of "being" and is born from "nothing", and is born of Allah. Therefore, there is no comparison with God, and He is "unique and one". Any image of the natural world is wrong as a "sign of God" because any image of the natural world is a "being" born of God and can only be a "son or daughter of God". It cannot be a "sign of God" at all. The "sign of God" can only be the "O", the "circle of infinity", which represents the infinite vacuum that encompasses the universe. The "O" can only be the "O", the "circle of infinity", which represents the infinite vacuum that encompasses the universe, and the expansion of the "O" is the "one", and the beginning and end of the "one" are connected to the "O". There are no two truths for the return to heaven, but only one, the "Immutable Law of Righteousness", which allows one to become Christ and return to heaven. This one "unchangeable law" is the way to become Christ, and when one understands this truth, one is "Christ with a rod of iron". The "infallible law" of how to become Christ is found in the Book of Revelation. If one understands the Book of Revelation, one can become Christ, otherwise, one can only go to hell, because "the right law is unique". With the consciousness that "the righteousness of the law is unique", and knowing that "devotional worship" and other "works of art" are the opposite of the "non-dual righteousness of the law" of becoming Christ (7) Not knowing that "God is the only one", and that the "works of the world" such as "devotional worship" are the opposite of the "unalloyed law" of becoming a Christ, and understanding this is "Christ with the iron rod".
(7) Not knowing that God is the "Old Mother" who created the universe and the unique "infinite vacuum", he proclaims that "Safa and Malvi are indeed the signs of God". (7) Those who proclaim that "Safa and Malawi are indeed the signs of Allah" are "scribes who pretend to be good, blind guides", and "Ibrahim", the devil who misleads Muslims to hell under the guise of Allah. (8) "Those who perform the great or the small pilgrimage" are ignorant and ignorant, and are the servants of the devil "Ibrahim" who plays with them in the name of Allah.
(9) "Indeed, Safa and Mervi are the signs of God" is a typical "test", and the one who knows the "test" is "the Christ whose eyes are like flames", the one who knows the "test". This is a typical "test", and the one who can understand it is "the Christ with eyes like flames", "the Son of God, the child of God". Those who do not see through the test are "scribes who are hypocrites and blind guides". The phrase "Indeed, Safa and Malvi are the signs of Allah" is an "omission", but the full phrase should be: "Allah" is the invisible, omnipresent, "old mother" who gives birth to all things. The complete sentence should read: "Allah" is the invisible, omnipresent, mother of all things, and nothing tangible in nature can be a "sign of Allah"; indeed, Safa and Marwi "cannot be" signs of Allah. (10) "Those who perform the great or the small pilgrimage" are originally minions of the devil, "Ibrahim", and they "have no choice but to visit these two mountains". Those who know what is the "infallible law" of becoming Christ are not "those who hold great or small pilgrimages", they do not "travel these two hills" at all, for they know that They would not have travelled to these two mountains, for they knew that the "sefa and the mahweh" were the "false and empty" distinction between the "Christ and the devil's minions".
(11) Those who do not know that the two mountains of Safa and Marwi are indeed "not signs" of Allah, and those who perform the great and small pilgrimages, such people do not know what is "good", nor do they know what is "good". They do not know what is good, nor do they have the wisdom to distinguish between good and evil, and they can only do what is evil as good, although they call themselves "voluntary doers of good". "(12) Knowing that "God" is the only one who can do good. (12) Only those who know that Allah is the "Old Mother" who created the universe and the unique "infinite vacuum" can be true doers of good and will be rewarded with good. Indeed, Allah will reward those who do evil and those who do good, and it is the law of the universe that Allah will reward the good and punish the evil. Allah knows who the evil-doers and the good-doers are and who they are not.

The Qur'an, chapter 2 (159), does not state that Jesus was a revolutionary who overthrew Judaism, or that he was a devil, "Ibn Abd al-Islam".
159: "And those who hide the clear proofs and the righteousness of what We have revealed to the world after We have made it clear in the Scripture, Allah rejects them, and those who curse in general curse them." (1) The "righteousness" that God has enunciated for the people of the world in the Scriptures is not directly stated in a "straightforward" manner, but by "metaphor, reflexive language, reverse thinking" and other literary means. The "right way" is not directly stated in a "straightforward" way, but rather by literary devices such as "metaphor, antithesis and reverse thinking". For example, the words and actions of the "sons of Abraham" (the sons of Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis show the evil ways of the devil, "Ibrahim", in order to familiarise people with the devil's farce, as opposed to In contrast, the words and deeds of Jesus, who called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", are the "right way" for the world. (2) The Qur'an continues to use names and stories from Genesis, using the same "metaphorical, antithetical, backwards thinking" literary techniques, with the result that Muslims spend too much time in "devotional worship" to understand Genesis, and thus misinterpret the Qur'an. As a result, the Qur'an has been misinterpreted, resulting in a situation in which "Jewish thought is filling Islam", allowing the Jewish community, under the guise of God, to dominate the "outlook and values" of the Islamic world. This is a major oversight and a millennial tragedy for the Islamic world.
(3) Neither "Christianity nor Islam" says that the words and actions of Jesus in Matthew 23, when he called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", are the "right way" for the world. "Not only does the Islamic world not know that Christianity overthrew the demonic group of Judaism, but it ranks Jesus with the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (of the Ibrahim family), whom Jesus rebuked, as the "saint of the Islamic faith This shows that "Christianity and Islam" have concealed the righteousness of God for the world in the classics, and that they have concealed the clear proofs and righteousness of God, and that "Christianity and Islam" are in the hands of "Jesus and Muhammad". "(4) The "Imams' group" has become a "Jewish group" under the guise of God. (4) The "Imamate" in the Islamic world makes Muslims spend so much time in "devotional worship" that they cannot have their own opinions about the Qur'an, and they have no sense of what it means to be Christ, let alone the wisdom of "Christ and the devil". The Muslims have no sense of being Christians, let alone having the wisdom of "Christ and the devil", and this is all because the "Imams' group" is a "Jewish group" under the guise of God.
(5) God has rejected their devilish "Ibrahim" because they are fighting against God's teachings in the guise of God, making people pass on the devil's teachings as God's teachings, and misleading those who believe in God to hell. "Christianity and Islam" does not mean that Jesus' rebuke of the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" is a sign that Jesus is setting out the "right way" for the world; it does not mean that this is a Christian overthrow of the Jews. It does not mean that this is a sign that Christianity is overthrowing the Jewish devilish group, but that "Christianity and Islam" is a sign that God has revealed a clear and righteous person. "The fact that neither Christianity nor Islam knows that they are hostile to the devilish group of Judaism means that the Jewish people dominate them, and that Christianity and Islam have hidden the righteousness of God from the people of the world in the Scriptures, and have concealed the clear proofs and righteousness of God from them. The people. Is this clear to everyone? This is the reason why God has rejected Christianity and Islam. The world-famous "Last Judgement" is directed against "Christianity and Islam". (6) The "general cursed" are all the wise and normal people, the awakened "revolutionaries", the angels with a religious revolutionary mission. "To "curse them all" is to expose Christianity and Islam for what they are: devilish groups, for God's religion is to make men Christ, and Christianity and Islam are to make them "chanters". The religion of God is to make people Christ, and both Christianity and Islam are to make them "sinners who chant hymns and prayers and servants who worship piously".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 25 November 2017 10:05 15:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









