The True Qur'an Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (89-91) Without becoming Christ there is no repentance
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (89) "Repentance" can only be achieved by accepting the "Sun of the East".
89. "But he who repents afterwards (will be forgiven), for indeed Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful." (1) The use of the knowledge acquired in early life as a theory to guide one's thoughts and deeds in the future, and the rejection of new or subversive statements that one encounters later on, is an obstacle caused by ignorance, stubbornness and adherence to foolishness. (2) "Barriers to knowledge". (2) The "barrier of knowledge" is the inertia of every human being, the darkest side of one's heart. The "greatest enemy is ourselves", as we know it, is our "preconceived knowledge barrier". Those who have overcome the "knowledge barrier" are revolutionaries who have the wisdom to change their hearts and minds. Those who fail to overcome the Barrier to Knowledge and turn to the light are those who fail to keep up with the new trend of the times and are abandoned by the times, those who are frogs at the bottom of the well, and those who are devils who are reduced to animals.
(3) Overcoming the "barrier of knowledge" and accepting new ideas is the only way to achieve "repentance and renewal". A "repentant person" is one who has overcome the "barrier of knowledge", accepted new opinions, and turned to the light, a revolutionary who has changed his heart and mind. (4) Without accepting new views and abandoning old ideas, one has not overcome the "barrier of knowledge" and cannot achieve "repentance and renewal".
(5) If a Muslim does not use the Chinese Qur'an as the only standard Islamic teaching, if he does not want to become a Christian, if he does not accept the "sunshine of the East", if he does not accept new opinions, if he does not abandon his old ideas, if he does not overcome the "barrier of knowledge "They will not be forgiven and will not be able to repent. They will not be forgiven and will be rejected by God, for they are pure devils, the "Ibrahim", and will live in the Fire forever. (6) The Muslims, using the Chinese Qur'an as the only standard of Islamic teaching, want to become Christ and return to heaven, accept the "sunlight of the East", accept new ideas, abandon the old ones, overcome the "barriers of knowledge" and achieve "repentance". They will be forgiven, for God is the Forgiving, the Merciful.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (90) does not want to be a slave to the devil's cave of "devout worship and prayer", but the one who escapes from it is the "new Christ".
90. "Those who believe, and then disbelieve, and become worse, their repentance will never be accepted. Such people are indeed misguided." (1) After believing, they returned to disbelief because the Muslims found the imam to be a "selfish, narrow-minded, mean and cruel" demon who not only failed to solve the Muslims' doubts but also increased their confusion. (2) The Muslims' desire to become "Christ like Jesus" was not fulfilled after they believed because the imam did not allow the Muslims to become "Christ like Jesus" at all. The imam only made the Muslims into minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray".
(3) The Arab people became believing Muslims in order to become "Christians like Jesus" and then returned to disbelief because the imams only made Muslims minions of the Devil's Cave who could only "worship and pray". Such people are the revolutionaries who overthrew the devil's group, the present Christ, the Second Coming of Jesus, and the direct descendants of Muhammad. (4) Their confessions will never be accepted by the devil's group, but the devil's group will not see their confessions because they will never repent for leaving the devil's cave.
(5) The ardent young men of Arabia, who go to faith with the idea of becoming a "Christ like Jesus", are disappointed because the imam does not allow them to become a "Christ like Jesus" at all, the imam only allows them to become Muslims who can only The imams only make Muslims into minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray". When Muslims saw the true nature of the imam's group, they again disbelieved, and when they saw that the devil's group was misleading Muslims, Muslims intensified their efforts to expose the imam as the devil's true nature, and the imam's group hated such Muslims to the core. (6) "Such people are indeed misguided" is what the Imamate says. The Imamate will say that such people are indeed misguided, treacherous and unacceptable to Allah.
(7) The words "such people are indeed misguided" are a "test" from Allah and are "negative words". "These people are indeed misguided in the eyes of ordinary people, but in the eyes of Allah this is the appearance of the Messenger of Allah, the candidate for the New Christ. Both Jesus and Muhammad belong to this group. "These are the elite of the nation, the revolutionaries who will drive the development of human society forward.

(91) Those who have not become Christ are those who have not believed in the "unchangeable truth" and are minions who have gone astray.
91. "Those who did not believe while they were alive and who will not believe when they die will not be accepted, even if they are redeemed with gold from the earth, and such will be punished with pain, and they will have no helper." (1) Those who do not know what is "the true and infallible way that makes a man Christ's return to heaven", and those who do not know what is the false way that the devil plays with the minions of the devil's cave, are all "unbelievers" and minions who have gone astray. (2) Those who have not become "sons of God with eyes like flames and a rod of iron", who are "swirling saluters, pious abiders, bowers", are all "unbelievers". "They are all minions who have gone astray.
(3) Those who are still unbelievers at the time of their death will not be accepted, even if they atone for their sins with gold, because he has reduced many people to the status of "whirling saluters, pious abiders, and bowers", causing them to flock to the fiery hell, and making them live in vain. They are the devil's "Ibrahim" and they will suffer painful punishment, and they will never have any helpers.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 4 January 2018 10:30 16:00 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









