The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (239-242) Fearlessness is the Son of God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Chapter 2 of the Qur'an (239), "The ritual of bowing down in devotion" is not taught by God, but by the Imam.
239: "And if you are afraid, then walk or ride (in worship). And when you are safe, remember Allah according to the rites He has taught you." (1) Such a "test" is impossible for those who have not become "sons of God" to understand the meaning of the text, and only allows Muslims to "read the text and interpret the words". It is impossible for Muslims to know the original meaning of the scriptures, which is why the "crescent moon" has become a symbol of the Islamic world. (2) The word "Christ" means "Son of God", a child of God who is in the same realm as God. To make a person a "son of God" is the "infallible word of God". The "infallible way of God" is the sect that makes a person a "son of God". (3) The difference between man and God is that man has a human heart and God does not have a human heart. Therefore, the process of removing the human heart is the process of making the "soul" of this life It is the process of bringing the "soul" of this life to the state of the "soul" (of being one with God). (4) Those who have a "heart" are mortals who do not know what is taught by Allah's unalloyed truth. "Those who have no hearts are the sons of God who have accepted the teachings of Allah's infallible truth.
(5) "If you are fearful" means that this is the manifestation of the heart, that you have not become a "son of God without a heart", and that you have not accepted "This means that you have not accepted the teachings of God's infallible truth, and that your imam is the devil "Ibrahim". (6) Those who are "fearful" are mere mortals who have not accepted the teachings of God's infallible truth. "Those who are "fearless" are the sons of God who have accepted the teachings of Allah's infallible truth. (7) "If you are fearful" means that you have come before the Judge of Hell. If you had not come before the Judge of Hell, you would not have been "fearful". "If you are fearless" means that you have come before God in Paradise. If you had not come to Allah in Paradise, you would not have been "fearless".
(8) If you have spent your life in a state of "fear" and you have been accustomed to "fear" all your life, you have become accustomed to the life of hell, and if you were to go to a "fearless" paradise you would feel the pain. "If you were to go to the heaven of fearlessness you would feel tormented and you would run from the place of fearlessness back to the hell of fearfulness. You will run from the place of "fearlessness" back to the hell of "fear. They are not "sons of God" who have returned to the "Old Mother". The son of God who has returned to his mother treats Allah like a child before his mother in our lives, not only without "fear", but They are not "fearful" but "fearless" and at ease.
(9) "If you are fearful, then walk or ride (in worship)" means to be "fearful" at all times, to be totally immersed in hell, and not to escape from it to become "fearless The "son of God" who is "fearless". Do you understand? Muslim brothers. This is a "counter-word" from Allah, and not the original meaning of Allah. Allah says "fear", so see if you know what "fearlessness" is. If your master, the imam, is a "blind guide", he can only make you follow the scriptures, he cannot make you see through the "refrain", let alone make you "fearless". He cannot make you a "fearless" "son of God", for the imam is a "fearful" criminal of hell.
(10) God is the invisible, omnipresent and infinite vacuum, the "Old Mother" who gave birth to all things in the universe. All things have four stages of "becoming, living, and deteriorating", and are born and perish in a false way, not in an unborn and imperishable way. The "rituals that God has taught you" are the "teachings of God", and the teachings of God are "the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law". To know the soul. To remember Allah is to "keep worship", to "empty one's eyes and close one's senses", and to enter a state of "thoughtlessness and stillness". To enter a state of "thoughtlessness and stillness of mind", to remain innocent and childlike, to do things naturally and without intention, is to remember God with the manners He has taught you. (11) "Pious worship and bowing down" is not a state of mind "when it is safe", but a state of insecurity "when there is fear", which is a sign of insecurity for criminals who confess their sins. "It is not a ritual taught by God, but by the Imam. It is a sign that Muslims have been reduced to the status of criminals who have confessed their sins, and that the devil, Ibrahim, is playing with the minions of the devil's cave.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (240) Widows may remarry
240. "And those of you who have left their wives behind, will for their wives and families, and provide them with food and clothing for a year, and do not expel them. If they go out of their own free will, then they are blameless to you in respect of their own decency. Allah is the Mighty, the Wise." (1) "And those of you who have abandoned their wives" means that women are left after the death of men. (2) If they go out and "remarry" of their own free will, then their ritualistic behaviour regarding their "remarriage" is not sinful for the children of your families.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (241) Not all repudiated women deserve compensation for their divorce
241: "Every woman who is repudiated deserves a share in the customary divorce, which is the duty of the fearful." (1) A woman whom a man has abandoned is a woman who has been repudiated. (2) The man should give the repudiated woman a share of his property as compensation for the divorce to which she is entitled. This is the obligation of those who fear Allah. (3) If a man does not give the woman who has been repudiated the appropriate compensation, he has not fulfilled his duty and is not a God-fearing man, but an ungrateful and ungrateful animal. (4) Women who preach evil religions, commit adultery with other men, corrupt men's homes, steal and cheat their husbands' property, treat their family members badly, etc., are evil women, and if they become repudiated women, they may not be compensated for their divorce, and such devils do not need the fear of Allah to do their duty to them.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (242), wherein Allah has made His Messenger clarify His signs for you "in argument and in opposition"
242: "And Allah has made His signs clear for you in this way, so that you may understand them." (1) Muslim brothers, Allah made His Messenger clarify His signs for you in this way, so that you may know the truth about Allah and accept His teachings and become "sons of God" who may return to the heavens. (2) The Qur'an, my Muslim brothers, is a "condensation" which leaves a wide space for your thoughts to generate wisdom and attain the state of the "sons of God".
(3) God has made His Messenger "dialectical and contradictory" to clarify His signs for you, so that you may know the truth about God, accept His teachings and become "sons of God" who may return to the heavens. You are accustomed to "argumentation and opposition". If you become accustomed to "dialectical and contradictory" thinking, you will become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". If you are not accustomed to "dialectical, oppositional" thinking, you will simply and superficially "take the text at face value", you will only take the scriptures at face value, and you will be eliminated by God's literary devices such as "examinations, metaphors, antitheses They will be eliminated by the literary devices of Allah, such as "examinations, metaphors and antitheses", and will become minions in the devil's cave of misinterpretation of the scriptures. (4) He who clarifies His signs for you "dialectically and in opposition" and makes you "sons of God" is the Messenger of God. Those who do not recognise the literary devices of Allah, such as the "test questions, metaphors and refrains", and who only take the verses at face value, are the "messengers of the devil" under the guise of Allah. The Muslims are brothers, what kind of imams are you surrounded by?

Posted by Li Huaiju on 9 December 2017 8:10 10:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









