The True Explanation of the Qur'an Postscript teaches you to read the Qur'an (Explanation of Vocabulary)1
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

"Allah": "1. In the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate": (1) Know not what a "false lord" is, nor what a " Allah". (1) Not knowing what "false lord" is or what "true lord" is, and not knowing what "false lord" is (Ibrahim). If a person does not have a clear definition of "false lord" and "Allah", he is bound to mistake "false lord" for "Allah". If such a person speaks about the Qur'an, he or she is bound to misinterpret the verses, and such a person is an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim", a devil who misleads people into slavery under the guise of the Qur'an. (2) All things in this world have four stages: "becoming, living, destruction and emptiness" (birth, old age, sickness and death), and are not unborn and immortal, but are unreal and false. The "false lord" is the Islamic "Ibrahim", the Christian Satanic Devil, the Buddhist Demon King, and the Taoist demons and monsters. Satanic demons create all sorts of "laws of action" that cause people to "turn their minds away and lose their own nature", so that they are cut off from the path to heaven and fall into hell. (3) "Allah" is the unborn and imperishable reality, the ultimate vacuum, the source of all life. Allah" is the Buddhist "Dharma body, Buddha nature, and the original spirit", the Taoist "Wuji", "Wusheng", "Baixue", and "mercury", and the Confucian "Mandate of Heaven". Confucius said, "The Tao cannot be separated for a moment, but it is not the Tao that can be separated", and Lao Tzu said, "There is something mixed up, born before the heavens and the earth, silent and few, independent and unchanging, circumscribed and unchanging, which can be the mother of heaven and earth. (4) "Allah" is "the Most Merciful" because He is the source of all life and gives life without being known to all beings. (5) He who speaks of "false lords and Allah" is truly interpreting the Qur'an "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful". Those who talk about "Allah" all the time, but do not know what "false lords" are, do not have a sense of "false lords", and do not have a clear definition of "false lords and Allah". "Those who do not speak about what is meant by "false lords and God" are devils who interpret the Qur'an in the guise of "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful".
(6) Why did Allah ask Muhammad to found Islam and leave the Qur'an behind? Because Allah wanted the Lord to make us Christ in life and return us to the Kingdom of Heaven in death. The teachings of the Qur'an are the law-vessels that "make us Christ in life and return to the Kingdom of Heaven in death". Only if we have the state of Christ in life can we be guaranteed to return to the Kingdom of Heaven after death. If one does not become Christ in life, one cannot return to the Kingdom of Heaven after death. (7) "God" is the true master of our hearts and minds, and is called "Gog" in Christianity, "God, Self and Dharma" in Buddhism, and "White Snow, Mercury and Dragon" in Taoism. Christianity is called "Ge Ge", Buddhism is called "Yuan Shen, Self-Nature, Dharma Body", Taoism is called "Snow, Mercury, Dragon", and Confucianism is called "Heavenly Destiny, divinity, Nature". In the Tanjing, the heart is the earth and nature is the king, and the king resides on the heart. Bible Revelation 17:2 The king of the earth. Because it is obscure, passive and of the feminine nature, the Chinese Taoists call it "Nuwa". (8 ) The consciousness we have in this life because our lungs breathe is the same nature as "Allah", a new individual after "Allah" has descended to the human world, also called "life soul, reward body, life "It is also called "the great adulteress, Magog, who sits on the waters of the world" in Christianity, and is of the masculine gender (boy), which is called "Fuxi" in Chinese Taoism. (9) We are all children of Allah, of the same nature as Allah, and Allah is our true nature in Paradise. When we know our true nature in this life, we have seen "Allah" and have become Christ (the Son of God); the book of Revelation is called "17:2 And the kings of the earth committed adultery with her", which means that "Magog saw Gog". If you see God, you become a saint like Muhammad, and you return to the Kingdom of Heaven. If one does not see Allah and does not become a saint like Muhammad, one cannot return to the Kingdom of Heaven. (10) Allah is like the yeast of fermentation, and everything in this world is a part of Allah's fertility, and we are all children of Allah. We are all children of Allah, and because of our mission to build Paradise on earth, we have descended from Paradise to the human world and have become human beings in this life. We have to go to our teachers to know who we are and to see Allah. If we do not see Allah in this life, we will not become saints like Muhammad and we will not return to the Kingdom of Heaven, but will go to Hell.

"The Last Day": "Volume 1, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow 8. Some people say: We have believed in Allah and the Last Day. In fact, they are by no means believers." (3) If there is a Last Day, then there is a New Year's Day. If there is no New Year's Day, there will be no Doomsday. Before the "End of Days" is the "Red Sun World", and after the "End of Days" is the "White Sun World". "The end of the Red Sun is the New Year's Day of the White Sun. Muhammad was the last messenger sent by Allah to mankind before the Last Day (the Red Sun), so Islam is the latest of the five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. (4) The "end of days" is the Mayan prophecy of the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the last day of the Red Sun, and the "New Year's Day", which is very different from the previous New Age. "It is the first day of the White Sun, followed by the emergence of a religious revolutionary who will overturn the previous falsehoods and usher in a new and unprecedented era of White Sun. (5) The "Last Day", the time of judgment after the revelation of the incarnation of the devil "Iblis" in Islam, is the time when the true meaning of Islam is revealed to the Muslims and the time of the beginning of the new edification of the Baiyang Shire.
The commandment of Allah: "22. He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and from the clouds He sends down rain, and by it He produces much fruit for your sustenance, so do not knowingly set up rivals for Allah." (1) Allah has made the earth the seat of the people to carry all things. And the black and white of the sky is a different tent for the people, to divide the light and the obscure. (2) From the clouds, rain is sent down to nourish the earth, so that it may grow plants, and the various plants may produce much fruit, which is necessary for the sustenance of life. (3) This is a clear command from Allah to "eat vegetation (grains, vegetables and fruits) and not to eat meat". It is a commandment from Allah to stop killing. (4) Your Lord created you and those who came before you, and He also created animals as friends of mankind, and if mankind does not treat them as friends and slaughters them wantonly, he is "knowingly making an enemy of Allah". (5) Animals are not man-made and man does not have the right to take their lives. Animals are born of God, and God does not mutilate them. If humans mutilate animals, the animals will have a grievance and will demand revenge after death. In the eyes of Allah, animals and humans have the same life, and if humans bully them, they should pay with their lives. (6) A person who eats meat cannot become a "saint with God" because of his karmic debt, and he will be sent to hell. There are birds that live on eggs, so eating eggs is also cruelty to life. Therefore, it is a commandment for practitioners to refrain from killing (not eating meat or eggs).
(3) Genesis "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears fruit that has a kernel." This is God's "commandment" to "not eat meat" and it is God's "command and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism ". Those who do not take these words to heart and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. He who kills an animal for God's sacrifice, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill and is a vegetarian". Do you understand, Muslim brothers? (4) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." Note: "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold" because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep "This shows that Jehovah (God) rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take the "flesh of the animal and sacrifice it" to Yahweh are given priority protection by Yahweh (God). Muslim brothers, this is a clear statement that "it is not lawful to eat meat", do you understand? If you still think that it is lawful for Muslims to eat meat, then you are all pure devilish "Ibrahim".

"Pure Spouse": "25. Rejoice to those who believe and do good; they will enjoy many paradises down to the rivers, and whenever they are fed with one of the fruits of the garden, they will say, "This is what we were given before. " In fact, what they were given was similar. They will enjoy a pure spouse in paradise, and they will dwell in it forever." (5) The "pure spouse" in the Paradise of the rivers is the result of practising the truth that makes one a "holy person with God". If a Muslim does not practise the truth that makes him a saint like God, he will not have a pure spouse and will not reach the Paradise of the Rivers. (6) Allah sent down an angel called the "Lord of the Earth" to become the "soul" of an Arab who was Muhammad. This man was Muhammad, and under the guidance of the angel (soul), Muhammad raised himself to the level of a "holy man like Allah" and reached the level of an "angel" (soul). The Prophet, who was a member of the Muslim community, left behind the Qur'an and returned to God after completing his mission. The angels, called the "males", and Muhammad are the "pure spouses". The angels are invisible to ordinary people and are divine beings like God, which are feminine; Muhammad is an active and aggressive man of the world, which is masculine. (7) Not only Muhammad, but any of us are in the same situation as Muhammad. Our souls are all "angels" (souls, genii, self-nature, dharma) from the side of God, who come into the world as a new individual with a soul (the body, the consciousness), which, under the guidance of the soul, practices the truth that makes one "a saint like God The soul is guided by the soul to practise the true path that makes one a "saint like God", to become a "saint like God", to reach the state of an "angel", to know which "angel" he is when he sees an "angel", and to know which "angel" he is in heaven. If one does not fall away during one's lifetime, one will be able to return to God after completing one's mission and will be able to live in the Paradise of the rivers of the Imrans, where one will live forever.
"Adhan": "31. He taught Adhan the names of all things, and then showed all things to the gods, saying, Tell me the names of these things, if you are honest." (1) "He taught Adham the names of all things", and all things have names because Adham gave them, indicating that Adham was the original naming authority. "The Adhan is the agent that God has placed on the earth at different times. As new things emerged in human society, various adhan appeared at different times and together they contributed to the development of human society. (2) The 'adhan' is not the ancestor of mankind at all, for the 'ancestor of mankind' could barely speak or write the words of today, and could at most express some meaning with simple symbols, much less announce the 'names of all things'. It was impossible to publish the "name of everything". To express the "name of everything" would have required thousands of words, which were not available at the time of the "Patriarchs". Therefore, it is rash and ignorant to describe the root of the Adhan as the "ancestor of mankind", and it is a "delusion" spread by the "Ibrahim". It is a "delusion" spread by "Ibrahim".
"Observe your worship and complete your zakat": "43. Observe your worship and complete your zakat, and bow with those who bow." (1) Allah is "the same God as Allah" in us, the same Self, the same Dharma body as the "gods of the heavens", our essence. Each of us in this life is a new individual who has descended to the world after the God of God has come down to earth, and the God of God in us is one of our three bodies in this life. (2) In this life, when we join our masters and close our senses, we "observe worship"; when we reach the stage where we can reveal the true nature of the devil, we can see Allah and become "saints like Allah". (3) "Keeping to worship" is a state of stillness and stillness of mind after sitting down, a state of silence, which is the opposite of your "devotional worship". Your regular daily kowtowing to God is not "keeping worship", but is a farce misled by "Ibrahim", and is a torture in a devil's den.
(4) "Zakat" is the merit of becoming a "saint with God" and returning to heaven, that is, becoming a "saint with God". "This is the right way to become a saint with God. The "Unbreakable Law" of becoming a "saint like Allah" consists of three parts: the cultivation of life through "internal training", the cultivation of divinity through words and deeds that reveal the true nature of the devil, and the cultivation of the "Five Rites and Eight Virtues". "The Five Rites and Eight Virtues" are used to cultivate the body. (5) The "non-dual correctness" of becoming a "saint like God" is learnt through the practice of "Zakat". Practising the "unalloyed righteousness" of becoming a "saint like God" every day is "completing zakat". If one has not learnt the "right way" to become a "saint like Allah", one has not learnt the lesson of returning to heaven, and one cannot "complete zakat". (6) By becoming a disciple of the adhan, Allah recognises that you have a legitimate master and that you are a full-fledged Muslim. If your master is not an adhan who has been commanded by Allah to transmit the dharma, then you are not a Muslim recognised by Allah, and you will not have zakat, but will only have the earthly lesson of going to hell.

(7) The true meaning of "observe worship and complete zakat" will not be truly revealed until after the "Last Judgment", and no one can truly reveal it until 21 December 2012, because that is the Satanic "magic time", the night of darkness. After 21 December 2012, the existing Christianity and Islam will be overthrown by the Middle Kingdom, which is known to the world as the "Last Judgement", and the true "observe worship and complete zakat" will be revealed. This is the "Last Judgement", as it will be known to the world, and it will be a sign of the true "observance of worship and zakat", so that the elite who have turned to the light will become "saints with God" and inhabitants of the Paradise of the Rivers.

(8 ) Human beings use semen to reproduce, so the "soul" in this life is the "essence" that manifests. By sitting alone in one place with one's feet on the ground and entering into silence, one can gather essence and turn it into qi by "practising one breath of qi internally", so as to prepare the foundation for the "soul" (spirituality and divinityuality) to fly out of the body. "This is the true practice of worship. In the Book of Revelation, "20:3 cast it into the bottomless pit, and closed it, and sealed it with a seal, that it might not confound the nations any more. When the thousand years are finished, then it must be released for a time", this is the "observance of worship" that makes Jesus the Christ, which means: shutting down the sense organs and not "worshipping" for more than an hour at a time, otherwise Otherwise, delusions will arise. (9) "Completing the Zakat" is to become the Christ in this world and then to promote Christianity by exposing the devil's true nature; it is to become, as Jesus did, "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron" and to demonstrate Christianity by rebuking the devil's group and by saying and doing things like This is the true "completion of the lesson of heaven", to be Christianized, to die as if to complete the mission and to become the Christ in heaven. You do not know how to become Christ, nor do you have the conditions for "completing Zakat".

"The holy man who is like God": the sign and the specific image of "Christ". (1) The signs and specific images of Christ are described in great detail in the first and second chapters of the Apocalypse, and if you ignore them, you become the devil directly, and you pass on the devil's magic as "the Christian's indoctrination into Christ". (2) The eight signs of Christ: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron.
Islam: (1) Islam is the religion that makes Muslims "saints like God", that makes Muslims "eyes like fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in their right hands, two-edged swords in their mouths, faces like the light of the blazing sun. He who hates the Nicolaitans and has the iron rod of Christ". (2) Any indoctrination that does not allow Muslims to become "Christ who has eyes like fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the iron rod" is not Islam in its own right, but is the work of a demonic group under the guise of Allah. It is a devilish group in the guise of Allah, which is trying to confuse people and harm their lives.
"The keys of the kingdom of heaven": (1) "The keys of the kingdom of heaven" are the infallible teaching that "makes the Christian Christ"; that is, makes the Christian " (2) The "keys of the fire" are the indoctrination that does not "make Christians Christ"; it is the indoctrination that, in the form of "singing hymns and prayers, doing charitable works", etc., makes people It is magic in the form of "chanting hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc., which makes people "turn their minds away from themselves" and is a variety of man-made "works of art".
"Prophets and False Prophets": (1) Those who dare to question life, to study problems from their own unique point of view, and thus to appreciate the subtle changes of life, and thus to study the meaning of life, and to think about how mankind can live better, and these spirits are beyond the reach of ordinary people, and they are therefore also known as (1) They are called "high achievers", or "seers". (2) A person who has magical powers and abilities that ordinary people do not know about is a "seer". A person who is able to know the future by measuring the past in some miraculous way is a "seer". "A "seer" is a person who has become an immortal or a Buddha, and has the ability to "subdue demons and heal people", also known as They are also called "half-immortals, immortals, living immortals, and jueishen".
(3) A "prophet" is a "Christ, the Son of God" like Jesus, who can subdue demons, heal the sick and save people, and has infinite powers. (4) The only true "prophet" is one who makes people "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron". (5) Whoever does not make a man "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron" is a "false prophet", no matter how much he pretends to be Jehovah. "The priests of Judaism in the Old Testament, or the "priests and ministers" who had the "priesthood", were saying things that did not allow people to become "Christ "They were all "false prophets" whose minds were dominated by the devil, Satan.

(6) Those who need an angel to convey Allah's revelation are ordinary people and are not "prophets" at all. Those who know Allah's revelation without any angel conveying it to them are the true "prophets".

"On the Day of Resurrection": "85. The reward of those of you who do this will be no more than humiliation in this worldly life, and on the Day of Resurrection, a sentence of the severest punishment. Allah will never overlook your deeds." : (5) "Resurrection" is the death of the body in this life and the soul becoming a saint who returns to God in heaven. The opposite of "resurrection" is because the soul is condemned to hell after the death of the body because of the evil deeds done in life. The "Day of Resurrection" is the day of death, the "end" of human life. The "Day of Resurrection" is actually "the day on which the soul of the human body should ascend to heaven after death". Because you did not become "saints with God" during your lifetime, and did not have the Christianity of Jesus to prove that you have become "sons of God who can communicate with God at all times", you cannot be resurrected "on the Day of Resurrection". (6) He has not become a "saint" in the sense that he has not become a "son of God who can communicate with God at any time". (6) He has not become a "son of God who can communicate with God at all times", he does not have the Christianity of Jesus, nor does he have the "great wisdom and the two-edged sword" that exposes the attacks on "Ibn Abd al-Islam". "He is a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God. Such a person "will be condemned to the most severe punishment on the Day of Resurrection", and he is the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim".
"Wisdom of life, wisdom of harm": 148. "Every man has his own direction, so strive for good." (6) God (the soul) considers it wise for the soul in this life to have wisdom and to be able to practise in this life the "infallible truth" that makes a Muslim a "child of God". If the soul is not wise in this life, and if it does not practise the "infallible truth" of making Muslims "children of Allah" in this life, and if it considers being a "servant of Allah in worship" to be the right way, then let Allah (the soul) be wise. (7) To save a person's life and to return it to God. (7) It is in the cause and effect that one's life is saved. This is the greatest good in the world: to promote the "infallible truth" that makes Muslims "sons and daughters of Allah", and to make them "sons and daughters of Allah" so that they will never be reincarnated. This is the greatest "good" in the world. Therefore, the good that you should strive to do is to promote the "infallible truth" that makes Muslims "children of Allah", so that more Muslims may hear the "infallible truth" of Allah and become the Christ of this world. This is the greatest "good" in the world. (8 ) To promote the "infallible truth" of making Muslims "children of Allah" by breaking the true face of the devil, "Ibrahim", so that people will recognise the devil, "Ibrahim". "You will be able to save people from being deceived by recognising the true nature of the devil, so that Muslims who believe in Allah can become the Christ of this world. This is the greatest "good" in the world.
"Barrier to knowledge": (1) What one learns in one's early years, whether right or wrong, becomes a yardstick or definition that one cannot surmount in the future, and thus one brutally refuses to accept new things related to it. Such an obstacle is the "barrier of knowledge", which creates the beast of a legal slave, who is "stubbornly stuck in his own way, who has a restricted view of the world, and who is blinded by a single leaf". (2) Therefore, we should not indulge in the fascination of the "kindergarten teacher" instead of going to "primary school, secondary school and university". We have to go through a lot of updating and accumulation of knowledge in our lives before we can become normal people with a wide range of knowledge and knowledge. If we are hindered by the "knowledge barrier", we will become "dwarfs" who will never grow up.
"The Covenant with God": "93. Then We made a Covenant with you": (1) The Covenant between God and you is found in the Old Testament, in Genesis: "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed, and from every tree that bears fruit that has a kernel": this is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" to "forbid the eating of meat". This is God's "commandment and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". Those who do not take this statement seriously and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. The person who kills animals for God's sacrifice, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God who "does not eat meat, does not kill and is a vegetarian". Do you understand? Muslims. (2) The covenant between God and you is in the Old Testament, Genesis: "4:15 And the Lord said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": "He who kills Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD", and also killed The brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills someone who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh will be protected by Yahweh in a focused way. Understand? Muslims.
The covenant to "eat vegetarianism and not meat": The Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow: "168. You may eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, and do not follow the devil, for he is your clear enemy." (1) "22: He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and from the clouds he sends down rain, and by it he produces much fruit for your sustenance." Open your eyes, Muslims, and see clearly that the phrase "bring forth much fruit by the rain for your sustenance" means that all plants are "lawful and good food" for human beings to eat. (2) Muslims, as long as you are not animals, should know that "the rain brings forth much fruit for your sustenance", which is a clear command from God that Muslims should "eat vegetarianism and not eat meat". If you do not think that this is Allah's clear command to Muslims to "eat vegetarianism and not to eat meat", then you are all devils and "Ibrahim". (3) For Allah has told you before, "Bring forth much fruit by the rain for your sustenance", meaning that only the fruit of the rain is "lawful and good food". If you not only eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, but also kill animals for their flesh, you are following in the footsteps of the devil, for all devils are flesh-eating animals. (4) When a flesh-eating animal eats the flesh of the weak, it will itself be eaten by the strong, and will suffer its own "reward for killing others". The man who kills an animal and eats its flesh is bullying the strong and will suffer the corresponding retribution himself, so that killing and eating flesh is indeed the clear enemy of you humans.
(5) Meat products and eggs are high in fat and cholesterol, which thicken blood lipids and prevent blood vessels from flowing smoothly, thus causing various diseases. Painful illnesses and surgical operations are all signs of suffering from the present. (6) Animals are not man-made and man does not have the right to take their lives. Animals are born of God, and God does not mutilate them. When humans mutilate animals, the animals will have a grievance and will demand retribution after death. In the eyes of Allah, animals and humans have the same life, and if humans bully and kill animals, they should pay with their lives.

(7) Because people eat all kinds of animals, there are various kinds of animal punishments in hell. For example, "chicken hell" is a punishment for those who ate chicken during their lifetime. The number of bites of chicken eaten in life is recorded by the civil servants in hell. The punishment is based on the rule of "one bite, ten bites back". The souls of those who ate chicken in their lifetime are taken to the "chicken hell", where the civil servant who carries out the punishment is an iron cock with a bronze beak and steel teeth. The rooster pecked away the flesh and entrails of the sinful soul with his bronze beak and steel teeth, leaving the soul to recover at night and to be tortured again the next day until the punishment was complete. Each bite from the iron cock causes the soul to scream in agony. The rest of the "lamb hell, beef hell" and so on, are the same. In short, whatever meat you ate during your life will be punished, and this is "balance and retribution".

(8 ) Muslim brothers, the book that shows the punishment of hell is called "Travels in Hell" and you don't have it in the Islamic world, you only have a copy of the Qur'an and even if you had it you wouldn't read it because the Imam doesn't give you the opportunity to "study abroad, broaden your horizons and surpass them". (26 November 2017, 18:00)

The verse that forbids "eating meat": Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow 173: "He only forbids you to eat from dead things, blood, pork, and animals slaughtered in the name of Allah; and whoever is compelled by circumstances, not of his own free will, and not excessively, (though he eats forbidden things), is not guilty. For indeed Allah is Forgiving, Merciful." (1) "He has only forbidden you to eat from dead things, blood, pork, and animals slaughtered in the name of Allah" is a "test" of your wisdom. If you "take the text for what it says", you are "deaf, dumb and blind" and disabled, which means that you are like "animals that only hear cries". (2) "Self-dead animals" and animals that are actively killed are both animals. "The animal that has been killed of its own accord should also be "forbidden to you to eat". With such an understanding, one is sane, rational, and a person of high state.
(3) All meat is nourished by "blood" and "blood" is the "mother" of meat. Without "blood" there would be no meat, and "blood" and meat are inseparable "mother and child". "Forbid you to eat blood" means "forbid you to eat meat". If you Muslims do not have this kind of thinking, if you do not have this kind of insight, then you are "deaf, dumb and blind", disabled people, and you are like "animals that only hear cries".

(4) "Pork" is one of all meats, and if "only pork is forbidden to you", then all other meats should also be "forbidden". If you Muslims do not think in this way, if you do not have such an opinion, then you are "deaf, dumb and blind" and disabled, and you are like "animals that only hear cries". (5) The Muslims only do not eat "pork" but other meats, which is a perversion of the thinking that "the Arab nation is a human being and the rest of the world is not". The "prophets of Judaism" were all devils with such "self-deceiving" thinking. (6) In the Book of Genesis, God gave the word "Abraham" (Ibrahim) the name "prophet", which means "ignorant". The change from "Abram" to "Abraham", which in Chinese means "Abram" is a simpleton, is just a way of using "Chinese "It is just a way of making fun of "Abram".

(10) When you understand the above, you will know that the so-called "slaughtering of animals in the name of Allah" is the devil's way of saying to Allah, who "requires vegetarianism and does not allow animals to be killed for meat", "Allah, did you not tell "those who believe" to "eat vegetarianism and not to kill animals for meat"? Allah, did you not tell "those who believe in Allah" to "be vegetarians and not to kill animals for meat"? Do you see? I am deliberately working against you in front of you, and I tell you every time before I "kill an animal for meat" that I make you watch the animal being killed, so that you do not know that we are the devil "Ibrahim" who "kill animals for meat". "(11) Do you understand? (11) Do you understand? "Slaughtering animals in the name of Allah" is the devil "Ibrahim" insulting Allah with his actual act of killing life. "What part of the believers are those who "slaughter animals in the name of Allah" and eat meat? Is there anyone who does not know?

The original meaning of "the house of heaven": Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow, 127: "Then Ibrahim and Ishmael raised the foundation of the house of heaven, and they both prayed, saying, "O our Lord! Accept our salutations, indeed You are All-Seerful and All-Knowing." (1) The "heavenly house" is the house of the old family in heaven, not the house of the world, which is inhabited by the "holy ones who are not different from God". To consider a human house to be a "heavenly house" is to be insane, "to take falsehood for truth, right for wrong, black and white, and insane". The "foundation of the house of heaven" means that to be Christ is the foundation of the return to heaven. (2) "Ibrahim and Ishmael" appears in Genesis 16-21, where God's purpose is to make known that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) expelled his own son, "Ishmael (Ishmael), the son of Abraham (Ibrahim), so that they might realise that "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the "prophet", was a devil without humanity, and so that the Muslims might develop the "eyes of fire" that only Christ has. The eyes of the flames" that only Christ has. With "eyes like a flame", one becomes a Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and who, if he does not fall away during his lifetime and fulfils his mission, will be able to return to the "heavenly room" in a hundred years. (3) The Muslim who, because of the story of "Ibrahim and Yishmael", discovers that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the true face of the devil, becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame He became "the Christ with eyes like a flame" and was able to return to the "heavenly room" in a hundred years if he did not fall away during his lifetime and fulfilled his mission. This is how "Ibrahim and Ishmael" "raised the foundations of the house of heaven", do you know all about it, Muslim brothers?
(4) "Ibrahim and Ishmael" are the "two actors" that Allah has placed in the Book of Genesis to let us know that "Abel

Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the devil and what the devil says and does. If you do not know that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the devil, you have not understood the book of Genesis, you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", and you are a devil's lackey misled by the devil "Ibrahim". This means that you are a minion of the devil who has been misled by the devil "Ibrahim". If you do what "Abraham" (Ibrahim) says, you will make the Muslims follow the "fire and brimstone" of "Abraham" (Ibrahim). If you do what "Abraham" (Ibrahim) said, if you make Muslims do what "Abraham" (Ibrahim) said, you become a "Jew" under the guise of Islam, you become a "Jew" who is rebuked by Jesus. "You are the "hypocritical scribe, the blind leader" whom Jesus rebuked. (5) The words of the prayers of Ibrahim and Ishmael are not for Muslims to become Christ, they are for Muslims to become "servants of God in worship", they are not for Muslims to "build the foundation of the house of heaven", they are for Muslims to "build the foundation of the house of heaven". Neither of them is for Muslims to "build the foundations of the house of heaven", but for Muslims to "build the foundations of the Fire".

(6) "O our Lord! Accept our homage, for thou art indeed all-wise, indeed all-knowing", are the words of "the swirling saluters, the pious abiders, the bowers", the opposite of Jesus' rebuke of the Jews as "hypocritical scribes, blind leaders". "It is the opposite of what the devil told the devil's minions to say. (7) To reveal the true nature of the "Son of God", as Jesus rebuked the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", is to "build the foundation of the house of heaven". And he said Say "Our Lord! You are indeed all-wise and all-knowing", such a person is a devil's lackey who has been misled by the devil's "ebony boy", and is a manifestation of "building the foundations of the house of fire". (8 ) Those who know that "prayer" is the opposite of the "all-seeing, all-knowing" God are the devil's minions, the "all-seeing, all-knowing" God incarnate, the "Son of God" like Jesus. Such a person is the incarnation of God, the "Son of God", as Jesus was. Such a "word of praise" is a devil's minion pandering to the devil king. (9) The fact that you have not become the "all-seeing, all-knowing" Christ, when Allah is "all-seeing, all-knowing", shows that there is no teaching from Allah in the world, and it is also a slander and insult to Allah.

(10) Because of this phrase, "Ibrahim and Ishmael built the foundation of the House of Heaven", the Islamic world regards this "House of Heaven" as the "House of Kerbai" in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. "This is a disgrace to the Islamic world and is a sign that no one in the Islamic world understands the Book of Genesis. The elite of the Islamic world are invited to read Genesis 16-21 again and think about who "Ibrahim" (Abraham) was, and then they will know why "Ibrahim and Ishmael" are compared to each other. The original meaning of the word "heavenly house" will be clear.

The original meaning of "the forbidden temple": Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow 144: "Indeed, We have seen you looking up to the sky repeatedly, so We shall turn you to the direction of your delight. And you shall turn your face towards the forbidden temple. Wherever you are, turn your lids to the forbidden temple. Surely those who have received the Scripture know that it is a truth sent down from their Lord, and Allah will never overlook their deeds." (1) After you have accumulated insight for several decades, "you will look up at the sky repeatedly" and find that it is round, and after you have gained the wisdom to be round and unhindered, you will find that everything in the world is changing, and that there are four stages of "becoming, living, deteriorating and emptying", and that there are "Only the sky is eternal and immutable. The sky is the mother who gave birth to the universe, and it is Allah. Allah is the sky, and because it has no direction and no poles, it is an infinite vacuum. The universe and all things in the world are all things born from the infinite vacuum, and all things come from nothing and will eventually return to nothing. Man is an angel from the sky and should, after completing his respective mission, let go of everything and follow the Messenger of God back to his old home in Paradise. If one has such a state of mind, I have indeed seen that you have received revelation from Allah after repeatedly looking up at the sky. If you do not have such a state of mind, and I have indeed seen you repeatedly looking up to the sky and not receiving the revelation of Allah, then you are lacking in knowledge, and you should study again. (2) When you have received the revelation of Allah after "I have indeed seen you looking up to the sky repeatedly", you will have become a saint who is "enlightened", and you will know that there is no particular direction of "the direction of your delight", because you know that Allah has revealed it to you. You will know that there is no specific direction for the "direction of your delight", because you will know that Allah is infinite, that there are no poles, that He has no fixed place, that He is everywhere. Then you will know that it is not "I will turn you to the direction of your delight" at all, but that your own spiritual state "will turn you to the direction of your delight". You will also know that "I will turn you to the direction of your delight" is a deliberately misleading "test" and that you will easily see through Allah's "test" because you have received a revelation from Allah You have been given the "iron rod" of God, and you have become a "saint like God", that is, a "son of God". You have become the "Son of God", the Christ, and you have been restored to your true nature as an angel, and you are a qualified "Messenger of God".
(3) When one becomes a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", one will know that the true "forbidden temple" is the heavenly house, the house of heaven, because the house of God is in the sky and not in the world. It is not a particular, man-made "holy temple" on earth. "The place where the Messenger of God preached the truth about the return of Christ to heaven is the "forbidden temple", the "auspicious heavenly house". The reason it is called a "forbidden temple" is to remind Muslims of the taboos and commandments. If one does not know the commandments and eats meat selectively, one is breaking the commandment against killing. The place where those who "do not kill and eat meat, steal, commit adultery, lie or drink" preach the truth that one should become a Christian is the true "forbidden temple". (4) A place that does not preach about becoming a Christian, but about becoming a "servant of God in worship", and yet is named a "forbidden temple", is in fact a place where the devil, "Ibrahim", has taught Muslims to become a "servant of God". "Such a place is in fact a place where the devil, Ibrahim, is feeding Muslims "ecstasy" and abusing their servants. The place where such a person is located is not a "forbidden temple", but a place where the devil "breaks the ban", if he has violated any of the following: "killing and eating meat, stealing, committing adultery, lying and drinking".

(5) We treat animals as brothers and sisters of foreigners, and let them solve their own problems of survival. We Muslims not only do not eat any meat or eggs, but we also do not kill life, and we do not steal, lie, drink or smoke. "A mosque is not a man-made building, but a real person who keeps the commandments is a mosque. The "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca" is not a man-made "mosque" in any place, it is the place where Muhammad preached the doctrine of making Muslims into Christians. Anywhere in the world where there is a place for Muslims to become Christians, that is where Muhammad is, that is the "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca". Is that clear? Muslim brothers. (6) The Al-Aqsa Mosque, located in the south-west corner of the inner courtyard of the Sharif in the eastern part of the Old City in the eastern part of Jerusalem, is the "Far Mosque", the third holiest mosque in Islam after the Holy Mosque in Mecca and the Temple of the Prophet in Medina. The Arabic word for "Far Mosque" is "Aqsa", which means "very far". It was not built by Suleiman (Solomon, son of David) at all, because both David and Solomon were kidnapped by the Jewish devil group to create a "celebrity effect". Both David and Solomon were puppets kidnapped by the Jewish devilish group to create a "celebrity effect".

(7) "Turn your face away from the forbidden temple" is premised on knowing what a "forbidden temple" is, and if one does not give a true definition of a "forbidden temple" and misinterprets it "If you do not give a true definition of "forbidden temple" and misinterpret it, not only will you not be able to "turn your face towards the forbidden temple", but you will be "turning your face towards the The Devil's Cave". If you are not alert enough, if you are not a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", you will hastily put the devil "Ibrahim" into the Muslims to give them "ecstasy The devil's "Ibsen" has been giving the Muslims "ecstasy" and playing with their slaves as a "forbidden temple". Therefore, you should define what a "forbidden temple" is and then turn your face towards it. Understand? Muslim brothers. (8 ) "Kerbai" is the Arabic word for "cube" and is a cube of a temple in the Forbidden City of Mecca. There is nothing magical about it, but its shape serves as a reminder to Muslims to be "square and angular". Do you, Muslims, know what is meant by 'square and angular'? If you do not dare to point out the mistakes and incompleteness of the Imam's speech, and if you do not dare to question the "legitimacy" of the Imam's slaughter, then you have not demonstrated "This means that your "kerbai" has become a tool to mislead you into becoming the devil's "Ibrahim".

(9) "Wherever you are, turn your lids to the forbidden temple", meaning: wherever you are, be sensible and sober enough to know that eating any kind of meat or eggs is killing life, and treat any animal as a "brother or sister of five or six years old". Treat all animals as "brothers and sisters of five or six years old" and observe the commandments "not to steal, not to commit adultery, not to lie, not to drink, not to smoke". Wherever you are, you must know that "the doctrine of making Muslims Christ to Heaven" is the infallible law of God. A place where Muslims are not allowed to become Christians, but are allowed to become "pious worshippers", is not only a "forbidden temple", but also a place where the devil "Ibrahim" plays with his slaves.

(10) Read the book of Genesis "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears fruit with a kernel." But you do not know that this is God's "commandment", that this is God's "commandment not to eat meat", that this is God's "command" to "be This means that your master is a "scribe and blind leader who is a hypocrite" and that your "imam group This means that your "imam's group" is the devil's "Ibrahim" group. The fact that you do not take this statement seriously, and that you make excuses for your "breaking the fast to kill and eat meat", means that you have become the embodiment of the devil, that you are not "those who have received the Scriptures", but are "those who have misinterpreted the Scriptures "You do not know the truth that has been revealed to you from God. (11) If you read the Book of Revelation and do not know the "eight marks of Christ" which it marks, you will not know what "this unique Christianity" is, and you will regard "the Jewish prophets and the Jesus who overthrew the Jewish religion" as the same. This means that you do not know right from wrong, that you do not know what is right and what is wrong, that you are not "those who have received the Scriptures", that you are "those who have misinterpreted the Scriptures". This means that you are not "those who have received the Scriptures" but are "misinterpreters of the Scriptures", and that you do not know the truth from God.

(12) "Look up to the sky repeatedly" and you will find that the sky is nothing, infinite and round. The "angular cube" (kerbai) in "Turn your face towards the forbidden temple" means that one should not follow blindly what one does on earth, but should be as angular as the "kerbai". You must be a "righteous man who sees righteousness and is willing to die", and you must expose "falsehood and ugliness" and promote "truth and goodness". (13) "You repeatedly looked up at the sky and the forbidden temple of Kerbai", which is a demonstration of the "roundness of the sky" and an anatomy of the "roundness of the sky". Whether or not you have done so depends on the humility of your own attitude to learning. If you have not done so, you have neglected it, not only because your imam is a "fake scribe and blind leader", but also because you yourself Your servility is greater than your reason, and you are content to act as a "servant of God".

"Children of Allah": Qur'an, Chapter 2, The Yellow Cow 146. "And those who have been rewarded by Us with the Scripture know him as if he were their own son or daughter. And there is a faction of them who do knowingly conceal the truth." : (1) Every Muslim who has received the Qur'an is one who has been rewarded by Allah with the Book, and Allah knows him as if he were His own son or daughter. This means that in the eyes of Allah, every Muslim who has the Qur'an is a "child of Allah". The Qur'an is the book that tells Muslims how to become "children of God". It is the only core teaching of the Qur'an that makes Muslims "children of God".
(2) The phrase "He who has been rewarded by Me with the Qur'an knows him as if he were his own son or daughter" is a disapproval, a reversal, a criticism and a rebuke of the "Imams" group for making Muslims "servants of Allah in devotion". This phrase is a disapproval, a reversal, a criticism and a rebuke of the "imam" group for making Muslims "servants of God", because in the eyes of God every Muslim who has the Qur'an is a "child of God". For more than a thousand years, the "imams" and groups of "imams" in the Islamic world have made Muslims "servants of God in worship" and have positioned the relationship between God and Muslims as "This is evidence that the devil, Ibrahim, has diverted the relationship between God and Muslims from that of "mother and son". "This is evidence that the devil, Ibrahim, is misleading Muslims into becoming minions of the devil's cave under the guise of Allah, and this is evidence that the "imams" and "imams" of the Islamic world are devils and devils. This is evidence that the "Imams" and "Imams" of the Islamic world are all devils and devilish groups. (3) Only if every Muslim who receives a copy of the Qur'an has the religious goal of becoming a "child of God" will such an "imam" be a messenger of God. If the religious objective is to make Muslims "servants of Allah in worship", such an imam is a messenger of the devil, Ibrahim.

(4) The "children of God" are the "sons of God", the "Christ", the "holy men who are not different from God (4) The "child of God" is the "Son of God", the "Christ", the "Holy One who is one with God. What the "Christ" is is in the Book of Revelation. (5) In the Qur'an, God keeps mentioning the characters of Genesis, "Ibrahim (Abraham), Ishmael (Ishmael), Ishmael (Isaac), and Yerushalayim (Jacob)", without mentioning the Book of Revelation, but only mentioning "Christianity, Christians "The concept of the "children of God, the Son of God, the Christ" is deliberately concealed to see which of you Muslims are wise, and as a result, the vast majority of you have not studied the Book of Revelation at all because you have been occupied mostly with "devotional worship". As a result, the vast majority of you have not studied the Book of Revelation, let alone known that the "children of God" are the "Christ". Because Muslims have long accepted the Bible, which has been misinterpreted by the devil, Ibrahim, the Muslim's orientation is to become a "servant of God in devotional worship", not a "child of God". The Muslim's orientation is to become a "servant of God", not a "child of God" (a Christ like Jesus).

(6) Let every Muslim who receives the Qur'an be a "child of God", which is the "infallible truth" revealed by God in the Qur'an and is the only core teaching of Islam. No matter what nationality he is, as long as he does not preach this truth, he is not a Messenger of God. (7) With the religious goal of making Muslims "servants of God in worship", such "imams" have indeed knowingly concealed the "infallible truth" revealed by God in the Qur'an. "They are not messengers of God, but messengers of the devil, Ibrahim, who promote the devil's way under the guise of God.

(8 ) Today Allah has opened the "Last Judgment" by allowing the Chinese to interpret the Qur'an and to correct the thousand-year old misrepresentation of the Islamic world. "(9) If there were no devil "Ibrahim" in the world, the Qur'an would have been interpreted to correct a thousand years of misrepresentation. (9) Without the devil "Ibrahim", it would be impossible to achieve "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like a blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a rod of iron". "The world cannot be without demonic "ebbs", who will always be there, "living targets and companions" for Christ in all times.

(10) "Muslim, Islam" means "obedience to God and peace", which is an interpretation that suggests that the devil "Ibrahim" is dominating the Islamic world, because it is This is the opposite of what is meant by "those who have been rewarded by Me with the Scripture know him as their own children". Allah's intention is for the believing Arab population to become "children of Allah" (Christ) under the guidance of the "Messenger of Allah", not "obedience to Allah and peace" at all.