The Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (47) Misunderstanding the Sabbath
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (47) The Qur'an is an exposition of the Bible, and failure to understand the Bible can only lead to a misinterpretation of the Qur'an.
47. "O you who have received the Divine Scripture! We shall change many faces and turn back, or forsake them as those who transgress the Sabbath, and until this comes to pass, believe in the new Scripture which We have sent down to you, and this new Scripture will confirm all your ancient scriptures. Allah's judgement is to be carried out." : (1) It is surprising that those who have read the Bible, who are "those who have received the Scriptures of heaven", should not find the cause of Jesus' death, should not know that Jesus was a revolutionary who overthrew Judaism with Christianity, should not know that Judaism is a devilish group rebuked by Jesus, and should regard Jesus and the Jewish prophets whom Jesus rebuked as "This means that they are all devilish "Ibrahim" who have a distorted mentality and are in favour of Judaism, and that it is their own faces that have changed, as if they had drunk "ecstasy" They were transformed from normal human beings into devilish minions who did not know right from wrong, and who took falsehood for truth. (2) "Changing their faces and turning back" means that they have become the devil's "Ibrahim", who is disobedient, inconsistent in word and deed, and has a human face. (3) It was not God who changed many people from good to bad, but it was they who indulged their own selfish desires and made their hearts greedier and greedier, thus transforming them from normal human beings to the mean, selfish and narrow-minded devil, "Ibrahim".
(4) Genesis "2:3 And God blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it, because on it God rested from all his work of creation, and rested." : "Holy" means to speak of the three worlds, heaven and earth, and to open the way to edification, so that man may become a saint, a Christ, the Son of God, no different from the angels in heaven. A "holy day", in religious terms, is the opening of the age of the edification of the world into Christ. "The "holy days" are those inaugurated after the three worlds of heaven and earth and man have been established, when the time comes to "make Christians into Christ". In layman's terms, in the days following the creation of man, God sent angels to preach edification in the world, to popularise the education of the sages, and to make men thoughtful and realistic sages; the day on which the education of the sages was popularised was a "holy day".
If you learn something today that you do not understand, you can make it a "holy day" today. If you come out of Christianity today and learn something that Christianity does not have, today is a "holy day". If you have never stepped out of a religion in your life, if you do not have the consciousness of the "five religions", you have had very few "holy days" and are not qualified to become a Christ (the Son of God). If you have the realm of consciousness of the "Five Religions", you have accumulated many "holy days"; if you tell people around you the reasons for the "Five Religions", it means that you have received the five degrees of the "Almighty, the Almighty, the Almighty". You are the "Almighty, the Christ Almighty" and you are the Great Sage of Heaven. The day on which you tell people around you about the "Five Religions" can be designated as a "Holy Day", the day on which you become a "Great Sage".
On the seventh day, God stops all the work of creating the "hardware" of "heaven, earth and man" and begins to create the "software system", the education system. For at this time "man" could not speak, had no language, no agricultural knowledge, and could not create, no different from animals. If you really think that "God has rested from all his works of creation", you are not a normal person, you have not been educated and you cannot think. Although God has rested from all His work in creating "heaven, earth and man", He has not rested because man is not wise and has indulged himself in insatiable greed, leaving great room for the devil to promote his teachings under the guise of Christianity; man's own ignorance and man's own ignorance and greed have made the devil's group powerful. Can God rest in peace when he sees his own creatures reduced to the minions of the devil?
(5) The Sabbath is one of the major Jewish festivals and is derived from the Akkadian word meaning "seven", which means "rest, stop working" in Hebrew. It falls on the seventh day of the week (Saturday) of the Jewish calendar. Jews kept the Sabbath holy and did not work. To interpret "Sabbath" as a "day of rest from work" is not only to ignore the "holy day", but also to not know what a "holy day" is. (6) On that day, you see, it was a day of rest. (6) The day when you read and understand the Book of Revelation and become a "saint" of Christ, "with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans, having received a rod of iron", that day is your "holy day". It is the holy day when you become a Christian "saint" from an ordinary man. After that, God will no longer have to worry about you, and you will be able to rest in peace, because you will have fulfilled your mission and will be able to live in heaven forever. The "holy day" on which you become a Christian is the "Sabbath" of God.
(7) If you go to church to "worship" and become a devil's slave, you have not become a "saint" of Christ in the same state as Jesus, but you are a "Sabbath-breaker" and an offender against the Sabbath. They are all "Sabbath-breakers", devilish "Ibrahim" who offend the glory of the Sabbath. (8) Muslims are all "worshippers" who "circle around and pay homage, keep the faith, and bow down", and none of them are Christian "saints" like Jesus. They are all "Sabbath-breakers", devilish "ebullites" who should be rejected.
(9) "The New Scripture which We have revealed" is the Qur'an after the Bible. "This new scripture confirms all your ancient scriptures", meaning that the Qur'an encompasses the Bible and is an exposition of the Bible. If you do not understand the Book of Revelation and Genesis of the Bible, if you do not have the yardstick to distinguish the essence of the Bible from the dross, and if you do not have the "iron rod" to distinguish Christ from the devil, you will certainly misinterpret the Qur'an, and you will not be able to confirm all your ancient scriptures with the Qur'an. (10) If you read the Bible and do not have the "iron rod" to distinguish between Christ and the devil, you are a devil, and this is the verdict of God. If you have not been given the "iron rod" to distinguish between Christ and the devil, and can only misinterpret the Qur'an, you are a devil, and that is the verdict of Allah. Allah's verdict is to be carried out.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 13 June 2018 14:55 16:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









