The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1: The Yellow Cow (26-34) The Qur'an is full of metaphors and Sarcastic refrains
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (26) "Metaphors" are divided into literary devices such as "refrains and metaphors"
26. "Indeed, Allah does not mind setting any parable in the form of a mosquito or a lesser thing; and those who believe know that it is a truth from their Lord, but those who disbelieve say: What is the purpose of Allah in setting this parable? And He has led many astray by parables, and He has led many astray by parables; but He does not lead men astray by parables except the disobedient." : (1) "Indeed, Allah does not mind setting any parable with a mosquito or something smaller" means: Allah will set all kinds of parables with a mosquito or something smaller. The purpose of this is to give man wisdom and to become "a Christ with eyes like a flame". The difference between a saint and an ordinary person is the difference in the state of wisdom, and in order for a person to improve his state and become a saint who knows what he is talking about, God uses parables as a yardstick to distinguish a saint from a layman. If an ordinary person understands a parable, he is a wise saint. If he does not, he is a slave in a devil's cave, hindered by words. (2) Those whose faith makes them "saints unto God" know the "various parables" which are the truths sent down from their Lord, and are able to understand the divine meaning under the guidance of a clear teacher. Those who believe in falsehood, which makes one a "servant of God", know the "various parables" that have been sent down from their Lord, but they are in the cave of the devil and are so bewildered that they can only misinterpret the divine meaning. (3) Those who do not believe that the Word is to make one "a saint like God" say: What is the purpose of God's parables? Because they think that Muhammad is a "servant of God" and that they are all "servants of God", this shows that they have no wisdom, no vision and no understanding of the meaning of the Scriptures; it shows that they have a weak foundation. "They were misguided in recognising the thief as their father.
(4) Allah has used the parables as "examinations and gates" to lead many ignorant and lazy people to the wrong path, and to lead many learned and wise people to the right path. (5) The inability to be knowledgeable and versatile, and to become "saints with God". (5) Those who are unable to learn, who are obsessed with their "kindergarten teachers", who are unable to overcome the "barriers of knowledge", who are loyal to the elderly, who are unable to accept new trends and new ideas, who look at people by their nationality and qualifications, who are selfish and narrow-minded, who are stubborn and refuse to listen to advice, and who have Those who think, speak and act in this way are "rebellious". Those who are receptive to persuasion and new knowledge, who do not follow the old ways and who have a revolutionary spirit are the opposite of the "rebellious", the "open-minded, the obedient". (5) The "disobedient" are the ones who, in the face of the parables, are led astray after misinterpreting the divine meaning. It is not that God does not use parables to make the "open-minded and obedient" go astray, but that the "open-minded and obedient" are wise enough to see through the "parables". "The reason for this is that they are wise enough to see through the "falsehood and holy meaning" of the parables, and the parables cannot stop them from going astray.

The Holy Qur'an, Chapter 2 (27), misinterprets the "parables" and cuts off contact with those whom God has ordained
27. "And those who, having made a contract with Allah, break off contact with Him and do evil in their places; such are the wrongdoers." (1) Those who have received the Qur'an and become Muslims who practise the Qur'anic faith in Allah are "those who have contracted with Allah". (2) Allah has made the wise people who are learned and can see through "any parable" to become "the people of Allah's order", that is, to become the spokesmen of Allah, that is, to be ordained by Allah and to promote the Muslims to "become the righteous with Allah". (3) "The one who has been commanded by Allah to be the spokesman of Allah". (3) Those who "cut off contact with Allah's command" are those who do not believe in "the righteousness of becoming one with Allah", that is, those who do not recognise that Allah's intention is for Muslims to become "one with Allah "(3) Those who do not believe in the righteousness of becoming a saint with God, but rather in making Muslims "servants of God". (4) He who does not acknowledge that Allah's intention is to make Muslims "saints with Allah" but "servants of Allah" is a devil who "does evil in the land". Such a person is a devil who "does evil in the land" because he misinterprets the divine will of Allah and makes Muslims servants of Allah and hell-bound. (5) Such people, because they compel the people and mislead them, are indeed the embodiment of the devil who has lost his conscience and morals.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (28) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gives life to all things
28. "Why do you not believe in Allah? You were dead, and He gave you life, and then He caused you to die, and then He raised you up; and then you will be called to Him." : (1) "How is it that you do not believe in Allah" is an elliptical sentence, and there are countless "elliptical sentences" like this in the Qur'an. (2) Why do you Muslims not believe that Allah is your "father and mother"? How do you Muslims believe that you are "servants of Allah"? You Muslims have no direct communication with Allah except by bowing your heads and worshipping, and you do not even know where the gates of Paradise are, so how can you be servants of Allah? Those who kowtow to Allah are not "servants of Allah" at all, because you are not in direct communication with Him and are only worshippers of Him, but have not been taught by Him at all. (3) Why do you Muslims not believe that Allah is your "father and mother"? It is because no one in the Islamic world has ever said so, which means that none of you has ever become a saint like Muhammad, which means that you have been passing on falsehood for more than a thousand years. It is a blessing for Muslims that the True Exposition of the Qur'an has overturned your thousand years of blackmail and ushered in a new era for Muslims.
(4) The "dead" do not know anything. You were born, breathed air, and became alive, and this is how God "gave you life". You learn to speak, walk, read and write, and so on, as an infant, which is a sign that Allah has "given you life". (5) Your human bodies grow from childhood to adulthood, and after you have fulfilled your destiny in your previous lives, you slowly age and then your physical bodies die. The human body has the process of "birth, ageing, sickness and death" and is a changing body, or "incarnation" for short. (6) In this life, the consciousness and consciousness, also known as the soul, are the retributive bodies of previous lives, or "retributive bodies". In this life, when one joins a wise teacher and practices the "non-dual righteousness of becoming a saint like God", one has the ability to reveal the true nature of the devil, becomes a "saint like God", and sees the original God (Dharma body, nature, Buddha nature) like God, one also sees This is the "resurrection" to which one is called after seeing God in heaven. The person in this life has the power to see ghosts and heal the sick, and becomes a true saint. If he does not fall in this life and completes his mission, his soul will return to Paradise and he will never die.

29. "He has created for you all things on the earth, and has restored the heavens and completed the seven storeys of heaven. He is all-knowing concerning all things." : (1) Allah has created for you in advance, before the birth of mankind, all the various things on which the earth depends for its survival and development. (2) Allah operated the heavens and perfected the functions of the heavens and completed the seven layers of the heavens. (3) The "seven layers of heaven" is the simplest rough division, but in fact each layer of heaven can be further divided into several levels. The Buddhist term 33 Heavens, and the Taoist term 36 Heavens, are both names for the seven layers of heaven, which have been carefully quantified. (4) God is all-knowing of all things. Anyone who is not "all-knowing" is not a "servant of God" who is truly close to God, but is only a worshipper of God. Those like Jesus and Muhammad are "all-knowing" and are "servants of Allah" who are truly close to Him. People like Jesus and Muhammad have existed in China for ages, and there are many of them.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (30), makes the Muslim an agent of God who is the Christ.
30. "Then your Lord said to the gods of the heavens: Surely I have set an agent in the earth. And they said: We praise you for your superlative, and we praise you for your purity, and will you set on the earth evil-doers and blood-shedders? He said, "I know what you do not know." (1) The setting up of an agent to teach the righteousness of "becoming a saint like God" and to bring the righteous back to heaven. Since mankind is spread over the five continents of the world, God set up an agent in different countries at different times to preach in different languages the same "righteous method of becoming a saint with God", thus giving rise to the "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam". "The five main religions are Islam is known in China as "Islam", and Muslims are called Muslims. (2) The fact that the gods of the heavens have praised Allah for His supremacy means that Allah has a realm beyond that of the majority of people, and that those who speak and act in a way that is beyond the realm of the majority of people are "saints with Allah". It is only natural that the words and deeds of the "one and only saint" are not accepted by the majority of the people. (3) The gods praise Allah's purity, which is an indication of what "purity" means. It is only pure if one does not "kowtow", which is a sign of impurity. To "kowtow" several times a day is a sign of impurity, a sign of being misguided and being punished and abused. (4) "Shall Allah set up evil-doers and bloodshed on the earth"? This is a thought provoking question. The "evil-doers and blood-shedders" are the opposite of Allah, who "gives you life", so they are not set by Allah, but by the devil. "Those who do evil and shed blood are the incarnation of the devil.
(5) Allah says: I know what you gods do not know. This means that Allah is the Lord of the heavens. (6) When Allah says, "I know what you do not know", this is a "test" from Allah to see how far you have come. If a Muslim does not know his teacher, he will believe in him. If a Muslim meets a wise teacher, he will know that "I know what you do not know", which is a "test question" from Allah, but it is not so. This is because the gods and God are "the same in nature" and are in fact one body of Dharma. We humans are also all different images of Allah, for Allah is the Mother who created us.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (31) "The Athan" is not a single person, but an elite of all periods.
31: "And He taught the Adhan the names of all things, and then revealed them to the gods of the heavens, saying: Tell me the names of these things, if you are truthful." (1) "He taught Adham the names of all things," and all things have names because Adham gave them to them, indicating that Adham was the original naming authority. "The Adhan is the agent that God has placed on the earth at different times. As new things emerged in human society, various adhan appeared at different times and together they contributed to the development of human society. (2) The 'adhan' is not the ancestor of mankind at all, for the 'ancestor of mankind' could barely speak or write the words of today, and could at most express some meaning with simple symbols, much less announce the 'names of all things'. It was impossible to publish the "name of everything". To express the "name of everything" would have required thousands of words, which were not available at the time of the "Patriarchs". Therefore, to describe the Adhan as the "ancestor of mankind" is rash and ignorant, and is a "delusion" spread by the "Ibrahim". (3) "And then, with the words of the Lord of the Worlds (3) "Then reveal all things to the gods of the heavens, saying, "Tell me the names of these things, if you are truthful", which is a play by Allah to see which of you Muslims can see through it. If Muslims believe in it, they are tested down and are minions without wisdom.

The fact that no Muslim has become a Christ is an indication that the knowledge taught to us by God has been misinterpreted by the "imams".
32. "They say: Praise be to You, We have no knowledge except what You have taught us, and indeed You are the All-Knowing, the Wise." (1) This is a "drama" in which Allah tests Muslims to see how much you know about the heavens. (2) If you do not know that the gods of the heavens and Allah are "one in the light, the same in nature" and are in fact one body, and that the gods of the heavens are all different images of Allah, you will think that the "gods of the heavens" are really " We have no knowledge except that which You (Allah) have taught us". Muslims, think about this: if the "gods" could not share the burden of Allah, and if Allah alone had the power, what would Allah, the Lord of the universe, be like? (3) The phrase "in addition to what You have taught us" indicates that the gods have received knowledge from Allah and are not "without knowledge". "The gods have been around Allah all day and have learnt all of His knowledge, and are not "ignorant" at all. If you, Muslim, have this knowledge, the gods will "praise you because you have surpassed the majority of the people" and you will have become a saint. (4) The "gods" are the spirits of God, the children of God, a different face of God, and "the All-knowing, the Wise" like God. (5) Each of us is one of the "gods of the heavens", but we do not know our true nature because we have not gone to a clear teacher. In order for God to let us know our true nature, there are the five masters of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Yehoshua, who are distributed among the various countries to bring people back to heaven. If you do not know your true nature, then you have not joined the righteous. You must abandon the darkness and turn to the light, and you must leave the "blind guides", otherwise you will never return to heaven and will go to hell.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (33) No Muslim has become a Christ, which means that he has misinterpreted what God has said to you.
33. He said: "O Adham! Tell them the names of these things." And when he told them the names of those things, Allah said, "Have I not said to you? Indeed, I know the mysteries of the heavens and the earth, and indeed I know what you have professed and what you have concealed." (1) The "gods of the heavens" are the spirits of God, the children of God, the different faces of God, and each of us is one of the "gods of the heavens", sent by God to the world because we have been given the task of building a heaven on earth. We have been sent by God into the world as new individuals because of our mission to build heaven on earth. The "gods of heaven" are our essence, which in Buddhism is called the "God, the Self, and the Dharma Body", in Taoism is called the "Snow, the Dragon", etc., in Confucianism is called the "Heavenly Destiny, the Nature", and in Christianity is called the The Christian religion is called "Gog". In this life, because our lungs breathe, we have a life and soul, which is also known as the body of knowledge, the body of rewards, the yellow bud, the Hua, and the Magus. Our human body has the process of "birth, ageing, sickness and death" and is a changing body, also known as an incarnation. If we know what the "Dharma body, the reward body and the transformation body" are, we know the "three bodies and four wisdoms". The person who names these things and tells them to Muslims is an 'adhan'. (2) The soul is similar to the "gods" and to the devil, and is of a nature between the "gods and the devil". By joining a master and practising the "righteousness of becoming a saint like God", the soul will be able to see the "gods" and thus become a Christ like Jesus and a saint like Muhammad. If one does not have a clear teacher and does not practise the "righteousness of becoming a saint like God", then one cannot make the soul see the "gods of heaven" and become a Christ like Jesus or a saint like Muhammad, and one becomes the devil incarnate. The one who names these things and tells them to Muslims is the 'adhan'.
(3) When the adhan told the Muslims the names of these things, Allah said to them: Have I not said this to you? In fact, Allah has already said this to the Muslims, but not to the Muslims of this life, but to the Muslims of Paradise. Every Muslim has heard this "unalloyed law" from Allah before they descended to the heavens, when they were the "gods of the heavens". This is the reason why all Muslims in this life have an instinctive and natural inclination towards religious and mystical culture. (4) Not only does Allah know the mysteries of the heavens and the earth, but He is also the master of them. Allah has made it possible for the adhan of all times to pass on to the people of the world the "infallible method of becoming a saint like Allah", so that those who have the wisdom to open up the mysteries of the heavens and the earth can truly enter them and become saints who will traverse them and, like Muhammad, complete their mission and return to Allah. (5) Indeed, God knows that you are "the one who has been given the gift of God". (5) Indeed, God knows that you "keep worship" and become "servants of God in worship", which is a form of piety for you, but this is the opposite of God's "infallible law". This is the opposite of Allah's "infallible law" and is a sign that you have been misled. (6) Indeed, Allah knows that what you are hiding is that you have doubted this form of piety, but you cannot help it because the whole Islamic world is practising piety and no one has ever dared to overthrow this form, which has been reduced to the status of "servant of Allah". No one has ever dared to overthrow this form, which has been reduced to the status of a "servant of Allah". This is because the time of the Last Judgment will not come, and when it does, there will be an adhan who will preach the "infallible law" of God and overturn the reduction of Muslims to the status of servants of Allah. This is because when the time of the Last Judgement comes, there will be an adhan who will preach the "infallible law" of God and overturn the magic of reducing Muslims to "servants of God".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (34) "Ibrahim" is the Christian "Satan", the devil who does not allow people to become "saints with God".
34. "Then We said to the gods of the heavens, "Bow down to Adham!" And they bowed down, but Ibn Ibrahim refused, and he was arrogant, and he was a disbeliever." (1) Every Muslim is one of the "gods of the heavens" before he comes down to earth. The "gods of heaven" are not the divine in heaven, but the Muslims who have descended to this life in the world. (2) Muhammad said to all the Muslims of the Islamic world: If you have heard the Qur'an from China, you have met the Athan sent by God for you. If you do not accept the True Exposition of the Qur'an from China, you are disobeying Our and Allah's will, and you will have no complaints when you reach Hell, for We have warned you. (3) When Muslims encounter the True Exposition of the Qur'an from China and find that the expositions therein are all truths they have dreamed of, they bow down to the adhan from China. (4) The wise Muslims broke away from the Islamic system and accepted the Chinese Qur'an, except for "Ibrahim", who refused to accept the Qur'an and was so arrogant that he claimed to be the "leader of the Islamic world". (5) To reduce Muslims to the status of "leaders of the Islamic world", but in fact he is a devil who uses "ecstasy" in the guise of Allah to drug Muslims and rule their hearts. (5) The idea that Muslims should be reduced to "servants of Allah" and worship piously is a post-Mohammedan idea that has been advocated by "Ibrahim" in the Islamic world. In the face of the revelation and overthrow of the Qur'an in China, the Ibrahim, of course, refused to give in easily and withdrew from the stage of history, and of course he resisted out of a desire to maintain his authority. (6) The way of the "Ibrahim" is to reduce Muslims to the status of "servants of Allah" who worship piously, to "frogs at the bottom of a well", to "frogs at the bottom of a well" and to "frogs at the bottom of a well". "It is to prevent Muslims from becoming "saints with God" and from revealing the true nature of the "gods of the heavens". (7) The way of Allah is that the Muslims should reveal the true nature of the "gods of the heavens" and become "saints with Allah" and return to Paradise "in the Paradise of the rivers". (8) "Ibrahim" was arrogant, he was the spokesman of the disbelieving bourgeoisie, the triads, the hooligans, the interest groups, and the devil incarnate.

Li Huaizhu Published on 25 Sep 2017 18:15pm 5 Oct 11:22 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









