The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imran (137-138) "The Common Way" is replaced by "The New Way"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (137) It is inevitable that the "new way" of Islam, the "common way", will emerge after it to replace it
137: "Many of the common ways have passed away before you; so travel in the earth to see what will happen to those who deny the truth." : (1) "The common way" is the common law, the usual phenomenon, the usual way, the original track. The "common way" here refers to Judaism and Christianity. (2) Both Judaism and Christianity, these original orbital sects, having fulfilled their historical mission of bringing people back to heaven at one time, had been tampered with by the devil "Ibrahim" and had lost their original teachings and were completely overturned, having passed away before you, Islam, so that Muhammad (570-632) refounded Islam. If Judaism and Christianity had not been distorted by the devil "Ibrahim" and the original teachings had not passed away before your Islam, there would be no Islam for you.
(3) From Jesus to Muhammad five or six hundred years ago, the original teachings of Christianity were completely buried when the Bible was written, no one knew the essence of the Book of Revelation, and the indoctrination of the faithful (chanting of hymns, the Virgin Mary) replaced the indoctrination of the Lord Jesus (who made Christians the Christ), and Christianity became a demonic group, hence the Islam of Muhammad. Christianity, the previous "common way", was replaced by Islam, the new "new way", and this is the phenomenon of the "common way" being replaced by the "new way". This is the regular phenomenon of the replacement of the "normal way" by the "new way", a religious revolution. As society progresses, religion is renewed in time, a sign of keeping up with the times. (4) After the death of Muhammad, Islam split into Sunni and Shi'ite sects, indicating that this unique core doctrine was obliterated by the demonic group. The emergence of a "new way" to replace it after this "normal way" became inevitable.
(5) The emergence of a "new way" after the "normal way" to replace it is a natural law that cannot be reversed and is inevitable in the development and progress of human society. For example, before there were cars, livestock and human labour were the means of transport and the "normal way". Later, with the Industrial Revolution, the automobile became a more convenient means of transport, and when it became popular, the "normal way" of livestock and human labour was replaced by the "new way" of motor vehicles. In all other walks of life, as society progresses, the "normal way" is replaced by the "new way". (6) For example, if a modern man does not use the automobile and insists on using livestock and human labour as means of transport, he is a "denier of the truth", a stubborn person who cannot face reality, and will be abandoned by the times.
(7) Today, human society has entered the information age, and people have the conditions and facilities to "know one thing from another", so if they continue to study a religion for the rest of their lives, not only will they fail to improve their spiritual state, but they will also be extremely regressive and deviant. In the information age, the "new way" of "five religions in one" has replaced the old "common way" of a single religion. "It is inevitable. (8) In the human society of the information age, only by practising the "five religions as one" can we achieve a higher level of spirituality and become Christ and reach the "paradise of the rivers". It is the law of the universe, the law of God, which no one can resist, that the "normal way" is replaced by the "new way". (9) Go to the countries of the world and observe what happens to those who deny the truth. The end of those who deny the truth is that they are overthrown and trampled upon by revolutionaries and are nailed to the shame of history forever.

There are two kinds of people: those who fear the Imam and those who fear Allah, in chapter 3 of the Qur'an (138)
138. "This is a declaration for the world, and a guide and a lesson for those who fear." (1) The situation of the "new way" being replaced by the "normal way" after the "normal way" has passed away is the main theme of the development and progress of human society, and is a law of truth that no one can resist. This is a declaration of God to all the world's religious people, and you have not understood it because it is not the end of the world. When the time of the Last Judgement comes, the Messenger of Allah will declare what Allah has left in the Book, and you will all hear what Allah has declared and understand this truth which you have ignored for a while. (2) Accept the "sunlight of the East" with an open mind, be a righteous person, hear God's declarations and accept the teachings of the One who fears God and has a guide to Paradise, and accept the lessons of becoming Christ. (3) He who does not accept the "sun of the East", who does not become a righteous person, who does not hear God's declarations, who does not accept the unique teaching of becoming a Christ, who does not want to become a Christ, and who continues to be a person who only "worships and prays" is a person who fears the Imam. They are the ones who fear the imam, who have a guide to the fire, and who are being taught the lesson of becoming minions of the devil's cave.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 14 Jan 2018 16:33 17:57 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









