The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3 The Yellow Cow (274-277) Allah forbids interest
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (274) "And those who give alms day and night, and do not hide their wealth" are the targets of robbery
274. "And those who give alms day and night, and do not hide their wealth, will enjoy reward from their Lord, and they will have no fear and no sorrow." (1) "Day and night" does not mean day and night, but black and white, right and wrong. If you give alms without a thorough study, you will surely be deceived because you are misled by a "wolf in sheep's clothing". Many scammers specialise in robbing people who give alms. They find that good people are the easiest to deceive, so countless scammers use the guise of "charity and love" to cheat people out of their possessions. Therefore, it is important not to give alms "day and night", but rather "day and night", and to follow up on the alms given to ensure that they are not taken by fraudsters. (2) Not to disclose is "hidden", but to disclose is "obvious". The word "unconventional" means that we should not be confined to the hidden and the obvious. You must know how to behave appropriately, and you must not give money to people in an unconventional way. If you do not know the proper way to "keep the hidden and the visible", you will leave the door open for the pervasive fraudsters and they will become even more unscrupulous. It is important to check the movement of your belongings to ensure that they are not taken by fraudsters.
(3) "Those who give alms, day and night, without regard to the hidden," are unwise people who will most often become the target of deception by the swindlers. The alms given will most often not achieve the original purpose, but will only encourage the swindlers' arrogance and will make them enjoy a much lesser reward with their Lord, and they will have fear and sorrow.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (275) "The prohibition of interest" is a lesson from the Lord, and those who "eat interest" are the devil "Ibrahim".
275. "Those who eat interest will rise up like those who have been struck with a demon. This is because they say: buying and selling is exactly like interest. Allah permits buying and selling, but forbids interest. He who, having been taught by his Lord, observes the prohibition, will be free from blame, and his affairs will be judged by Allah. Those who repeat the offence are the inhabitants of the Fire, and they will dwell therein forever." (1) "Buying and selling is like interest", but "buying and selling is very different from interest". A "sale" is made on equal, voluntary and pleasant terms between the two parties and is fair. "Interest" is the result of the powerful party taking from the party in need of assistance, and is unfair in the sense of "taking advantage of the situation". "The "loan and interest", with its double pressure and high risk for the person who takes the "loan and interest", benefits only the party who takes the interest, without which There is no equality, voluntariness or pleasure for both parties to the "sale". (2) Those who take interest are those who have fallen prey to the "demon of insatiable greed, the demon of taking advantage of the fire, the demon of taking by force" and who, having taken the interest, rise up in a frenzy. For them, "those who eat interest": buying and selling is like interest.
(3) "Allah permits buying and selling, but forbids interest" because "buying and selling" is fair and "interest" is unfair. "The prohibition of interest is a lesson from the Lord. (4) He who, having been taught by his Lord, obeys the prohibition and does not "take interest" is one who has changed his ways and God will not blame him. Allah will judge him after he has seen how much good he has done to offset his previous misdeeds. (5) Those who see Allah's injunction and do not obey it, and continue to "eat interest" and commit it again, are the "Ibn Abdallahs", the devils who are insatiable and disobedient to Allah, and they are the inhabitants of the Fire, and they will live there forever.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (276) "All the sinners who are ungrateful" are incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim".
276. "And Allah deprives of interest and increases the amount of food. Allah is not pleased with all the sinners who are ungrateful." (1) The word "deprive" is chǐ duó, to deprive according to the law; to deprive of one's clothes, to remove one's name. Because "taking interest" has the connotation of "taking by force" for the weak, "Allah deprives the interest", and Allah takes the money obtained by "taking interest" by "He takes away from them the money they have earned through deception, seizure, proscription, confiscation, disease, war, etc. In Chinese terms, this means "loss of surplus". (2) In the case of the disadvantaged, to increase the amount of food given to them, demonstrating the love of God. In Chinese, this means "to make up for deficiencies". (3) "Allah deprives the interest and increases the relief" is, in Chinese, "to lose what is surplus and to make up for what is deficient, the way of heaven."
(3) Because in his previous life he was a great benefactor who helped the weak and the poor and served his country with merit, he is a rich man in this life. The rich man in this life "eats the interest" and is unkind to the rich, violating the injunction of Allah and failing His grace. (4) It is not only those who "take interest" who are "sinners of ungratefulness", but all those who ask for "reward, bribes and tips" and who do not give their lives to charity are the same as those who "take interest". All those who ask for payment, bribes and tips, and who do not give their lives, are the same as those who "eat interest", and are "sinners of solitude". (5) "All the sinners who are ungrateful" are found in all corners of society, from the presidents of nations to the beggars of the streets, and they are all incarnations of the devil, "Ibrahim", in all its forms. They will dwell in it forever.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (277) is about "believing in the Word, believing in the Lord, believing in the Word and doing good deeds" by breaking the "false and ugly" ways of the devil, "Ibrahim".
277. "Those who believe and do good deeds, and keep worship and complete their zakat, will enjoy reward with their Lord, and they will have no fear and no sorrow in the future." (1) One cannot do good without knowing what is "falsehood and ugliness and true beauty". It is only by breaking the "falsehood and ugliness" of the devil's demonic path of "Ibrahim" that one can "believe in the Word, believe in the Lord, believe in the Word and do good deeds". If you do not know what the devil's way is, which is "selfish and narrow-minded and mean", you cannot "believe in the way and do good". (2) If one travels the world, finds the present Christ, and learns that "God has made man the true path of Christ to heaven", then one will know that "keeping worship" is to sit in a state of thoughtlessness and carelessness, "practising one's breath internally "This is the primary stage of "completing the Divine Principle". This is the first stage of the completion of the Zakat, which is the completion of "self-denial". This is the first stage of the Zakat. This is the true "completion of Zakat". This is the true "completion of the Zakat", the enjoyment of endless freedom in God.
(3) It is the devil who interprets the words "to observe worship" as "to worship God with devotion" and "to worship with devotion" as "to accept Muslims back into heaven". "This is the indoctrination of the devil, Ibn Ibrahim, to make minions of the devil's cave. (4) Muslim brothers, think about this: if you do not have the wisdom to recognise the devil's "Ibrahim" and if you have not become a Christ like Jesus, how can you return to God's Paradise? Please awaken to this. (5) All your life you have been "worshipping", but this is a sign of your "fear and sorrow" and a sign that you are in a devil's den. If you do not have "fears and sorrows", you cannot spend your whole life in "devotional worship". "If you do not become Christ, if you do not become "sons of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", you will not have "fulfilled your zakat" and you will not be able to go to heaven, but only to hell. And you will have fear and sorrow in the future.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 16 December 2017 8:00 11:30 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









