The True Exposition of the Qur'an Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (69-72) The Signs of God are the Eight Signs of Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (69) There is a portion of those who believe in the Divine Scriptures that are elite with the conditions to become Christ.
69. "There is a portion of those who believe in the Scripture, who wish to make you mislead; in fact, they can only make themselves mislead, and they are not conscious of it." (1) There is a part of those who believe in the Book of God who have many doubts which the Imam cannot answer, and they have doubts about the Imam being a devil. Such Muslims are the elite who have the conditions to become Christ, and it is hoped that you will leave the Imam under the guidance of your souls and go in search of a new exposition of the Qur'an so that you may come out of your misguidance and meet the Messenger of God and become Christ and be able to return to heaven. (2) "Devotions, prayers", etc., which are not to be done, are "examinations" of God. These methods obliterate the "true path of becoming Christ and returning to heaven" and are the "works of the devil", which only lead them into the devil's cave of slavery, without them realising that they are the devil's slaves. This means that the spiritual nature of their souls has been transformed into a demonic nature, and they have become full-blown devils, "Ibrahim".

The Signs of God are the "unique teachings of God".
70. "O you who believe in the Book! Why do you not believe in the signs of Allah, when you know that they are true?" (1) "The signs of God" are the "teachings of God", the "unique teachings of God", the "signs of God" in the Book of Revelation, and the "signs of God" in the Book of Revelation. The eight signs of Christ are: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, hatred of the Nicolaitans, and a staff of iron. (2) "God's unique correction" is the correction that makes the disciple a Christ (the Son of God, the Holy One who is not different from God), that is, a disciple who has "eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the blazing sun The Christ who hates the Nicolaitans and has been given a rod of iron". This teaching is the "unique way of return to heaven" that God has left to the world, also called "the true way of return to heaven that God has made Christ"; in short, "the true way of return to heaven". (3) Any teaching that does not allow a disciple to become "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron" is not the unique "teaching of God". It is a devilish group under the guise of Christianity that is trying to confuse people and harm their lives.
(4) Why do you not believe in the signs? Because it is not time for the "Last Judgement", because the "New Moon" is shining, because mankind has not reached the "Information Age" of the 21st century, in short, because "The reason for this is that "the time for Allah's unification of the world is not yet at hand". (5) When the "time of Allah's unification of the world" comes, it will be time for the "Last Judgement", when the "Sunshine of the East" will dominate the world and the five major religions of the world, namely "The five major religions of the world, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and Islam, have broken away from their single, closed models and have become "one family of five religions with one God", and the study of the teachings of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and Islam has become a compulsory course for religious people. The "signs of God" became the core of the religious community and Muslims came to believe in those signs.

The Muslims believed in those signs, but the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (71), in its desire for the false name of "imam", became "the minion of the devil of fame and fortune", so that they "knowingly and wilfully confuse the truth with falsehood and conceal the truth".
71. "O you who believe in the Book of God! Why do you knowingly confuse truth with falsehood and conceal the truth?" (1) Because they do not have a "sense and yardstick of the truth and falsity of the Scriptures", they do not have a clear concept of what is "true and false", they do not have a sense of the uniqueness of the true law, and they do not know that the core of religion is to make man a Christ to heaven. Therefore, "those who believe in the Scriptures" are a group of devilish minions who do not know right from wrong and take falsehood for truth. (2) The imam himself did not understand the meaning of the Qur'an, but went on to preach it, seeking the false name of "preacher of God", and became a "minion of the devil of fame and fortune". "(3) The imam himself did not see the truth.
(3) The imam himself did not see through the great wisdom of the "examination questions" and only understood the scriptures by their literal meaning, not discovering the true meaning of the scriptures in their metaphorical form. In order to maintain his own face as an "imam", he has no hesitation in misinterpreting the scriptures and spreading his unverified theories to Muslims. Such an imam is the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim". (4) The more misinterpreted verses an imam spreads and the more people he teaches, the greater is his sin of misleading people into becoming minions of the devil.

The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (72) The number of imams who know and contradict themselves and misinterpret the verses is as great as a cow
72. "A part of those who believe in the Scripture says: You may show conviction in the morning of what the believers have been revealed, and disbelief in the evening, (and if you do so), they may apostatize." (1) The words "to express in the morning their conviction of what the believers have received, and in the evening to express their disbelief" indicate that the verses spoken by the Imam did not stand up to the scrutiny of the believers; that they were all half-educated Imams, and that they were not competent for the office of "Imam" at all. This is because he himself has not understood the Qur'an and is inconsistent in what he says; this means that the imams are the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" that Jesus rebuked. (2) Because the Qur'an contains many of the events and characters of the Bible, the Islamic canon is not simply a Qur'an. The Qur'an cannot be made clear at all without a clear understanding of the Bible. This makes it much more difficult for the "old, bearded and clumsy imam" to preach the Qur'an, so that inconsistencies often occur, resulting in Muslims "expressing their conviction in the morning about what the believers have received, but expressing their disbelief at nightfall".
(3) If a Muslim says to an imam: "What you say today contradicts what you said a few days ago. Anyone who says such a thing will make the Imam blush, as if you had slapped him, and the Imam might regard the Muslim as a false accuser and apostate. (4) A wise Muslim who says to an imam: "What you have said today is a misinterpretation of the verse, because it is a metaphorical verse of God, which is a deliberate test of our wisdom, and is not the original meaning of God, and cannot be understood in a "straightforward" manner. Anyone who says something like that will embarrass the imam, and it will be like slapping him in the face, taking away his dignity, and the imam may see the Muslim as an apostate.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 25 Dec 2017 11:37 17:50 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











