The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (181-183) The Devil Killed the Prophets in Vain
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (181) Without a yardstick of righteousness and wickedness, there is the killing of the prophets in vain.
181. "Indeed, Allah has heard some people saying: Indeed, Allah is poor, and indeed we are rich. I will record what they say and what they do in vain to kill the prophets. I will say: Let them try the punishment of burning." : (1) Allah is the infinite vacuum, and heaven is the unborn and eternal, not only not poor, but truly rich. (2) Jesus, who lived only 30 years and had no possessions during his life, returned to heaven after completing Christ's mission and enjoyed eternal freedom, which is true riches. (3) You are indeed rich in this life because you have all sinned by eating flesh and killing life, speaking delusionally, stealing in disguise, committing adultery, drinking alcohol and breaking the commandments, eroding public property, etc. You will lose your wealth forever after death and go to hell to serve your sentence, and many of you will lose your lives forever and become animals, all because of your own ignorance.
(4) You do not know that the sign of Christ in the Book of Revelation is the infallible teaching of God, and that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) and all the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim". He did not know the reasons that led to the crucifixion of Jesus, and could not identify Jesus as a revolutionary who overthrew the Jewish devil group and founded Christianity. "This shows that he does not know what is right and what is wrong, that he does not know what is right and what is magic, and that he does not know what is a "true prophet and a false prophet", and that he has committed "the act of killing the prophets in vain". (5) Only the devil is "easy" to use. (5) Only the descendants of the devil "Ibrahim" would "kill the prophets in vain", for it is their nature to cause confusion and mislead the masses. Only the devil kills prophets in vain because he is ignorant and does not know right from wrong. (6) Not knowing what Christ and the devil are, not knowing that only those who can subdue the devil are Christ, and not knowing the concept of Christ and the devil is the cause of the killing of the prophets in vain.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (182) God will never wrong the servants who have not sinned
182: "This is because you have sinned, and because Allah is never a wrongdoer to His servants." (1) The reason for sinning is that one does not know what is the way of the Lord and the way of the devil, so that one takes the devil's way to be the way of the Lord without knowing it, and thus one speaks and acts in defiance of Allah; not knowing what is the "true prophet and the false prophet" is the reason for speaking and acting in defiance of Allah. (2) The phrase "Allah does not wrong His servants" is an omitted phrase, which omits the prerequisites and conditions for "wronging His servants". Allah does not wrong the servants who have not sinned. (3) You have sinned through ignorance, and because Allah will never wrong a servant who has not sinned.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (183), takes to Allah "an offering which the Fire has incinerated" and he is the devil in the guise of "Ibrahim".
183. "And they said: Indeed, Allah has commanded us not to trust in any messenger until He reveals the offering of the Fire. Say: Many messengers before me have revealed to you many clear proofs and what you have asked; if you are truthful, why do you kill them?" (1) Since Allah is an invisible breath and does not eat any food at all, taking "offerings burnt by fire" to Allah is not only wasting things and polluting the environment, but also insulting Allah who does not eat any food. (2) Whether he is praised by Allah or given a name by Him, until he shows the offering burnt by the fire, it is clear that he is an incarnation of the devil 'Ibrahim'. (3) "Allah has indeed commanded us not to be sure of any messenger", then we cannot be sure of Jesus, nor can we be sure of Muhammad, whereas Jesus and Islam are world-famous religions, and therefore the one who says so can only be the devil "Ibrahim "(4) Before me, there were people who said that.
(4) Many messengers before me, such as Jesus' rebuke of your Judaism in Matthew 23, have shown you many clear proofs of the devil's "Ibrahim" and that the words you plead in the Old Testament are delusions and demonic heresies that lead the world to insanity. (5) If you are truthful, why do you kill their animals for meat and give tribute to Allah and insult Him? If you are honest, why do you not know that they are demons who kill animals for meat and give tribute to Allah?
(6) Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears fruit that has a kernel." : This is God's "commandment to kill". This is the "commandment" of Allah "not to eat meat". This is a "command and a directive" from God to "eat vegetarianism". The person who kills an animal in sacrifice to God, regardless of his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill, and is a vegetarian". The Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" is the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe the righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to make them learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish and to make them become a farce that "covers their ears and makes them go backwards and forwards". "This is the behaviour and mentality of only a vile and shameless devil. (7) Genesis "4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Whosoever slayeth Cain shall be recompensed sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." "This is because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". This shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who killed the one who took the "flesh of the animal and sacrificed it" to Yahweh would be under Yahweh's protection.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 7 June 2018 16:55 19:47 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









