The True Exposition of the Qur'an Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (98-100) The Great Way of God makes man to be Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (98) Signs of disbelief if you misinterpret the Divine Scriptures
98. "Say: O you who believe in the Book! Why do you disbelieve in the signs of Allah, when He is the witness of your deeds?" : (1) O you who believe in the Scripture! Do you know what the Scripture is? "It is a book of scripture for returning to Paradise. Before returning to heaven one has to become "Christ like Jesus", so the "heavenly scriptures" are the classics of becoming Christ. Any scripture that does not make one a Christ is not a "heavenly scripture". (2) If you believe in scriptures that do not make one a "Christ like Jesus", then you do not believe in the Scriptures and you are not a "believer in the Scriptures".
(3) The Bible and the Qur'an are known to be "heavenly scriptures", but the imam does not allow Muslims to become "Christ like Jesus", and the imam makes Muslims "devout worshippers and prayers". "This shows that the imam has misinterpreted the Qur'an, that he is a "scribe who pretends to be a good man and a blind leader", and that he is a devil who corrupts Islam from within. "(4) The imam does not allow Muslims to become Muslims. (4) The imam does not allow Muslims to become "Christ like Jesus", and the imam makes Muslims "devilish minions who worship and pray", which means that the imam has misinterpreted the "heavenly scriptures". This means that the imam has turned the "Book of Heaven" into the "Book of Fire" and that the imam is the devil "Ibrahim" who misleads Muslims to the Fire.
(5) The Qur'an is full of biblical stories, and the "signs of God" are found in these biblical stories. "The crucifixion of Jesus is the "sign of Allah", and all Muslims become "Christ like Jesus" in order to return to God in Paradise. The Muslim becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron" and completes his mission in order to return to God in Paradise. (6) The signs of becoming a Christ are in the New Testament and can only be seen by those who are wise. A Muslim who reveals the true nature of the devil by his words and deeds, and reveals the image of "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron", has shown the "signs of God", which are acts of the Lord's witness.
(7) A Muslim who does not reveal the true nature of the devil in word or deed, who does not show the image of "Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", and who is a wretch who only "worships and prays", is "A sign of disbelief in Allah, a sign of belief in the devil. (8) The fact that God has witnessed the behaviour of your minions in the devil's cave means that you have met "scribes who are hypocrites and blind guides". If you heed the advice and become "rebels" to the traditions, you will be able to escape from the devil's cave and bring about a revolution. If you do not listen to advice, you will only be in the Fire forever.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (99) prevents those who believe from entering the path of Allah in order to protect the interests of the Imams.
99. "Say: O you who believe in the Scripture! If you are witnesses, why do you prevent the believers from entering the way of Allah and try to imply that it is an evil way? Allah will never overlook what you do." : (1) O you who believe in the Scripture! If you have testified that "the words and deeds of Jesus becoming the Christ" are "the way of Allah", why have you not become the words and deeds of the Christ? Because your imam is a "hypocritical scribe and a blind leader". (2) O you who believe in the Scriptures! Why do you not dare to expose Judaism as a devilish group, when you testify that the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis is a demonic figure? Why are you afraid to become a second Jesus? Because your imam is a "hypocritical scribe, a blind leader", because you are afraid of the authority of the imam's group, because you do not have the courage to take up the role of Christ, and so you have become a minion of the devil's cave who only "worships and prays with devotion".
(3) Knowing that Jesus called the Jewish prophets "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and "sons of God" who were overthrowing Judaism and thus being crucified as the Christ who returned to heaven. The imam, however, does not allow Muslims to become "Christ like Jesus", but instead makes them minions of the devil's cave of "devout worship and prayer", which is evidence of "preventing those who believe from entering the way of God and implying that it is an evil way". "This is evidence that the imams are the devil's "Ibrahim" who are corrupting Islam from within. (4) Muslims, without great wisdom, are suppressed by the imams' group and neglect your deeds. Allah does not ignore your deeds. You have chosen to protect the interests of the Imams and have misled the Muslims into becoming minions of the devil, and you are all "selfish, narrow-minded, mean-spirited and submissive" incarnations of the devil, "Ibrahim".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (100) Obedience to the Imam turns you into disbelievers after you have believed
100. "O you who believe! If you obey some of those who have received the Scripture, then they will make you disbelievers after you have believed." (1) Those who want to become "Christ like Jesus" and return to heaven on the Day of Resurrection are "believers". Those who do not want to be "Christ like Jesus" but want to return to heaven are "unbelievers". (2) The wise among the believers have discovered that the "signs of God" in the Bible and the Qur'an are the opposite of the interpretation of the imams, and because they are ordinary Muslims without the title of "imam" they are suppressed by the imams. (3) "had been subjected to the Divine Law".
(3) The "part of the people who have received the scriptures" are the imams and the imamate. The imams and the imamate are the "part of the people who have received the scriptures". Quasi-groups say that imams and groups of imams are "a small group of people who have received the Scriptures". (4) The original intention of the believers in becoming Muslims was to become "Christ like Jesus", but after the Muslims obeyed the imams who had received the Divine Scriptures, the imams did not allow the Muslims to become "Christ like Jesus", and the original intention of the Muslims was subverted and obliterated by the imams. The Muslim's original intention was subverted and obliterated by the imam, and the Muslim became a devil's cave minion who only "worships and prays with devotion", that is, "after believing in the Word, he becomes a disbeliever".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 5 Jan 2018 15:27 17:12 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









