The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (95-97)
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (95) Not all of what Allah says is the truth, but there are also "counter-words" and lies.
95: "Say: What Allah has said is true, so follow the religion of Ibrahim, the righteous, who is not a match for his Lord." (1) The Old Testament (Surat) has been mentioned many times before, and the reference to "Ibrahim" (Abraham) is repeated over and over again, all with the aim of directing Muslims to the Book of Genesis, and all with the aim of making Muslims go to Genesis to learn about the real "Ibrahim ". The verses in Genesis make it very clear that "Ibrahim" (Abraham) is an ugly image of the devil "who is worthy of the Lord". Through Ibrahim, the demon-possessed minion, we learn of the various scandals of the demon "Ibrahim", who became "the Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". This is the "religion of the righteous Ibrahim". (2) Because the Qur'an contains the verse "Observe the religion of the righteous Ibrahim", the reading of the Book of Genesis forgives "Ibrahim" (Abraham), the ugly demon who "took the Lord for his own", and puts the blame on him. "the ugly devil" and made him a "saint of the Islamic faith", he became a "materialistic" Jew, a "hypocritical scribe, a blind leader" rebuked by Jesus. (2) The "saints of the Islamic faith" have become "materialistic" Jews, and "blind leaders" who were rebuked by Jesus as "hypocritical scribes" and "blind guides", and "eccentrics".
(3) The test of God on "Christ and the minion" includes metaphors, refrains and ellipses. (4) The phrase "Allah has spoken the truth" is an "ellipsis". This is one of the questions used by God to test "Christ and the minions of the devil's cave".

Cain, in chapter 3 of the Qur'an (96) and chapter 4 of Genesis, is the "most ancient mosque created for the world".
96. "The most ancient mosque created for the world is indeed that auspicious house of heaven in Mecca, the guide of the world." (1) It is not true 'halal' if one is not completely 'vegetarian and does not eat meat and eggs'. To think that one is "halal" without being completely "vegetarian and not eating meat and eggs" is to drink the "ecstasy" of the devil, "Ibrahim This is a manifestation of the thinking of the devil's minion, who has taken the devil's drug "Ibrahim" and then taken falsehood for truth and wrong for right. (2) Muslims kill cows and goats for meat while claiming to be "halal", which is a manifestation of the devil "Ibrahim" slandering and abusing Allah. Those who do not eat vegetarian food, but kill sheep and cattle for meat, are not in a mosque, but in a devil's cave where people are killed.
(3) A mosque is a place where one does not eat meat and eggs, and where one does not kill people or create obstacles to killing them. A place that preaches "vegetarianism, not eating meat and eggs" and promotes "vegetarianism" is a true "mosque". (4) He who "eats vegetarianism and does not eat meat and eggs" and advocates "vegetarianism" is a majestic "mosque".
(5) "The most ancient mosque created for the world", in Genesis 4. "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the Lord" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep", indicating that God rewards and blesses those who observe the rules of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills a person who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh (God) will be protected by Yahweh. Thus, the "Cain" of Genesis 4 is truly "the most ancient mosque created for the world".
(6) The "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca" is about "Ibrahim" (Abraham), and God's intention is that Muslims should think of the "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca" through the "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca". The Book of Genesis, which details the story of Ibrahim (Abraham), is intended to lead Muslims to the Book of Genesis so that they can truly understand Ibrahim, the "devil's slave", who is "a man who is worthy of his master". "Ibrahim", the "devil's minion", and then become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". When all Muslims knew that Judaism was the true face of the devil's group, the "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca" became a "counter-example" to the world's understanding of the devil's group, and a guide to the "way back to heaven (7) However, the "Islamic world" has become the "antithesis of the devil's group.
(7) But the "Islamic world" worships in the "auspicious house of Mecca", and it is the "great pilgrimage", and no one even knows about it. (7) But the "Islamic world" is worshipping in the "auspicious house of the heavens in Mecca" and in the "great pilgrimage", and no one knows that Ibrahim (Abraham) is a demonic image of God, and they all regard Ibrahim (Abraham) as the "holy man of the Islamic faith". "This is the great achievement of the Imams' group, and this is what the devil's group is proud of. (8) The "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca" is a guide to reduce Muslims all over the world to the devil's cave of slavery and a signpost to the gates of the Fire, for there Muslims are not allowed to become Christians, but are reduced to the devil's cave of "devotional worship and prayer". Minions. (5 January, 11:40)

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (97) Anyone who can travel to the heavenly room is a slave of the devil's cave who has presumed to break the "peace" and "disquiet".
97. "There are many clear proofs therein, such as the foothold of Ibrahim; and whoever enters it finds peace. And whoever is able to travel to the House of Heaven, everyone has the obligation to make the pilgrimage to the House of Heaven for the sake of Allah. And those who disbelieve (do not harm Allah), for indeed Allah has no claim on the whole world." (1) "Ibrahim's foothold" is not the house in which he lived, but the place where he stood and walked is a "foothold". "Ibrahim's foothold" is the foothold of all of us, the place where we stand on our feet. (2) "Peace" means peace of mind and tranquillity of thought, a state of mind free from desire and want. To leave one's home and go on a journey is to break "peace" with delusion, so that one cannot get "peace" by going to "that auspicious heavenly house in Mecca", but can only get There is only "unrest". To "worship and pray" there is not a sign of "peace", it is the opposite of "peace".
(3) When one arrives at the "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca" and has the "unsettling" manifestations of "devotional worship and prayer", one still thinks that one has "This is a manifestation of self-deception and self-righteousness, which is the result of having drunk the "delirium" of the devil, "Ibrahim". They are all wisdomless minions of the devil's cave who have been tested by Allah's "examination questions". (4) Dear Arab brothers, why don't you know what "peace" is? Is your Imam a "scribe who pretends to be a good man and a blind guide"?
(5) Whoever travels to the house of heaven is a slave of the devil's cave who thinks that he has broken the peace and is not at peace. (6) "Hajj to the House of Heaven for the sake of Allah"? Does Allah need to perform Hajj? If "Allah does not need a room for Hajj", why do you "perform Hajj for the sake of Allah"? Therefore, the obligation to perform the Hajj for Allah is a "drug" of the devil, Ibn Ibrahim, and a recitation of the Jewish people for their "prophet". "(7) Whoever is able to travel to the heavenly places (7) Anyone who can travel to the House of Heaven does not know that "Ibrahim" (Abraham) is the "opposite" of what God left in the Book of Genesis, and is "restless". (8) The disbelievers know that "Ibrahim" (Abraham) is the "opposite" of what God left in the Book of Genesis, and that they are "restless" and "insane".
(8) The disbelievers, because they do not fall under the spell of the devil's "Ibrahim", do not play the farce of "right and wrong", and do not regard the magic of the devil's "Ibrahim" as the infallible law of Allah. (9) Those who believe will not be under the spell of the devil's "Ibrahim" and will not be guilty of "slandering Allah and harming the wisdom of men", so they will not "harm Allah". (9) Those who believe, because they are under the spell of the devil's "Ibrahim" in the guise of Allah, and because they are misled by their imams (blind guides), will perform the farce of "reversing right and wrong", and will put the devil's "Ibrahim" magic to the test. 易卜劣厮 "的魔法当成真主的不二正法，会有 "毁谤真主，害人慧命 "的弥天大罪，从而 "有损于真主"。
(10) "Indeed, Allah has no claim on the whole world", and therefore "Allah does not need to perform the Hajj" and "the obligation to perform the Hajj for the sake of Allah" is not valid. "(11) "Indeed, Allah is the One who does not seek the world. (11) "Indeed, Allah has no claim on the whole world" is used specifically to disprove the previous statement that "everyone has the obligation to perform the Hajj for Allah", because "everyone has the obligation to perform the Hajj for Allah "Allah knows that the Muslims will stick to the words, so He has used the phrase "Indeed, Allah has no claim on the whole world" here to disprove it, in order to see which Muslim is wise enough to see through The purpose is to see which Muslim is wise enough to see through the "word games" of Allah. (12) Those who fail to see through Allah's "word games" will really believe that "everyone has the obligation to perform the Hajj for Allah" and will fall into the "trap" set by Allah and become slaves in the Devil's Cave. They will then fall into the trap set by Allah and become minions in the devil's cave. If one understands Allah's "word games" and does not really think that "everyone has the obligation to perform the Hajj for Allah", then one will not fall into Allah's predetermined "trap" and will become a "slave". The "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 January 2018 09:26 15:21 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









