The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Family of Yimran (44-47) Christ's Access to the Mysteries
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (44) Only Christ knows "the news about the mysteries"
44. "This is the news of the mysteries, which We have revealed to you; you were not present when they cast lots to decide who would raise Mary, nor were you present when they argued." (1) From 35 to 43, these stories about the Mary are "heavenly messages" that Muhammad left in the Qur'an, and they are "mysterious messages" that only (2) In reality, the Qur'an is a "mysterious message" left by Muhammad. (2) In fact, the Qur'an contains many "esoteric messages", and there is a vast amount of "esoteric messages" that cannot be directly stated before the Last Judgement, because This is the day of the "new moon" in the Islamic world. It was not until the "end of the world" came on 21 December 2012, when the "Last Judgement" was inaugurated, that these "esoteric messages" were revealed under the "sun of the East". (3) It is about the "Catholic Church".
(3) This is the "esoteric message" about the "Catholic Church" raising the "Mary", the mother of Jesus, to obliterate the Christianity of Jesus, which Muhammad revealed to the Muslims, if they did not know that this was the overthrow of Muhammad. This is evidence that Muhammad was a great religious revolutionary, and that he was a "blind leader" who misled the minions of the devil's cave. (4) The "women of Yimran" sent the Mary to the temple, and when they cast lots to decide who would raise the Mary, you were not present, so you could not be sure if it was true, and you could not believe their words. You can't believe their words, "Jewish prophets", they are liars and deceivers.
(5) You were not present when they argued about "the gods of heaven and Zakariyya", you were not present when they argued, you only saw these lines of the Qur'an, so you should not believe them, because "this is a message about the mysteries", you have not become a Christ, nor have you really understood the mysteries. You have not become a Christian, nor have you really understood the mysteries, so you do not know if it is true. (6) The imams who hold the Qur'an in their hands are "blind guides" who know nothing and are possessed by the devil, who know the mysteries that mislead Muslims into slavery in the caves of the devil.

The Qur'an, chapter 3 (45), gives Mary's birth to Jesus out of wedlock, which is "news of the mysteries".
45. "Then the God of heaven said: O Mary! Indeed, Allah has given you a word from Him to give you glad tidings. His name is Messiah, the son of Mary. Ursa, who is honoured in this world and in the Hereafter, and is dear to Allah." : (1) The God of Heaven said, O Mary! The word from God is: Give you a son, "Grow up to be honourable and self-restrained, and become a prophet of goodness", and this is God's good news to you. This son is called "Messiah Uzzah". This son is called "Messiah Uzzah", which is Christ Jesus, the Son of God. (2) You were not present after the "casting of lots to decide who would raise Mary", so you cannot believe the words of their "prophets of Judaism", who are liars and deceivers. (3) You were not present at what "Mary" said, and you cannot believe it because "it is a message about the mysteries", and you have not become a Christ, nor have you really understood the mysteries, and you do not know if it is true.
(4) al-Masih The word "mashiah" is derived from the Hebrew word Mashiah, which means "Messiah" and means "the anointed one". Originally used by Jews to refer to a prophet or king who performed the ritual anointing with oil, it was later extended to mean "saviour" as the hope for national renewal was placed in the "Messiah". Christians among the Jews inherited the idea of the "Messiah" as a title for Jesus, or Christos in Greek, which translates as "Christ". (5) "Isa" is also translated as "Issa", i.e. Jesus who founded Christianity. (5) "Ursa" is the Arabic translation of Jesus.

46. "He will speak to men in his prime in the cradle, and he will come to be a good man." (1) "To speak to men" means not to be mute. (2) Let the Christian be Christ, which is the true good man. (3) Let the disciples who "believe in God and want to return to heaven" become "swirlers and saluters, pious abiders and bowers", none of them becoming Christ (the Son of God), but all of them being the devil's "Ibrahim (4) "The God of heaven has no power over the children of God.
(4) If you are not present when God says this to Mary, you cannot believe it, because "this is a message about the mysteries", and you have not become a Christ, nor have you really understood the mysteries, so you do not know if it is true.

Chapter 3 (47) of the True Qur'an states that "the mother of Jesus was not at all unmarried and pregnant with Jesus"
47. "She said, "My Lord! How can I have a son when no one has ever had contact with me? And the God of heaven said: Thus will Allah create those whom He wills. When He judges a thing, He only says to that thing, 'Yes,' and it is there." (1) "And when He judged a thing, He only said to that thing 'Yes' and it came into being", this is within the six days of Genesis, when there was not yet all things, so God "only said to that So Allah "only said 'Yes' to that thing, and it came into being". It took six days to complete the stage of "saying 'yes' to the thing, and it came into being". "And on the seventh day, when God had finished his work of creation, he rested on the seventh day from all his work, and rested." (2) Does everyone understand? The time of Jesus' birth was not "within the six days" of Genesis, and there could be no "unmarried conception of a man". Muhammad is not emphasizing here that Mary was "unmarried and pregnant", but rather that "the mother of Jesus was not unmarried and pregnant at all".
(3) The verse in Matthew 1 about Jesus' "virgin conception and birth", "This is the news about the mysteries", is a "test question" from God, and if you believe it, you are a minion of the devil. If you believe it, you are a minion of the devil's cave. (4) Jesus was born normally. These "miracles of birth" are "falsehoods" that do not correspond to the truth, and are the "test questions" that distinguish "Christ from the devil's slave". The "test question" is to distinguish between "Christ and the minion of the devil's cave".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 23 Dec 2017 15:30 16:50 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









