The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (55-58) The Last Judgement Judgement of Right and Wrong
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (55) After the beginning of the Last Judgment, Allah will judge for you what is right and wrong in your disputes.
55. "Then Allah said to Ursa: Surely We will make you live, and We will raise you up to Us, and We will purge you of the slander of the disbelievers, and We will set those who believe in you above those who disbelieve in you until the Day of Resurrection. Then you will come to Me alone, and I will judge for you the right and the wrong of what you have disputed." (1) God said to Jesus: "I will surely make you end your life on the cross, and I will raise you up to me, because you have sacrificed your life for righteousness and death, and you have shown "the true way of making people become Christ's return to heaven". No religious can ascend to me without your realm. (2) The slander of the Jewish community against you is the "slander of the disbelievers" and the slander of the devil, "Ibrahim", against God.
(3) Use the reality of the spread of Christianity throughout the world as a means of cleansing you of the slander of the disbelievers, the Judaizers. (3) To cleanse you of the slander of the disbelievers of the Jewish faith by having the Jewish groups who slander you killed and divided. (4) Let those who believe in your "infallible truth, which makes men Christ's return to heaven" be above those who do not believe in your "infallible truth" until the Day of Resurrection when the human body dies.
(5) God is the Supreme Vacuum, the representative of openness, selflessness, devotion and sacrifice. You have been initiated into the religion of the Messenger of God, and by practising in accordance with the law, you have become the Christ who is open and selfless, who gives and takes nothing, and who gives up life for righteousness. You have been restored to your true nature as "children of God", and then you have returned to Me alone. (6) Because you lived in the "magic age", you paved the way for the coming of the "age of righteousness" in the Hereafter, and you did not judge the rights and wrongs of your arguments during your lifetime until after 21 December 2012 "In the time of the Last Judgement, when the Age of Righteousness comes, the Messenger of Allah will decide for you what you have been arguing about during your lifetime, and will remove all the demons that the devil has imposed on you, and will return to you what is rightfully yours.

(56) Those who do not believe in "the infallible truth that makes one a Christ to the heavens" will be severely punished in this world and the Hereafter.
56. "As for those who disbelieve, I will punish them severely in this world and in the Hereafter, and they will have no helper." : (1) As for those who do not believe in the "infallible truth of the return of Christ to heaven", as revealed in the Book of Revelation, as for those who, under the guise of God, obliterate the "infallible truth" by the magic of "devotional worship and prayer "Those who do not believe in Islam are the devil's "Ibrahim" who have corrupted Islam from within, and they have all committed "I will punish them severely in this world and in the Hereafter, and they will have no helper. (2) Those of you who do not believe in the "infallible truth of the return of Christ to heaven" as revealed in the Book of Revelation, read the eight signs of Christ as indicated in the Book of Revelation, correct your misconceptions, abandon your old thinking and get out of the You should read the eight signs of Christ marked out in the Book of Revelation, correct your misconceptions, abandon your old thinking, get out of the gloom of the "new moon", accept the "sunlight of the East" for yourselves, and let everyone around you accept the "sunlight of the East", and make up for your mistakes, so that you may be spared severe punishment in this world and in the Hereafter. And if you do not have any helpers, then you will not be punished severely in this world and in the Hereafter.

(57) The devil loves the unrighteous, and the unrighteous are all devils in disguise.
57. "As for those who believe and do good deeds, Allah will make them enjoy full reward. Allah does not love the unrighteous." (1) Those who believe in the "infallible truth that makes man Christ's return to heaven" as revealed in the Book of Revelation are the true believers, the direct descendants of Jesus and Muhammad. (2) It is the first good thing in the world to promote the "unfailing truth that makes men Christ's return to heaven" by exposing the devil's true nature, so that those who believe in God are protected from the devil and become Christ's return to heaven. The one who believes in the "unfailing truth that makes man Christ's return to heaven", as revealed in the Book of Revelation, is the one who truly does good.
(3) Those who believe in the "true way of making man Christ's return to heaven" as revealed in the Book of Revelation are completely vegetarian, do not eat meat or eggs, do not have the sin of cruelty to life, and basically do not need to "offset their merits and demerits", so they can enjoy the full reward. (4) Those who believe in the "true path of Christ's return to heaven", as revealed in the Book of Revelation, are completely vegetarian, do not eat meat and eggs, do not steal, do not commit adultery, do not lie and cheat, do not drink alcohol, and do not have the sin of mutilation or other major sins, and basically do not need to "offset their merits and demerits". "(5) Let those who believe in Allah have the right to be fully rewarded.
(5) Those who believe in God are reduced to "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and bowing", none of them becoming Christ (the Son of God), and flocking to hell in droves. (6) God does not love unrighteousness. (6) Allah does not love the unrighteous, and the unrighteous are rejected by Allah. And the devil loves the unrighteous, and the unrighteous are all devils in disguise.

(58) Maximising the value of a short life is the "wise lesson" that Jesus left to the world.
58. "These are the signs which I have pronounced to you, and the wise lessons." (1) These are the signs that I, Jesus, read to you Muslims through the Qur'an to become Christ back in heaven. Do you all understand, Muslims? (2) Only a wise person can see the "infallible truth of becoming Christ to heaven" as revealed in the Book of Revelation, and can become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", and can see that the Old Testament is the "antithesis" of the true face of the devil. "antithesis". (3) Those who are not wise are not wise because they have too little or too narrow a knowledge, which leads to a lack of vision, a lack of humble and knowledgeable outlook on life and values, laziness, indolence, lack of physical exercise, inability to bear hardship and hard work, and many other reasons, which lead to "lust that leads to wisdom" and drinking from the devil's " (4) Jesus lived only 30 years.
(4) Jesus lived for only 30 years, and because he had lived as if he were going to die, he was able to enjoy the comforts of heaven for all eternity by preaching the "infallible truth that makes men Christ's return to heaven". The longer one lives, the more one suffers from "food, drink, sleep, life, sickness and death". This is the "wise teaching" of Jesus. Maximising the value of a short life is the "wise lesson" that Jesus left to the world. (5) To live 70, 80 or 100 years without becoming Christ, to live and suffer the sins of "eating, drinking, sleeping, growing old, sick and dying", and to die and suffer the sins of the fire, is the opposite of Jesus' wise teaching of ignorance.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 24 December 2017 10:20 15:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









