The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (160-163) Judaism, which Jesus rebuked, is a devilish group
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The righteous who "break the path of evil" are the Christ who clarifies the truth.
160. "But those who repent of their sins and set forth the truth, We will forgive them. I am the most forgiving, the most merciful." (1) Using the Gospel of Matthew 23 from the Bible, Jesus tells the world that the words and actions of Jesus in calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" are Jesus' words and actions that expose the true nature of the devil's group to set out the "right way" for the world. "This is Jesus demonstrating what it means to "follow the right way" by his words and deeds of "breaking the evil way", showing that Jesus was the revolutionary who used Christianity to overthrow the demonic group of Judaism; Jesus is a model for all religious people in the world Jesus is a model for all the religions of the world, and no religious person can return to heaven without the words and deeds of Jesus, but is a devilish "ebbo" in the guise of God. "The people of Christianity and Islam who have such words and deeds are "those who repent of their sins and clarify the truth" and God "will forgive them" for all their previous sins. If the people of Christianity and Islam do not do so, they are not "repentant and truthful" and God will not "forgive them" all their previous sins. (2) The "Pharisees" whom Jesus rebuked were the Jews who practised the Old Testament, and if "Christianity and Islam" cannot include the family of "Abraham" ( If "Christianity and Islam" cannot classify the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in Genesis as "representatives of the devil", it does not give Jesus a reasonable characterisation as a revolutionary who used Christianity to overthrow the devilish group of Judaism, that the crucifixion of Jesus was not justified, and that Jesus was not the Christ who returned to heaven. If Jesus was the Christ who returned to heaven, then Jesus was the revolutionary who used Christianity to overthrow the devilish group of Judaism, and the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in Genesis should be classified as "representatives of the devil", because Jesus rebuked the The Judaizers inherited the indoctrination of the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim).
(3) The Old Testament can be a classic of the faith of "Christianity and Islam", but the "Jewish prophets" are all teaching materials that show the "devil's image", and are not the object of study at all. The family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) must not be considered as "saints" alongside Jesus. Jesus is a "saint" in heaven, the family of Abraham and all the Jewish prophets are criminals in hell. "The people of Christianity and Islam are "repentants of their sins and clarifiers of the truth", and God "will forgive them" for all their previous sins. If the people of Christianity and Islam do not do so, they are not "repentant and truthful" and Allah will not "forgive them" for all their previous sins. (4) "Those who repent of their sins and clarify the truth", Allah is "Most Forgiving, Most Merciful". Those who do not repent of their sins and do not clarify the truth, Allah will not forgive them, and they will be rejected by Him.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (161) Those who do not know that Judaism is a devilish group are the disbelievers.
161: "He who disbelieves all his life and dies without believing will be forsaken by Allah and will be cursed by the God of heaven and all mankind." (1) He who does not position Jesus as a revolutionary who overthrows the devilish group of Judaism with Christianity, who does not consider "the Jewish prophet and Judaism" as "the devil and the devilish group", and who thinks this way until his death, is not only He who does not see the Jewish prophets and Judaism as "devils and devilish groups", and who thinks in this way until his death, is not only "a man who has not believed in the way of God all his life and will die without believing in it", but also "a man who has not known the way of God all his life and will die without knowing it". "(2) This is because in their previous lives they were not aware of the "righteousness" of Allah, and they were minions in the devil's cave who drank the "ecstasy" of the devil, Ibrahim. (2) This is because they did not do good deeds in their previous lives. If they were deceivers in their previous lives, they will be deceived in this life. This is the law of the universe that "good is rewarded with good and evil is rewarded with evil".
(3) Jesus is the God of heaven who sees death as a reward, and the Jews whom Jesus rebuked were "lifelong disbelievers and dying disbelievers". (4) Those who mutilate animals for "burnt offerings" and those who "eat meat, steal, commit adultery, lie and drink wine" are "lifelong disbelievers who will die without believing". How can they be "saints"? How can they be "saints"? They are rightly subject to "the rejection of God and the curse of the gods and of all mankind".

162. "They will remain in the Fire forever, without remission or clemency." (1) Those who do not repent of their sins and do not clarify the truth, Allah will not forgive them, but they will remain in the Fire forever. (2) Those who, under the guise of Allah, do not allow Muslims to become Christ (the children of Allah) and make them minions of the devil in the cave of "pious worship", and cut off their way back to heaven and make them live in vain and go back to the cycle of reincarnation, such "imams" are devils! "They will live forever in the Fire, without remission or clemency. (3) For example, the ancient "prophet" was a demon-possessed man who wrote scriptures in the name of God that reduced people to slavery, the very opposite of what it means to be a Christian. The ancient "prophet" is still brutalising modern man, and he will have to increase his sentence accordingly, and there will never be a day when he is out of prison. He will not be released from prison until his evil theories are disproved by the modern generation and no one else passes on his verses, so that he can no longer harm people.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (163), which seals in the heart the "unique truth of the righteousness of the law", becomes the Christ.
163. "And He whom you worship is the only Lord, and there is none to be worshipped save Him, and He is the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful." (1) "God" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the source of all life, the infinite vacuum, the One whom you should worship, the only Lord. (2) When you are "thoughtless, innocent and mindless", this is the true state and way of worshipping God, and when the one and only God is your Lord, which is the manifestation of being in Paradise. When you do it deliberately in order to achieve your goal, it is the opposite of "thoughtlessness, innocence and heartlessness", the realm and way of worshipping the devil, when you are dominated by all kinds of devils, when you are abused by all kinds of devils, and when you are in the Hell of Fire.
(3) "Praising God, worshipping God" and so on are all man-made methods of creation, and are all "works of creation" that have birth and death. When you practise any of the "laws of works", you are doing it deliberately, which is the opposite of "thoughtlessness, innocence and mindlessness", which is the realm and way of worshipping the devil, when you are dominated by all kinds of devils, and when you are abused by all kinds of devils. It is the time when you are dominated by all kinds of devils, when you are abused by all kinds of devils, and when you are in the Hell of Fire. (4) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and is the ultimate vacuum, and only the "law of lawlessness" (the law of inaction) is right. Apart from this one method, all the "laws of being" are wrong magic, and this is the "truth that the right law is unique". This is the "unique truth of the righteousness of the law", which is imprinted in the heart as a yardstick to determine "the righteousness of the way and the evil, Christ and the devil". "(5) God is "the only one who is the only one".
(5) God is "the only Lord; there is nothing to be worshipped but Him", and "God" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the infinite vacuum, so that only "Therefore, only the "law of lawlessness" (the law of nothingness) is right, and all "laws of being" except this one are wrong magic. This is the truth that the right Dharma is unique. This is the "unique truth of the right way", which is imprinted in the heart as a yardstick to determine "the right way from the wrong way, Christ from the devil", and to distinguish "the right way from the wrong way, Christ from the devil". "Then they will be "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". Do you understand, brother Muslims? (6) If you break the devil's "law" with God's "law of nothingness", you will become "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". If you complete your mission as Jesus did, you will become the God of Heaven, and you will understand what the "Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate God" is.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 25 November 2017 15:55 18:00 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









