The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (151-152) The Messenger of God and the Messenger of the Devil (Eblis)
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (151) The one who misinterprets the Qur'an is the Imam "of your people"
151. "As if We had sent a messenger from among your people to enlighten you, to read to you Our signs, to enlighten you, to teach you the Scriptures and wisdom, and to teach you what you do not know." (1) The Messenger who expounded the Qur'an "taught you Muslims" to be "servants of God in worship" and positioned the relationship between God and Muslims as one of "master and servant". This person among your people is not a messenger sent by Allah, but a messenger of the devil "Ibrahim" under the guise of Allah. (2) Because "146 and those who have been rewarded by Me with the Scripture know him as if he were their own son or daughter", the Messenger of the Qur'an who expounded the Qur'an "taught you Muslims" to be "children of Allah The Messenger of the Qur'an was thus interpreted as "teaching you Muslims" to become "children of God" (the Son of God, the Christ, the Holy One who is not different from God), positioning the relationship between God and Muslims as "mother and son", and that this person, whether he was "of your people" or not, was sent by God to the Islamic world to deliver Muslims to heaven. This person, whether "of your people" or not, is a messenger sent by Allah to the Islamic world to save Muslims from their fate.
(3) Quote: "Muslim" is a derivative of the word "Islam", which means "he who submits to God and achieves peace". Do you see? The world knows that "Muslim, Islam" means "He who submits to Allah and achieves peace", which means that the "Imamate" of the Islamic world has not read the Qur'an "If the Imamate had read this sentence, how could they not have known that it was a reference to God's position on "the relationship between God and Muslims"? If the Imams had read this sentence, how could they not have known that this was a reference to God's positioning of the "relationship between God and Muslims" as that of "mother and son"? Are the people of the Imamate illiterate? Why are they so far off in their understanding? What is the reason for this discrepancy? Please think about this, Muslim brothers. It is because the Muslim brothers believe too much in their "imams" that they are able to understand the Qur'an "as they wish" and thus achieve their aim of leading the people of the Islamic world. (4) "Muslim, Islam" means one who submits to the Messenger of God and becomes a son or daughter of God. This is what the Qur'an gives to the believers in God, and this is what God set up Islam to mean.
(5) Not only Islam, but also the five major religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, have at their core the teaching that the believer should not become a "submitter to God and a peacemaker", but that the believer should become a Christ in this world and complete his mission and return to Paradise. It is not at all about becoming "obedient to God and achieving peace". (6) To interpret the meaning of "Muslim, Islam" as "one who submits to God and achieves peace" is to directly mislead Muslims into slavery in the devil's cave and not to allow them to become Christ at all. This is a sign that the Imamate is a devilish group. This is a sign that the Imamate is a devilish group. "This is a sign that the Imamate is a group of devils. The Imamate has failed the good Muslims and they should be overthrown and judged by the "revolutionaries" of the Islamic world.
(7) To position the relationship between Allah and Muslims as a "mother-child relationship" means that the "Messenger of Allah" is reading to you My (Allah's) signs, inculcating you Muslims to become "children of Allah (8) The "mother-child relationship" of your Islamic world is the "Messenger of Allah" reading to you the signs of Me (God), inculcating you Muslims to become "children of God", teaching you the correct understanding of the classics of becoming a Christian and how to possess the wisdom of Christ. (8) The fact that you, the "Imamate" of the Islamic world, make Muslims "servants of Allah in worship" and do not allow them to become "children of Allah" means that There is something "among your people" that they do not know. The fact that the relationship between Allah and the Muslims has been positioned as "mother and son" and that the Muslims have been made "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is a sign that the Messenger of Allah is teaching you what you do not know. This is the Messenger of Allah teaching you what you do not know. Do you understand, brother Muslims?
(9) Allah says: "146. And those who have been rewarded by Me with the Scripture, know him as if he were your own son or daughter". Instead of treating Allah as their "old mother", Muslims are taught by the "imams" to "worship" Allah, and you say "kowtow and pray". Do you say that "kowtowing, praying" and other such ignorant and ugly words and actions are what a mother would want? Which one of you treats your own mother in this way at home? Do you know what kind of person a mother wants her children to be? (10) What would a mother think of a "child of Allah" who kills animals for meat, when she is the mother who gave birth to the universe and the infinite vacuum that gives birth to all things without expecting anything in return?
(11) The Qur'an contains many names and stories from the Book of Genesis, which is a sign that God is guiding Muslims to read the Book of Genesis. Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I have given you all the vegetables of the earth that bear seed, and all the fruit of every tree that has a kernel, for food." Muslim brothers, this is God's "commandment" to "not eat meat", do you know that? Do you know that this is God's "command and explicit rule" to "eat vegetarianism"? Why don't you know it? Have you met the "scribes, the blind leaders of the hypocrites"? (12) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." "This is because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD (God)" and also killed "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep as a sacrifice The killing of "Abel", the brother of "Abel", shows that Yahweh (God) rewards and blesses those who observe the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of animals and sacrifice them" to Yahweh (God) will be protected by Yahweh (God). Do you know, brother Muslims? Is it right or wrong for you, brother Muslims, to eat beef and lamb?
(13) There is no killing in Paradise, it is the source of life, it is the place where life is nurtured, it is not a "slaughterhouse" at all! The angels in heaven "eat the wind and drink the dew" and do not eat at all, for the angels themselves are a breath of light. Allah is the "energy group" that gives birth to life in the universe. He does not eat at all and is not a "meat-loving animal", let alone a "beast that has to eat animals all day long to fill its stomach He is not a "meat-loving animal" or a "beast that eats animals to fill its stomach". Therefore, anyone who sacrifices the flesh of an animal to Allah is a devil who slanders and insults Allah, who gave birth to life, with his words and actions. Do you know this, brother Muslims? Do you know what the Jewish community is that kills animals for "burnt offerings" to God? Do you know what the "Jewish prophets" of God are in the Book of Genesis?
(14) Do you know, Muslim brothers, who the Chinese are now interpreting the Qur'an, who "teach you what you do not know", and who the messenger is from? Muslim brothers, do you think that the Muhammad of a thousand years ago would have become a Chinese? Do you think that the Muhammad in heaven would have had Chinese brothers? Oh. It is people who have borders; heaven has no borders. All angels are children of Allah no matter which one they are.
(15) The greatest enemy of mankind is mankind itself, and the greatest enemy of a people is the insiders "among your people". It was not the Chinese who misinterpreted the Qur'an and misled Muslims for more than a thousand years, but the imams and groups of imams "among your people" who came after Muhammad.

(152) In this life, if we do not become Christ, we are failing to live up to the expectations of our "old mother", God, who wants her son to return home.
152: "Remember Me, therefore, and I will remember you; give thanks to Me; and do not fail Me." (1) Allah created the universe and is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to all things in the world. Every living being on earth, whether or not they follow the Qur'an, regardless of their nationality, is a child of the "Old Mother", Allah. If it were not for the Old Mother, we would not have a civilised world today, so we should remember the Old Mother in our homes in paradise as we remember the Old Mother in our homes in paradise. "Allah. "Allah, the old mother, is looking forward to her son's return home and sends messengers down to the earth to ferry people back to heaven. (2) Remembering Allah is not a matter of "devotional worship" to Allah, but rather a state of mind that is "empty of all things", for all that the naked eye sees is a state of What the naked eye can see is a false image with four stages: "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", whereas Allah is the ultimate vacuum, a truth that the naked eye cannot see. Therefore, it is the messenger of the devil, Ibrahim, who makes Muslims "worship" to Allah; it is the messenger who makes Muslims Christ (the children of Allah) by not making them "worship" to Allah. He who does not allow Muslims to "worship" Allah but makes them Christ (children of Allah) is the "Messenger of Allah".
(3) The Muslims who follow the Qur'an are those who remember Allah, and as a result of the "Divine inspiration", Allah will remember you. In order to lead those who remember Allah to the right path, Allah sent His messenger to become a man of the world. Whoever is wise enough to find the Messenger of Allah and accept him becomes "a man of the world", "with eyes like fire" and "with eyes like fire". He will be able to see God in heaven at any time and fulfil his mission, and will be able to return to God as Jesus and Muhammad did, fulfilling God's desire for his son to return home. (4) Only by becoming Christ will we be able to thank God from the bottom of our hearts for His mercy, and we will have fulfilled His expectations for each of His children. If we do not become Christ in this life, then we have failed to live up to God's expectation of the return of our sons and daughters, and we have become "unfilial" and a criminal in hell. (5) If we do not become Christ in this life, we become criminals in hell. Islam is a "boat" that takes people to heaven, and if Muslims do not "abandon the boat and disembark", they will die on the boat and be buried in the sea of law because they do not know what the other side is.
(6) All things in this world are the children of Allah, the Old Mother, and you should be grateful to Allah for the life He has given you and cherish it in this life. The animals are the children of Allah, the Old Mother, and mankind's desire to eat meat and eggs is "killing life". "Whoever misinterprets the scriptures from the point of view of "eating meat is justified" is an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim". (7) If you are here in this world and enjoy a heavenly material civilisation, you should thank me (Allah, the Old Mother) for my selfless gift and not "eat meat and eggs", but be vegetarians and good people, and return to heaven after you have completed your mission to build a heaven on earth as a token of your sincere gratitude to me. If you "eat meat and eggs", you will have broken the commandment "not to kill life", you will not have thanked me sincerely, you will have failed to fulfil my teaching, and you will be punished by hell. (November 23)

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 23 November 2017 15:15 19:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (149-150) The place where a Muslim becomes a Christ is the forbidden temple
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (149) The place where a Muslim becomes a Christ is the forbidden temple
149: "Wherever you go out from there, turn your faces towards the forbidden temple; indeed, this is the truth from your Lord. Allah will never overlook your deeds." (1) The Forbidden Mosque is not a particular place in the world, but a place where Muslims are taught how to become "children of Allah" (Christ), where the "infallible truth" of Allah is taught, and where the only way to pass on Islam is to be a "child of Allah" (Christ). It is a place where the "infallible truths" of Allah are spoken, and where the only core teachings of Islam are transmitted. (2) A place where Muslims can become "servants of God" and not only is it not a "forbidden temple", but it is also a place where the devil is in the guise of a "forbidden temple". It is also a place where the devil, "Ibrahim", plays with his minions. (3) The "imams" of the Church group have themselves become "servants of God" and have made all Muslims "servants of God", and have led all Muslims of the world to Mecca. What is the point of drawing all the Muslims of the world to the "forbidden temple" in Mecca? Is that what Allah wants? No, it is the wish of the devil, Ibrahim, to make a spectacle of himself and to create the illusion of a large crowd so that the unwise will go with the crowd. (4) Jesus was clearly being led by the devil.
(4) Jesus was clearly crucified by Judaism, but the Islamic world is unable to understand the hostile relationship between "Jews and Christians", and even classifies the "Jewish prophets" whom Jesus overthrew as saints together with Jesus. This means that you are all confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused. Not a chance. Therefore, the "forbidden temple" that turns your face away is in fact the devil's "Ibrahim's" cave where he plays with his minions. (5) The devil, Ibrahim, has sent Muslims to the "forbidden temple" in Mecca, not to preach about how to become "children of God" (Christ), but to make them They are not talking about how to become a "child of God" (Christ), but they are asking Muslims to become "servants of God", which in fact means that they are asking all Muslims to bury their "imams" with them.
(6) How to become a "child of Allah" (Christ) is in the Book of Revelation, which is indeed the truth from your Lord, have you Muslims seen it? The words of Jesus against the Jews are in the 23rd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, which is indeed the truth from your Lord, have you Muslims seen it? (7) Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I have given you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel." This is God's "commandment", this is God's "commandment" to "not eat meat", this is God's "command to eat vegetarian "This is indeed the truth from your Lord, do you Muslims see it?
(8) God is the common mother of mankind, and we are all children of God. There is no need for children to "worship" their mothers, nor is there any need for them to "whirl around and pay homage to them and bow down". No mother would make her children "devout servants of her mother", nor would she make them "those who whirl around and pay homage to her mother, those who abide in her devotion and those who bow down to her mother". If a mother makes her children "servants of the Mother of God" and makes them "those who circle around and pay homage to the Mother of God, those who live in the Mother of God and those who bow down to the Mother of God", she is a devil without mother and child, "Ib The mother is the devil "Ibrahim" who has no mother-child bond. (9) Do you know what it is to be a "servant of Allah in worship" and to be "one who circles around to pay homage to his mother, one who abides in devotion, and one who bows to his mother"? It is the opposite of what Allah intended for Muslims to be, and it is the opposite of what Allah intended for them to be, and it is an act that grieves Allah and pleases the devil, Ibrahim.
(10) "146. And those who have received from Us the Scripture, know him as if he were one of their own children." The Qur'anic verse is so clear, why have your "imams" misinterpreted it? Why do their "imams" still make you "those who spin and pay homage to their mothers, those who abide in their mothers with devotion and those who bow down to their mothers"? "Why do the imams interpret the meaning of "Muslim, Islam" to mean "submission to God and peace"? "Why does "Muslim, Islam" not mean that the believing Arab population should become "children of God" (Christ) under the guidance of the Messenger of God? Because the "imams" themselves have not become "children of God" (Christ) and do not know what "children of God" (Christ) are, so they can only make Muslims become "This is why the "imams" of Islam are "hypocritical scribes, blind guides", and are Jewish believers in the Old Testament. This is why they regard the "Jewish prophet" in Genesis as a saint.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (150) The "Khelbai" in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, is not a true "house of heaven and forbidden temple"
150: "Wherever you go out, turn your face towards the forbidden temple. Wherever you are, turn your faces to it, lest others should make an excuse against you. Except the unrighteous among them, but do not fear them, but fear Me, that I may fulfill the grace which I have bestowed upon you, and that you may follow the right way." : (1) A Christ (Son of God, Messenger of God, Child of God) like Jesus and Muhammad is a saint. The place where a Muslim becomes a "Christ (saint) with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron" is the unique "holy temple". The place where the present Christ (saint) speaks of how to become "the Son of God, the Messenger of God, the child of God" is the unique "holy temple". A "forbidden temple" is a "holy temple". (2) Not every mosque with a Qur'an is a 'holy mosque'. "A place where the imam makes Muslims "servants of God" but not Christ is the opposite of a "holy mosque" and is a devil! It is a place where the devil, the "Ibrahim", under the guise of God, defames God and abuses His servants. (3) The "Khelbai room" in Mecca is not at all about how Muslims can become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", so it is not a "forbidden temple" at all. "It is a place where the devil, "Ibrahim", under the guise of Allah, slanders Allah and abuses His minions.
(4) Quote: "According to Islam, the Khelbai was built by Adam, the ancestor of man, on the basis of a heavenly prototype, and a few generations later the Khelbai was destroyed by a flash flood in Mecca, and the Prophet Ibrahim (Abraham) and his son Ishmael The Prophet Ibrahim (Abraham) and his son "Ishmael" (Ishmael) rebuilt Kerbai (Qur'an 22:26, 2:127), and "Ishmael" (Ishmael) assumed the holy office of Kerbai. He followed the Ibrahim (Abrahamic) Orthodox religion." This indicates that this is a manifestation of the presence of the Judaizers within Islam. The "Ibrahim (Abrahamic) Orthodoxy" is the Judaism that practices the Old Testament. Judaism is the demonic group that was overthrown by Jesus' Christianity and killed him. Ibrahim (Abraham) was the first of the "prophets of Judaism" who were rebuked by Jesus as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", which means that the "Kerberos" of Mecca before Muhammad The first of the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" who were rebuked by Jesus. (5) Quote: "Later, when his son Nabit was in charge, the real power fell into the hands of the Jurhum tribe, to which his uncle belonged. In the 3rd century AD, the tribe of Khelbai was seized by the Huzar tribe of Yemen. By the time of Amur ibn Ruhaj, the orthodox religion of Ibrahim was abandoned and several idols were erected in the temple of Kerbai, which became a centre of polytheism for three centuries. Later the tribes competed for the charge of Kerbai, which was taken by Qusayi ibn al-Kirab, the chief of the Quraysh tribe, in about 440." Note: Although Judaism, Christianity and Islam all reject "belief in idols", "Jehovah in Judaism, the cross in Christianity and Kerbai in Islam" are all "idols But "Jehovah in Judaism, the cross in Christianity and the kerbai in Islam" are all "icons. In fact, for the religious world, without faith there is no "idol", but with faith there must be an "idol". This is what is just, rational and sober. Those who do not know the faith of the religious community because they first have an "idol" and then have faith, are all people who have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil, "Ibrahim", and are unable to distinguish between right and wrong, taking falsehood for truth. They are minions.
(6) Christ and God are masculine, light and white, while the devil, Ibrahim, is feminine, dark and black; this is the "theory of relativity" inherited from the Chinese Taoists for 7,000 years. The "black satin mantle covering the exterior of Mecca, which is changed every year", is a manifestation of the devil's cave, which is the opposite of the bright and upright heaven, and therefore there will be no doctrine for Muslims to become Christian saints. Therefore, there is no doctrine of making a Muslim a Christian saint, but only a doctrine of making a Muslim a "servant of God in worship", so that it is the opposite of the original meaning of the "forbidden temple". (7) The removal of the idols from it in Muhammad's time means that it was not used as a place of worship for Islam, but only as a place where teachings were given. The places where Muhammad preached were "forbidden temples", not any particular place at all. After the death of Muhammad, there were no imams who had reached the level of Muhammad, so they had to focus on "worship". The churches of the Muhammadan period were transformed into "Islamic places of worship".
(8) The Qur'an, "127. At that time, Ibrahim and Ishmael raised the foundation of the house of heaven", and if the Islamic world regards this "house of heaven" as the "Khelbai house of heaven" in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, this is a curiosity in the Islamic world. "This is a great shame for the Islamic world. (9) "Ibrahim and Ishmael" appears in Genesis 16-21, where Allah's purpose is to make known that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) expelled his natural son, "Ishmael (Ishmael), his own son, so that they might realise that "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the "prophet", was a devil without humanity, and so that Muslims might develop the "eyes of fire" that only Christ has. The eyes of the flames" that only Christ has. With "eyes like a flame", one becomes the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and who, if he does not fall away during his lifetime and fulfils his mission, will be able to return to the "heavenly room" in a hundred years. The Muslim who, because of the story of Ibrahim and Ishmael, discovers that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the true face of the devil and becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame". If he does not fall away during his lifetime and fulfils his mission, he will be able to return to the "house of heaven" in a hundred years. This is how "Ibrahim and Ishmael" "built the foundation of the house of heaven", do you know this, brothers?
(10) If you misinterpret the concept of "the house of heaven and the forbidden temple" and do not give it a correct interpretation, but instead interpret man-made structures as "the house of heaven and the forbidden temple "You will be deceived by the devil "Ibrahim". (11) If you understand a man-made building that does not tell you how to become a Christian to be a "heavenly house and forbidden temple", and if everyone goes to the "heavenly house and forbidden temple" and does not hear the doctrine of how to become a Christian, such a "heavenly house and forbidden temple" is a "heavenly house and forbidden temple" of the devil. Such a "heavenly house and forbidden temple" is a devil's cave where the devil, "Ibrahim", plays with his slaves. If you turn your faces to the devil's cave, it is inevitable that others will make excuses for you. (12) If you believe in God and Muhammad and do not understand the Bible and the Qur'an, and do not know the one and only core doctrine of Islam, then the devil, Ibrahim, will teach you "devotion to God" as a doctrine of Islam. How can it be the teaching of the devil, Ibrahim, when you think that "worshipping Allah" is the core teaching of Islam? This means that "others are making excuses for you" and you don't know it yet. This means that you have become the servants of the devil, the Ibrahim, and you think that you are servants of Allah. This is the sorrow of the entire Islamic world.
(13) The "unrighteous among them" in the Islamic world are the "rebels and rebellious" who do not agree that "worshipping Allah" is the teaching of Islam. They are the "revolutionaries" who are in opposition to the mainstream Islamic group of "imams" because they have their own unique views on the interpretation of the Qur'an. "(14) "The unrighteous among them are not the ones who are not in the right place. (14) "Except for the unrighteous among them", that is, except for the "revolutionaries" who oppose the mainstream Islamic group of "imams", that is, the "revolutionaries" who oppose the mainstream Islamic group of "imams", that is, the "revolutionaries" who oppose the mainstream Islamic group of "imams". "They are the ones who make Muslims "pious worshippers of God" and do not allow them to become "children of God" (Christ, the Son of God). They are the devil's "Ibrahim" who promote magic under the guise of Allah, and are in fact "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders", while apparently being "righteous people" who promote Islam. (15) "Not a single one of them is a good man.
(15) "With the exception of the unrighteous among them", the "revolutionaries" who opposed the Islamic group dominated by the "imams", and the "imams and the imam group" who were the apparently righteous. The "Imams and the Imamate" are the "righteous" who appear to promote Islam, but are in fact the devil's "Ibrahim" who promote magic under the guise of Allah, but do not fear them, for they are a devilish group of thieves, a "paper tiger". They are a "paper tiger". If you do not fear them, you are "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". If you fear their power and submit to their doctrine, you become a servant of the devil's group. (16) As Allah is the creator of the universe and we are all given life by Him, "Fear Me (Allah)" and do not submit to the seemingly powerful group of devils, for I (Allah) am the Lord of the universe. If you do not have the courage to do what is right and sacrifice your life for righteousness, and if you give in to the seemingly powerful "imams" (devil groups), you are selling your soul and not "fearing me". If you do not dare to reveal the true nature of the devil's group, you are not "fearing me (Allah)", which means that you are the devil himself, "Ibrahim".
(17) It was Jesus who "feared me" and did not betray me but did not fear the powerful Judaism, so Jesus' stern rebuke of Judaism as a "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" caused the Judaizers to panic and crucify Jesus, who This is my (God's) fulfilment of Jesus and my (God's) grace upon him, and whoever of you achieves what Jesus did by dying as he did will have my (God's) fulfilment and will have my (God's) grace upon you to prove that you have followed the right path. This is the correct view of life and values in the world. (18) Unfortunately, this right view of life and values does not exist not only in the Christian world, but also in the Islamic world, because the Last Judgement has not come. "When the Last Judgment comes, this right view of life and values will be known to the world, and more new Christs will be made.
(19) Throughout the Qur'an, there are many biblical characters and events that are intended to remind us that "Jesus was crucified by Judaism" and that we should clearly position Judaism as a demonic group through the fact of the blood of Jesus. All Jewish "prophets" are incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim". (20) To position the Jewish prophets and Judaism as "the devil and the devilish group" is to not fear them as a devilish group, you are the Christ who fears God, and to become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is to be fulfilled by God, and to become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is to be fulfilled by God. You have become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", which is a grace from Allah; your words and deeds of "breaking the evil way" are a sign that you are following the right way.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 22 November 2017 15:50 23 14:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











