The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (139-141) The Revolutionaries Will Finally Prevail
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(139) The revolutionaries who believe in God's "infallible truth" will have the upper hand in the end
139: "Do not be discouraged and do not grieve, for you will have the upper hand if you are believers." (1) The revolutionaries of the Arab nation, who have understood the truth, should not be discouraged by the smallness of their power and should not be worried by the strength of the Imams. You are the elite of your time, and you will be assisted by God to achieve the victory of the few over the many, and will eventually prevail, if you are believers in God's "infallible truth". (2) If you are not believers in God's Unfailing Truth, if you have not become "the Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and if you do not have the heavenly spirit of sacrificing your lives for righteousness, you will not be able to feel God's assistance, and you will not be able to overcome the many with the few, nor will you be able to prevail in the end. You will not be able to overcome the many with the few, nor will you be able to gain the upper hand.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (140) The qi flowed around the world, and the revolutionaries converged into a mighty revolutionary army.
140. "If you have suffered wounds, then indeed the enemy has suffered the same wounds. And We have made the air flow among the people of the world so that Allah may judge the believers and bear witness by you - Allah does not love the unrighteous." : (1) When there is revolutionary struggle, there are wounds. If you have suffered wounds, then indeed the enemy has suffered the same wounds, and there is hope of victory. (2) Allah has caused the air to flow between the worlds, and the revolutionaries have become a powerful revolutionary army.
(3) The question of "Allah's selection of the believers" is a test for Allah, for He does not need to select anyone to know who is a revolutionary, for every revolutionary is a god sent by Allah to the world, so it is not "Allah's selection of the believers", but "Allah has made it possible for everyone to identify those who are revolutionaries". You have given the name of the new sect of revolutionaries in order that everyone may identify those who are revolutionaries and then let everyone bear witness to your words and deeds as revolutionaries. (4) Those who are discouraged by the wounds they have suffered, and who do not have the courage to persevere, are the surrenderers among the revolutionaries, the unrighteous. Allah does not love the unrighteous. If a person is not pessimistic or discouraged when he suffers a trauma, and has the courage to persevere, then he is a righteous person who sacrifices his life for righteousness. Allah loves the righteous, and the Paradise of the rivers is a place where only the righteous can go.

141. "So that Allah may exercise the believers and destroy the disbelievers." (1) Allah uses "trauma" to temper those who believe, and those who "suffer trauma" and do not regret it or lose their will to fight, become Christ. (2) Those who have been "traumatised" and are shaken in their thinking and have lost their will to win and their revolutionary zeal and have become surrendees and disbelievers and unrighteous people, they will be destroyed by Allah.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 19 Jan 2018 18:01 18:45 End of edit in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









