The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (50-51) Jesus confirms that Judaism is a demonic group
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (50) "The Unseen Truth that makes man a Christ to the heavens" is "a sign from God"
50. "(I have been commanded to) confirm what was sent down before me in the Book of Surah and to relieve you of a part of the prohibition. We have revealed to you a sign from Allah, so fear Allah and obey Me." : (1) The Zorat (Old Testament) was sent before Jesus, who was commanded to confirm that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group that mutilated lives. In Matthew 23, Jesus called the prophets of Judaism who practised the Old Testament "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", an act that overthrew Judaism and caused panic in Judaism, which then crucified Jesus. Jesus used the fact that he was crucified by Judaism to confirm that Judaism was a devilish group that mutilated lives. (2) The "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" in the Old Testament are all demonic figures who lie, cheat, eat flesh and kill people, so Judaism, which practises the Old Testament, is a devilish group of people who kill people. Since no one before Jesus saw Judaism as a devilish group, and many people had become minions in the Jewish ghetto, God sent Jesus to confirm that the Book of Zorat, which had been revealed before Jesus, was a classic in which God was presenting a "devilish image" in a "reverse" literary way. (3) The development of Jesus' Christianity was not a matter of learning from the "Jewish prophets" in the classic, but of not learning from them at all.
(3) After the development of Jesus' Christianity, many people became Christian disciples, freeing many from the slavery of the "Jewish prophets", a part of the ban that Jesus lifted for you. (4) Those who are wise, through the confirmation of the fact that Jesus was crucified by Judaism, know that Judaism is a devilish group that kills lives, and thus turn away from Judaism to save them from harm, which is part of the prohibition that Jesus has lifted for you.
(5) "A sign from God" is that "God has made man an infallible truth for the return of Christ to heaven", and "God has made man an infallible truth for the return of Christ to heaven" is found in the last book of the New Testament, the Revelation. By not reading the Book of Revelation, you are ignoring the sign that Jesus has revealed to you from God that your imams are "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" and that you should leave them quickly. Flee from the devil's den and find another imam. (6) "Christ" means "the Son of God, the holy man who is like God"; like Jesus, who called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" to expose the true nature of the devil and overthrow him. He is the "Christ" who exposes the true nature of the devil, who overthrows the devil's group, and who dies as if he were dead, who dies generously.
(7) The signs and specific images of Christ are described in detail at the top of the book of Revelation in chapters 1 and 2, and if you ignore them, you become the devil directly, and you pass on the devil's magic as "the Christian's indoctrination into Christ". (8) The eight marks of Christ: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron. (9) Christianity is the indoctrination of Christians to be Christ (the Son of God, the holy man who is one with God), the indoctrination of Christians to be "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received the rod of iron "The indoctrination. This inculturation is the "unique way of return to heaven" that God has left to the Western world, also called "the true way of God's return to heaven for man to become Christ"; in short, "the true way and the true law".
(10) Muslims, fear God and obey me, Jesus. You should practice what the Book of Revelation prescribes: "God has made man to be the true path of Christ back to heaven", and only by becoming Christ can you return to God. (11) Both Jesus and Muhammad are the bearers of God's "infallible way of making man a Christ to heaven", which is why the Qur'an of Muhammad proclaims Jesus and his words. (12) There are demonic groups and there are righteous alliances. The practice of the Old Testament is one of the demonic groups of the ancient and modern demons. He who practices the Book of Revelation and becomes "the Christ whose eyes are like a flame of fire and who has received a rod of iron" is a member of the League of the Righteous.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (51) Allah is the Lord of all things in the world
51. "Indeed, Allah is my Lord and your Lord, so worship Him. This is the right way." (1) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the common mother of all things, the unique and infinite vacuum, and the merciful "Father". The "Old Mother of God" and the "Old Mother" are two sides of the same coin. This is the detail of the attribute of the "infinite vacuum". The fact that Jesus called God "Father, my Father" is an indication that the "Old Mother of God" and the "Beginning Father" are one and the same. The "Beginning Father" is anonymous, while the "Old Mother" is the one who is merciful to all. (2) The God of Islam is indeed the Lord of Jesus and the Lord of you Muslims and all things in the world.
(3) You Muslims and all things in the world should worship Allah, for you are all "children" born of Him. It is only by practising God's "infallible truth that makes a man a Christ to the heavens" and becoming "a Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" that you are restored to your true nature as "sons of God". After completing his mission as if he had died, he will be able to return to God, and this is the true worship of Him. (4) Muslims do not practise God's "infallible way of making man a Christ to heaven", but become "circlers, pious abiders, bowers", and do not become Christ (the Son of God), which means that you are worshipping the devil! "Ibn Abdallah" means that your imams are all the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" that Jesus rebuked, that you are all Judaizers in the guise of God, and that you are all minions of the devil's cave.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 24 December 2017 07:50 09:06 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









