The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (145-146) Christ Upholds the Glory of God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (145) What is rewarded depends on one's outlook on life and values
145. "No one will die without the permission of Allah, and Allah has predestined the life of every man. We give the reward of this world to whoever desires it, and the reward of the Hereafter to whoever desires it. We will reward those who give thanks." : (1) All things are born of Allah, and all life is given by Him, and no one can die without fulfilling his mission and without His permission. (2) Before each person is born, Allah has predetermined the life span of each person and the mission of each person, and whoever will do anything is carrying out Allah's mission.
(3) "Whoever wishes to receive the reward of this world, We will give him the reward of this world" indicates that whoever deserves the reward of this world is given by Allah as a given. Whoever wants the reward of this world and makes a hundred percent effort to obtain it, and does not get discouraged after failing, Allah will give the reward of this world to him. If you want the reward of this world, but do not give 100 per cent of your efforts to it, and do not get discouraged after failure, Allah will not give it to anyone. If you are stingy in giving, Allah will be stingy in bestowing. (4) Whoever wants the reward of the Hereafter and pays the price for it, and gives up his life for righteousness and dies generously, Allah will give the reward of the Hereafter to him. If one wants the reward of the Hereafter but does not pay the price for it and does not sacrifice his life for righteousness and die generously, Allah will not give the reward of the Hereafter to the Paradise of the rivers.
(5) There are two kinds of reward in this world, material and spiritual, and whichever you seek, Allah will grant you. (6) There are two kinds of reward in the Hereafter, the reward of the Fire and the reward of Paradise, and whichever one you seek, Allah will grant you. If you are an imam who seeks fame and fortune and reduces Muslims to "whirlers of salutations, pious dwellers and bowers", and none of them become Christ (the Son of God), your reward in the Hereafter will be the punishment of the Fire and the misery of becoming a beast. If you are a "Christ like Jesus", if you call the imams "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", if you expose the imams as a group of demons, and if you sacrifice your life for righteousness and die a generous death, you will be rewarded in the Hereafter with a trip to "(7) Awareness of the fact that Allah is the God of birth and death.
(7) Realise that Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to all things, and thank Him for the preciousness of this life. Seeing that the Imams were a group of demons who were trying to corrupt Islam from within under the guise of Allah, he decided, in order to preserve the glory of Allah from being sullied by the demons, to prevent the Imams from misleading more people, and to save the lives of more people, to use his life to attack the powerful group of demons, and to use his words and deeds to preserve the glory of Allah from being sullied by the demons as a token of his gratitude to Allah for the gift of his precious life. (8) Who can be like Jesus? (8) Whoever, like Jesus, gives his life to defend the glory of God from the devil as a token of gratitude for the "preciousness of God's presence in this life" will be rewarded in the same way as Jesus and will live forever in the "Paradise of the rivers".
(9) God will reward Christ for "preserving the glory of God from the devil". (10) What one says and does will depend on one's outlook on life and values, and what one says and does will be rewarded.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (146) God loves the righteous who sacrifice their lives for righteousness, and the Paradise of the rivers is in fact the Paradise of the righteous.
146. "There were many prophets, and there were some wise men who fought with them, and those wise men were not discouraged by the hardships they encountered in the way of their Lord, nor did they slacken or give in. Allah loves the persevering." (1) There are two kinds of "prophets"; the "Jewish prophets", who are the embodiment of the devil, and the Christ like Jesus, who is the embodiment of righteousness. (2) There are also two kinds of "philosophers"; those who believe in the "Jewish prophets", who are the embodiment of the devil, and those who believe in Christ, who is the embodiment of righteousness, like Jesus.
(3) The "way of the Lord" is one and the same, and there is only one true way for man to become Christ and return to heaven. The way that does not make one Christ is not only not the "Lord's way", but a demonic way in the guise of the "Lord's way". (4) Knowing that the "Jewish prophets" are the incarnation of the devil and that Christ, like Jesus, is the incarnation of righteousness, and knowing that the way that does not allow people to become Christ is not only not the "way of the Lord" but a demonic way under the guise of the "way of the Lord "Such a person is truly a "prophet and a wise man".
(5) The demonic group was so powerful that the unique "main path" was obliterated by the demonic path in the guise of the "main path", and those who promoted the "main path" suffered the hardship of parting with life and death. The Prophet and the Prophetine did not let the hardships they encountered discourage them from giving in. They were determined to defend the glory of God with their lives from the devil. (6) Allah loves those who endure, and He loves those who sacrifice their lives for righteousness, and the Paradise of the rivers is in fact the Paradise of the righteous.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 15 Jan 2018 16:11 17:57 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









