The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (83-84) All Religions are Allah's
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Chapter 3 of the True Exposition of the Qur'an (83) brings together the essence of the five religions to form the religion of the Middle Heaven, replacing the single religious model.
83. "Shall they seek other religions than the religion of Allah? Meanwhile all things in the heavens and the earth, whether voluntarily or not, are subservient to Him, and they will be called to Him alone in the future." (1) God is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and all things are the children of God. All the teachings of mankind have been given to him by God. The "prophets" of all religions, whether they be Christ, who made man into a Christian, or the devil, who made him a slave of the devil, are all messengers of God with different missions. All religions are the teachings of God. The five great religions of the world, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, are the five brothers of one mother. (2) The "Five Religions of the White Sun Buddhism" does not discard the original single religious model, but rather the essence of the five religions, so that all religious people can become all-rounders who are proficient in the essence of the five religions, showing that the "Almighty, the All-Knowing" is the child of God. The true nature of the children of God, the "All-Powerful, the All-Knowing". Do you understand? Muslim brothers, the "Five Religions of the White Sun Buddhism" is not a "search for other religions instead of the religion of God", but a "technical upgrade" of the five religions of God throughout the world. (2) It is not a "technical upgrade" of the five religions of God that are spread throughout the world.
(3) It is not a matter of "submitting to Him whether voluntarily or not", but of not forcing those who do not voluntarily give up their single speciality to learn the five religions of the Middle Kingdom. The precepts of the Zhongtian religion are "not to kill and eat meat, not to steal, not to commit adultery, not to lie and not to drink", and the teachings are the essence of the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. Anyone who does not have the ability to earn 3,600 yuan must be an idle, free-spirited person who cannot become a Christian. The purpose of the 3,600 yuan tuition fee for becoming a disciple of the Church is to keep the jerks out of the Church and prevent them from tarnishing the innocence of the Church. You have your own volition to disbelieve, but I have my own conditions, so it is fair and just. In short, the Middle Heaven Church chooses its people and never pursues quantity at the expense of quality. (4) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, God opened the "Judgement of the End of Days" so that all the world would know what "righteousness and magic, righteousness and devilry" are. The "end of days judgement" was carried out by God, and the essence and dross of the religions were cleaned up, and the religions were upgraded so that no single religion could be taught to the modern man in the 21st century. The disciples of the original five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, those who were willing to abandon the darkness and turn to the light, and those who were willing to accept the new religion, were "called to him alone", without any other choice, because "the righteousness of the law is one and the same". (5) In short, the 21st century is a time when the Church of God is not the only one to be called.
(5) In short, the only way for religious people to become Christians after the 21st century is to abandon their former mono-specialist religion and to practise the doctrine of the "five religions as one". (6) The monotheistic religions of the past are not approved by God and are "ships that have long since departed". Those who continue to carry on the monotheistic religions are devilish "Ibrahim" who are against God and disobey His command.

(84) This is a "test" from Allah, a "drug" from Allah.
84: "Say: We are sure of Allah and of the revelations we have received, and of the revelations which Ibrahim, Ishmael, Ishag, Yair Khu Bai and the tribes have received, and of the classics which Musa, Ursa and the prophets have received from their Lord, and we do not discriminate against any of them, but we submit to Him." : (1) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. "Ishmael" is the son of "Abraham" called "Ishmael" who was born to Hagar the Egyptian, the second wife of "Abraham", who was then called "Abraham "Abraham" at that time was called "Abram", and these things are heard in the 16th chapter of Genesis. (2) Quote: "Ishmael" built the house of heaven with his father in Mecca, and lived there, and became its manager from generation to generation. Note: These stories about the "building of the house of heaven" are all lies of the Jewish devil.
(3) "Ishaq" is the Arabic translation. Isaac in Genesis is the second son of Ibrahim, the brother of Yishmael. (4) Citation: Some have suggested that "Ishaq" is the "Isaac" of Genesis, but Muslim commentators do not consider it appropriate to equate the two. Note: This is the Jewish devil spreading "ecstasy" to keep us from distinguishing right from wrong; the "Muslim commentators" have the same tone as the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament. (5) "Yair Khufu
(5) Ya'qub, the Arabic word for Jacob in Genesis, is the grandson of Ibrahim, the son of Yitzhak. If you read the book of Genesis, you will know that Jacob was a liar and a cheat. (6) "Musa" is the "Moses" of the Book of Exodus. "(6) "Moses" is the "Moses" of the Book of Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, a demon who has been a scourge for ages. The purpose of this is to create "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron".
(6) "Ursa" is the Jesus who founded Christianity and overthrew Judaism with the New Testament. The overthrow of Judaism by Jesus is found in Matthew 23, where Jesus calls the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" because the Jews did not see that the Old Testament was a literary creation of God using "reverse thinking". The Jews did not see that the Old Testament was a "demonic image" created by God in a "reverse literary way" and could not be understood in a "straightforward" way. Jesus, having understood the Old Testament, launched an attack on Judaism in order to save the Jewish people who had gone astray, causing great panic in Judaism, and they crucified Jesus, exposing Judaism even more as a devilish group of murderers.
(7) "We do not discriminate against any of them, but we submit to him" is a "test question" from God, a "delusion" from God, designed to confuse the Muslims who read the Bible. This is Allah's "test", Allah's "ecstasy", to confuse Muslims who read the Bible and dare not point out that the "Jewish prophets" who crucified Jesus are evil, and are thus eliminated from the game and reduced to minions who do not distinguish between right and wrong and take falsehood for truth.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 28 December 2017 08:00 16:20 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









