The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (65-68) "Ibrahim" is the "opposite"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(65) Not knowing that Ibrahim is a devil means that one is not a believer in the Book of God.
65. "O you who believe in the Book! Why do you debate with us about Ibrahim (religion)? The Surah and the Qur'an were revealed to him only after he had passed away. Do you not understand?" : (1) "Ibrahim" is the Jewish prophet "Abraham" in the Book of Genesis. The religion that has the Jewish prophet "Abraham" as a saint is Judaism. (2) The Book of Genesis is 3,500 years old and was written by an ancient Egyptian pharaoh as a classic of God's "demonic images". It was given to "Moses" hundreds of years later, who inherited the teachings of the prophet "Abraham" and spent four years between 798 and 795 BC writing the books of Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, following the Book of Genesis. (3) The Book of Rabbath is the Old Testament part of the Bible, a classic of Judaism, and the "Jewish prophets" are all devilish "Ibs". The Catechism is the part of the New Testament written by Jesus and his disciples, which is the Christian doctrine that overthrows the Jewish devilish group. (4) The Christian New Testament, which overthrows the teachings of the Jewish Old Testament, is the fruit of Jesus' religious revolution.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (66) Do not debate what you do not know.
66. "Surely you people can debate what you know, but how can you debate even what you do not know? Allah knows, but you do not know." : (1) To debate what one does not know is to engage in "falsehood, speculation and nonsense". Do not debate what you do not know, do not pretend to know, and do not show hypocrisy and ignorance. (2) Allah knows because He is the Omniscient, the Divine. Indeed, you do not know because you are ignorant and have no wisdom.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (67) "Ibrahim" is a "counter-example" to the "devil's image" by using the "reverse thinking" method "
67. "Ibrahim was neither a Jew nor a Christian. He was a man of righteousness and submission to God, and he was not a man who was worthy of his Lord in kind." : (1) The Book of Genesis is 3,500 years old and was composed by an ancient Egyptian pharaoh as a classic in which God revealed the "image of the devil". It was given to "Moses" hundreds of years later, who inherited the teachings of the prophet "Abraham". Between 798 and 795 B.C., Moses spent four years writing the books of Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, following the Book of Genesis. (2) The Old Testament was written in the fifth century, which was the official beginning of Judaism. Thus, Ibrahim was neither a Jew nor a Christian.
(3) "Ibrahim" was not a "Moses" in the sense of a man who was worthy of his Lord in kind, but "Ibrahim" (Abraham) was "an actor" of God's. He was an "actor" of God, an "antagonist" who corrupted the truth of the Unseen, an unmistakable image of the devil, "Ibrahim", in order to show the world the true nature of the devil and thus to create The purpose is to show the world the true nature of the devil and thus to create "a Christ whose eyes are like a flame of fire". (4) Whoever can see that "Ibrahim" (Abraham) is a demon-possessed minion is "the Christ who has eyes like fire and feet like bright brass and has a rod of iron". This is the reason for the character of "Ibrahim" (Abraham).
(5) "Ibrahim" (Abraham) is the "antithesis" of the "devil's image" that God is presenting in a "reverse way of thinking "If you follow a "straightforward" literary approach, you are reversing the entire meaning of Allah's classic. "The worship of 'Ibrahim' (Abraham) as the 'saint of the Islamic faith' and the Old Testament as the 'classic of the Islamic faith' are all reversed according to the 'straightforward' literary approach. "This is a misinterpretation of the meaning of the text, and it is a pure devil's "Ibrahim".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (68) "The Blessed One of the believers" is the great wisdom of the "believers" themselves.
68. "Indeed, those who are closest to Ibrahim are those who obey him, and this Prophet, and those who believe. Allah is the Blessed One of the believers." (1) Those who are closest to Ibrahim are indeed those who obey him, and those who speak and act like this prophet are Jews, and are the opposite of those who believe in Allah's "infallible truth that makes man a Christ to heaven". (2) Those who were closest to Ibrahim were not those who obeyed him, but Christ, who saw him as a "devilish figure" and the "opposite" of God, and who opposed him as a "prophet" and regarded him as "ignorant". "It is the one who sees him as "ignorant" and the one who believes in God's "infallible truth that makes man a Christ to heaven".
(5) "God is the Blesser of the believers", which is the word of the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament, is a "drug" given by the devil, "Ibrahim", to Muslims who believe in God. (6) Muslims who believe that "the Prophet of Judaism" in the Old Testament (6) If Muslims think that "Allah is the Blesser of the believers", it means that your imams are "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", and that you do not know what the Book of Revelation reveals about Allah's "infallible truth that makes men The true way of becoming Christ to heaven". If you had known what the Book of Revelation reveals about God's "infallible way of making man Christ's return to heaven", you would have known that the "Blessed One of the believers" is not God at all, but the "believers "(7) Religion is a way of making the faithful into believers. (7) Religion is a way for the believers to become the bearers and guardians of God's "unfaithful way of making man the return of Christ to heaven", to keep God's "unfaithful way" from being corrupted by the devil as if they were dying, and for the believers to give their lives to fight against the corruption of God's "unfaithful way". "It is for the believers to use their lives to attack the demons who have corrupted Allah's path, so that Allah's glory is not tarnished by the demons, not for Allah to be the protector of the believers.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 25 December 2017 09:55 11:35 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









