The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (108-110) Muslims are mostly sinners
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (108) "The signs of God" are the infallible teachings of God to make man a Christ back to heaven.
108. "This is the sign of Allah, which contains the truth, and We read it to you, and Allah does not want to wrong the creatures." (1) The "signs of Allah" are the infallible teachings of Allah to make man a Christian. The signs of Allah are the literary expressions, such as metaphors, ellipses, and refrains, that Allah has used to reveal the infallible teaching of man to become a Christian. (2) The truth contained in the "signs of God" is the infallible indoctrination that allows man to become Christ's return to heaven.
(3) The truths contained in the Signs of God are not known to the average imam, but are "not to be revealed until the person is known and not to be revealed until the time is known". (4) As Allah does not want to wrong the fear of all beings, let me explain the Book of Revelation, the Qur'an, and read it to you who are good-hearted, so that you may know that it contains the inalienable teachings that will enable you to become a Christ to Heaven, and to embark on the "golden route, the ladder of heaven" to Heaven, so that you may not be a human being in vain.

109. "All things in the heavens and the earth are God's, and all things are God's alone." (1) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to all things in the heavens and the earth out of nothing, the infinite vacuum, also called the "Lifeless Old Mother". (2) If there were no Allah, there would be no heaven and earth. Man should convert to God and return from being to nothing. This is the only way to bring man back to nothing.

(110) There are very few Muslims who have a clear conscience, and most of them are sinners.
110. "You are the best of the people who have been created for the world, and you advise the good and abstain from the evil, and believe in Allah. It would be better for those who believe in the Book if they were convinced of what is right. Some of them are believers and most of them are sinners." (1) Not knowing that the Book of Revelation and the Qur'an contains "the infallible teaching that makes one a Christ to the heavens" and that the religious people are "those who whirl around and pay homage, those who abide in piety and those who bow down", and that no one who becomes a Christ (the Son of God) is convinced of God (2) The Arab nation is the best of peoples. (2) The Arab nation is the best of peoples because Muhammad is the Christ who knows "the infallible teaching that makes man Christ to heaven" in the Book of Revelation. The Qur'an keeps referring to the Old Testament and the New Testament and their characters in order to lead Muslims to the Book of Revelation. Because they do not understand the Book of Revelation, they do not know that these "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis are all demonic figures, and they become Judaizers in the guise of Islam.
(3) If they do not know that God has made it clear in the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an that "man should eat vegetarianism and not kill and eat meat", they will not be able to "advise good and abstain from evil" and will "not distinguish between good and evil and reverse good and evil". "(4) The Arab nation is the best of peoples. (4) The Arab nation is the best nation because Muhammad knew that God had made it clear in the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an that "man should eat vegetarianism and not kill for meat", but he could not make it clear because it was not the time of the Last Judgment. God wanted to see how many wise Muslims there were. As a result, Islam was divided as soon as Muhammad died, which means that Muhammad did not leave a true legacy, as God intended.
(5) If those who believe in the Scriptures do not know what is evil and what is devilish, they will not know what is right and will take "certainty of the devilish way" for "certainty of the right way". (6) A Muslim can only be "convinced of the right way" if, like Jesus, he has spoken and acted in such a way as to call Judaism "a hypocritical scribe and a blind leader". If Muslims do not say and do not call Judaism "a counterfeit scribe and blind leader", as Jesus did, they cannot be "convinced of the right way". For without the words and deeds that break down the devil's way, the right way cannot be established.
(7) Among Muslims, some of them are wise, because they have not resolved their doubts and have concerns about the Imams' group, fearing that they might mislead others and not promote the religion. Such upright and good believers who have no conscience are few and far between and are the elite of Islam. (8) The majority of Muslims do not have the habit of independent thinking and are unwise people who do not know that they have many unresolved doubts, do not have concerns about their imams, are not afraid of misleading others, and go about teaching in order to try to "promote the good deeds of Islam" and become Muslims who sell their conscience. "The majority of Muslims are therefore sinners.
(9) Muslims do not have the "unique consciousness of righteousness", they do not know the "iron rod" that separates the "righteous from the devil", and they do not see the devil for what he is. "The ignorance of the Muslims has led them to become sinners who "slander God", and they do not know what "the scribes who pretend to be good and the blind guides" are. (10) Muslims do not have a good knowledge of the Book of Genesis. (10) Muslims do not have an expository record of the Book of Genesis and the Book of Revelation, and do not know where the explicit provision of the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an that "man should eat vegetarianism and not kill and eat meat" is. The Muslims' ignorance has led them to become "sinners", so most Muslims are sinners.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 January 2018 15:00 16:10 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









