The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3 The Yellow Cow (254-256) Leaving property after death is injustice
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (254) It is indeed unrighteous to leave property after death.
254. "O you who believe! Divide your possessions before the Day when there will be no sale, no friendship, and no intercession. Indeed, those who do not believe are unrighteous." (1) The "day of no sale, no friendship, no affection" is the day after the death of man. After the death of the human body, the soul of man will be brought to the Judge by the civil servants of hell for a just judgment. The "sale, friendship and affection" of the human world will not be tolerated by the judges of hell, for it is not the dirty world of man, but the court of God, where the rights and wrongs of life are judged and where the final destination is decided. (2) O you who believe in the truth of God, before you die, divide your possessions, for you did not bring them with you in life, nor should you leave them behind after death; you all came to this world naked and empty-handed, and you should return naked and empty-handed. Those who have parted with their possessions before they die are righteous people who are worthy of heaven and earth, and whose souls have returned to heaven. (3) Only those who come and go in peace are those who have accepted the teachings of the Mosque. If you die and leave a lot of property behind, it means that the mosque you have accepted is a devil's cave occupied by the devil, Ibrahim.
(4) Those who do not believe in the truth of Allah, before you die, you may not part with your property, but you may leave it behind, because you did not bring it with you during your lifetime, but you leave it behind after your death, and this is a sign of your selfishness and taking, which shows that you are "selfish and narrow-minded, mean and cruel" devils. (5) In short, if a Muslim does not give away his property before he dies, but leaves it after his death, this is a sign that he has not accepted the teachings of God, and is indeed an unrighteous person who will be punished by the Fire.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (255) is indeed the "Old Mother" of the Most High, and indeed the Great and Infinite Vacuum.
255: "And Allah, besides whom there is no one to be worshipped, is everlasting, and upholds all things; and sleep cannot violate him, and sleep cannot overcome him; and all things in the heavens and the earth are his; and who can intercede with him except by his permission? He knoweth what is before them, and what is behind them; and they must not pry into his mysteries except what he hath revealed; and his perception encompasses the heavens and the earth. The sustaining of the heavens and the earth cannot weary him. Indeed, He is the Most High, the Most Great." (1) Allah is the "Nothing" that gives birth to and encompasses the universe, the infinite vacuum that is the source of all life, and therefore there is nothing other than Him to be worshipped. (2) Allah is immortal, the "Old Mother" who upholds the existence of all things. Without Allah, the immortal Mother, there would be no way to preserve the existence of all things.
(3) Drowsiness, sleepiness, napping, a short period of sleep. A short nap should not last more than two hours, otherwise it is the "demon of drowsiness" that invades Allah and makes one drowsy and unrefreshed. (4) Sleep at night is for rest, and one should not overcome sleep at night without resting. If you overcome sleep at night and do not rest, then the "demon of excitement" will invade Allah and you will lose your energy during the day.
(5) All things in the heavens and the earth are born from nothing and are the children of Allah, the "Old Mother". (6) Who can intercede with Allah without His permission? (7) Allah knows what is before them and what is after them, for they are all by His command, and they are all the children of His birth. (8) They must not glimpse the mysteries of Allah except what He has revealed to them.
(9) His perception encompasses the heavens and the earth. The heavens and the earth cannot be maintained without Allah, but He cannot be made weary. (10) Indeed, Allah is the "Old Mother", the Greatest of all, the Infinite Vacuum.

(256) No one who does not study the Qur'an is a child of God, "the All-Seeing, the All-Knowing".
256. "There is no compulsion in religion, for the good and the evil are indeed distinguished. And whoever believes in Allah instead of the devil has a firm and unbreakable grip on it. And Allah is All-Aware, All-Knowing." (1) There is no coercion with regard to the various religions, and Allah will never force anyone to believe, and it is no accident that anyone will believe in any religion, for indeed Allah has made clear the difference between good and evil in the Book. (2) Those who are wise will believe in the "infallible truth of God" and will become Christ. Those who are not wise will be led into slavery and hell by the devil "Ibrahim" in the guise of God. (3) A Christ like Jesus is one who does not believe in the devil but in God, who has a firm and unbreakable grip. If a believer in religion does not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", he is a believer in the devil rather than in God, and does not have a firm and unbreakable grip.
(4) "Allah is All-Seeing, All-Knowing", and the Messenger of Allah must also be "All-Seeing, All-Knowing". (5) Those Muslims who have not gone out of the world of Islam all their lives, those who have spent their lives merely revolving around the Qur'an, those who have not studied the Christian Bible, the Buddhist Diamond Sutra, the Taoist Tao Te Ching, and the Confucian Middle Way, show that none of you are "all-wise and all-knowing", and that you are all incompatible with This means that you are all the opposite of "all-sighted and all-knowing", that you are all single specialists, that none of your "Muslim scribes" are "messengers of God", and that you are all creating "(6) "Allah is the All-Merciful, the All-Merciful".
(6) "Allah is All-Seerful, All-Knowing", and those who do not allow Muslims to leave the Qur'an and open their eyes to become "All-Seerful, All-Knowing" are not "messengers of Allah". (7) "Allah is the All-Merciful, the All-Knowing" is not the Messenger of Allah, but the "Messenger of the Devil" who makes people ignorant under the guise of Allah. (7) "Allah is All-Seerful, All-Knowing", and those who do not allow Muslims to leave the Imam to become "All-Seerful, All-Knowing" are not "messengers of Allah "They are all "messengers of the devil" who make people ignorant under the guise of Allah.
(8) Those who do not allow Muslims to go to China to study the True Explanation of the Qur'an to broaden their horizons and become "all-seeing and all-knowing" are not "messengers of Allah "They are all "messengers of the devil" who make people ignorant under the guise of Allah. (9) "As Allah is All-Seerful and All-Knowing", so must the children of Allah be "All-Seerful and All-Knowing". The fact that you Muslims are all mono-specialists and are not versed in all the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam means that you are not "all-wise and all-knowing" and that you are not "children of Allah". "It means that you are the children of the devil, Ibrahim. (10) You Muslims are invited to repent and escape from the evil one and become the children of Allah, the "All-Seeing, All-Knowing".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 December 2017 10:42 16:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3 The Yellow Cow (253) The Character of the Messengers Surpassing Each Other
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (253) The Character of the Messengers Surpassing Each Other To Promote the Progress of Human Society
253. "And of these messengers We made their characters surpass each other, and among them were those whom Allah spoke to, and those whom He raised to several ranks. And We rewarded the son of Mary with many clear proofs, and supported him with the Spirit of God. And if Allah had willed, their believers would not have killed one another after the coming of the Scripture, but they were divided in opinion, and among them were those who believed and those who disbelieved. And if Allah had willed, they would not have attacked one another, but Allah does what He wills." : (1) From "nothing" Allah created "one yin and one yang", which are opposites, and there were angels of the masculine gender and devils of the feminine gender. Thus, there are two types of messengers of God: those like Jesus, who promoted the Reformation with revolutionary words and deeds, who rebuked the devil's group, and who led people back to heaven; and those who are "Muslim scribes", who do not know the truth from the falsehood of the scriptures, and who distort the scriptures in the name of God and reduce people to the status of "pious worshippers". The other is the "Muslim scribes" who do not know the truth from the falsehood of the scriptures, the devil's "Ibrahim" who misinterpret the scriptures under the guise of Allah and reduce people to "pious worship". They are the yin and the yang of the Word (God), both of which are immortal and will remain with each other forever. (2) Mankind has developed and progressed through creative inventors and revolutionaries in all walks of life, and as mankind has developed and progressed, the "masculine angels and feminine demons" in the world have also been "upgraded" along with the progress of human civilisation. If you do not find that the masculine angels and the feminine devils transcend each other in character, you are a "feminine devil", which means that you are ignorant and ignorant, that you do not have a keen sense of observation, and that you are not a "Christ with eyes like a flame". You have no keen powers of observation, which means that you are not "Christ with eyes like a flame", which means that you are "blind" taught by a "blind leader".
(3) "Masculine angels and feminine demons" are found in all areas of human society, and creative inventors and revolutionaries in all walks of life are "masculine angels and feminine demons". For example, those who invent computers to improve office efficiency and those who invent to benefit people are the "masculine angels". The "masculine angels", whose characters transcend each other, have given rise to a variety of inventors and revolutionaries who have contributed to the rapid development of human society and the rapid advancement of technology, making many impossible things a reality. For example: mobile phones, wireless video, satellites, navigation, etc. (4) With the advent of computers, all kinds of games and entertainment have been upgraded to "electronic games, electronic versions", and all kinds of "electronic games" allow people to indulge in a virtual atmosphere that they cannot extricate themselves from, through the "self-deception" farce. The "video games" of all kinds allow people to indulge themselves in a virtual atmosphere, temporarily satisfying their hypocritical minds through the farce of "self-deception", giving people who cannot face reality and escape reality a "world of their own", creating "human scum" and breeding crime. "Video games and the people who invented them are the "devils of the underworld". The "devils of the feminine nature" surpass each other in character, and all sorts of corrupting media and forms are constantly "upgraded" and spread throughout all corners of civilised society.
(5) The theme of God's "transcendence of the character of the messengers over one another" has become the theme of mankind as the modern age surpasses the ancient. The fact that neither Jesus nor Muhammad, the messengers of God, had ever seen a car, an aeroplane, a mobile phone, a computer, etc., indicates that the "material civilization" of their time was backward and in its infancy, and that modern man is not only no worse than Jesus and Muhammad, the messengers of God, but also much better than them. This means that Jesus and Muhammad, the messengers of God, were the "navigators of a new trend" of their time, one or two thousand years ago, and that their ideas were the "new trend" of the early days of human society, which is no longer suitable for the "globalised, pluralistic, information age" of modern man. It is no longer suitable for modern man in the "global, pluralistic, information age", because today man can learn everything easily, which was not available in the time of "Jesus and Mohammed", and therefore it is extremely biased and retrograde to make modern man, who is highly civilised and pluralistic, learn a particular religion. Not only does it fail to raise the spiritual level, but it is also a sign of "self-imposed isolation, abandonment of civilisation and a return to ignorance". The new religion of "three religions in one, five religions in one" replaces the "single indoctrination" of one religion, and is a manifestation of the "mutual transcendence of the character of the messengers".
(6) The Christian book of Genesis and Revelation was interpreted verse by verse by the Chinese, which is a manifestation of "the character of the messenger transcending each other". The Qur'an, the ancient treasure of the Arab nations, was expounded verse by verse by the Chinese, a manifestation of the "mutual transcendence of the character of the messengers". "Whoever does not conform to the "mutual transcendence of the character of the Messengers" and does not approve of the "mutual transcendence of the character of the Messengers" (7) "Whoever does not conform to the "mutual transcendence of the character of the messenger" and does not approve of the "mutual transcendence of the character of the messenger", and whoever says or does anything to prevent the "mutual transcendence of the character of the messenger", is a devil against Allah, the "Ibrahim. (7) The Muslim scribes who do not accept that the single religion of Islam should be replaced by a new religion of "three religions in one and five religions in one" are those who do not accept the "mutual transcendence of the character of the Messengers". (7) The Muslim scribes who do not accept that the single religion of Islam should be replaced by a new religion of "unity of the three religions and the five religions" are those who do not accept that the character of the messengers should be transcended by each other.

(8) The messengers of all the sects of the world are those who have been commanded by Allah to transmit the "unfailing truth of Allah", and in their legacy there are not only verses in which Allah has spoken to them, but also verses in which the devils have spoken to them, and if you are a "Christ with eyes like a flame If you are a "Christ with eyes like a flame", you will be able to tell which verses Allah has spoken to them and which verses the devils have spoken to them. If you are not able to distinguish them, you are a devil's lackey who is misguided by "a scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind guide", and you are a devil's "Ibrahim" who fights against Allah and corrupts His infallible religion. (9) There is proof that Allah has raised him several ranks so that he can bring about a "religious revolution" that will lead to the development and progress of human society, and there is proof that the devil has raised him several ranks so that he can bring about a "corruption with the times" that will lead to the development and progress of human society. If you do not find the proofs that Allah and the devil have each raised him to a certain level, then you are a misguided minion of the devil who is a "false scribe of goodness and a blind leader", and you are a devil who fights against Allah and corrupts His infallible teachings! (10) "Ibrahim".

(10) "Mary" is the word for "Mary" in the New Testament. (10) The word "Mary" in the New Testament, and the word "Irrāh" is Jesus, who overthrew Judaism. There is a reason why Jesus received many of God's clear rewards. Read the 23rd chapter of Matthew to find the reason for Jesus' many clear rewards from God. Jesus rebuked the Jewish prophets "Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! Woe to you who lead blindly! Woe to you, you serpents, you seed of vipers! How can you escape the punishment of hell?" And so on. (11) Jesus chose between "the word of the Lord and his life" and gave his life to preserve the glory of the word of the Lord from being defiled and corrupted by the devil's group, and he did what the Spirit could not do, so that God rewarded him with many clear proofs and helped him with the Spirit.
(12) If Jesus had not recognized Judaism as the wisdom of the devil's group, if he had been a "blind leader" who did not know right from wrong, like the "Muslim scribes", if he had been a "servant of God" who only "worshipped God", and a "servant of God" who did not worship at all. If Jesus had been a "servant of God", a devil's lackey who staged farces in a devil's cave, he would not have received the many clear rewards of God. (13) Jesus' rebuke of the devil's group indicates that he was in the realm of the Spirit, and therefore God supported him with the Spirit. If Jesus had been a "poor sinner" who was only a "servant of God" and did not have the slightest degree of spirituality, he would not have been supported by God.
(14) If God had intended to preach "the unchangeable truth of God" in the Western world, their believers would have seen those "proofs of becoming Christ" after the coming of the proofs, and those who are wise would have followed them, but those who are not wise would not have followed them. It is impossible that they will not kill each other. If God had not intended to promote the "infallible truth of God" in the Western world, their followers would have disregarded the "proofs of Christ" when they came, and they would not have followed the words and deeds of those who called Judaism a devilish group. They will be divided into sects, which will reject and kill each other. (15) Whatever "God wills", they are bound to disagree, for among them are the angels of the believers and the devils of the disbelievers, the "Ibrahim".
(16) As Allah does what He wills, so does the devil Ibrahim, so the phrase "if Allah wills, they will not attack each other" is a "reflexive phrase". In reality it means that they will attack each other, whatever Allah wills. It is normal to attack each other, but it is not normal to "not attack each other".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 December 2017 7:25 10:35 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











