The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (179-180) Religious Revolution and the Divided Heritage
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (179) Allah will not let the believers remain under your status quo, and it is normal for religious revolutions to occur.
179. "And Allah will not let the believers remain under your status quo, (but He tests you) until He distinguishes between the bad and the good. And Allah will not let you see the mysteries, but He chooses those whom He wills to be His messengers; so be sure of Allah and the messengers. And if you believe and fear, then you will receive a great reward." : (1) The development and progress of human society shows that at different times Allah would send angels down to earth to become "inventors and revolutionaries" and introduce subversive words and deeds in various fields. In the religious world, God did not leave the believers to remain under the status quo, but at the right time there would be religious revolutionaries who would reform the ills of the status quo, thus triggering a religious revolution. (2) After the death of Muhammad, the "Islamic scribes" gradually broke away from the teachings of Muhammad's time, and more and more "devotional worship" became the teachings of Islam until today, making Muslims "devotional". The 'swirling salutation, the pious observance, the bowing and the bowing' of worship are the mainstream teachings of Islam. For more than a thousand years, no one in the Islamic world has become the Christ (the Son of God), and the believers have become so accustomed to the status quo that no one would agree to change it. However, God will not refrain from introducing a "revolutionary" because the believers have become accustomed to the status quo, and God will not refrain from introducing a "religious revolution" because the believers do not agree to change the status quo. (3) The angel exposed the doctrine of the status quo as the devil's creation of minions in the devil's cave, and at the same time revealed it as the infallible teaching of Christ; the angel used verses from the Bible and the Qur'an to justifiably expose the imam as the incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim", and the angel's words and actions shocked the imams and Muslims of the religious community. This is how Allah tests you, Muslims, to see which of you has the wisdom to distinguish between "bad and good" and how you deal with "falsehood and ugliness and truth and goodness and righteousness and evil".
(4) Allah cannot enable each and every one of you to see the mysteries, because you are not qualified or equipped to see the mysteries because you are of an ordinary state, and in order not to destroy the mysteries that existed, Allah chose the person He wanted to be His Messenger, and He allowed the Messenger to see the mysteries first, and then He allowed the Messenger to compile the results in a book so that every Muslim who can read and write can have the opportunity to see the mysteries in a clear and concise manner, thus allowing (5) The "messengers" were the messengers of the Prophets, and they were the messengers of the Prophets. (5) Among the "messengers" there are two kinds of people: the true messengers, who are no different from Jesus, and the false messengers, the "blind guides", who were rebuked by Jesus. Muslim brothers, which of these messengers are you sure your imam is? Choose. (6) If you believe in the Word and fear God, then choose as your imam the "true Messenger of Jesus", so that you will become the Christ of this world and receive the great reward of the return to heaven. If you are a "swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, a bower" who only "keeps worship", your imam is a "blind leader" and a false messenger whom Jesus rebuked. Your reward in life is to be a slave of the devil's cave, and in death to serve your sentence in the fire. (7th 11:34)

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (180) The way of God is "to make up for what is lacking and to make up for what is lacking; to achieve communion and to make heaven on earth".
180. "And those who begrudge Allah's bounty shall never think that their begrudgement is beneficial to them, but it is harmful to them; and what they begrudge on the Day of Resurrection will be placed around their necks like a collar. The inheritance of the heavens and the earth is only Allah's. And Allah is well aware of your deeds." : (1) If there were no people, no one would know even if there were a world; therefore, it is with people that there is a world, and people are the most honourable owners of this world. Man is the most honourable master of this world, and this is a blessing from Allah. If there is anything worthy of respect in this world, it is man himself, and therefore, man should live freely and with dignity. (2) Under the misguided guidance of the Imam, Muslims have become "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and kowtowing", which is the image of a trembling minion of the devil's cave, living without dignity and greatly miserable. "the bounty of Allah". (3) Never think that their stinginess is "humility and respect", which is good for them, but in fact, it is bad for them, because that "humility and respect" is the attitude of a slave towards his slave master, which is unjust, unfair and excessive in its extremes It is an unjust, unfair and excessive extreme, and it is an act of misconduct that greatly begrudges "the bounties of God", and it is a sign that they have been disqualified from being human beings by the devil, who has obliterated their wisdom and nature.
(4) The wealth and fame that we have in this life are gifts that we did not begrudge in our previous lives, and they are favours from God. Therefore, do not be stingy with the bounties of Allah in this life either. And do not think that it is good for them to be stingy, for in fact, it is bad for them, for God's way of life is "to make up for what is lost and to make up for what is lacking, and to achieve communion and to make heaven on earth". (5) Qur'an, Chapter 2: The Yellow Cow (Baqarah) 254: O you who believe! Before the Day comes when there will be no sale, no friendship, and no intercession, partake of your possessions. Indeed, those who disbelieve are unrighteous. The Qur'an, Chapter 3, 161: "And no prophet will erode the public goods. And whoever encroaches on public goods, on the Day of Resurrection he will take out what he has encroached on. Then everyone shall enjoy the full reward of his deeds, and they shall not be wronged." (6) On the Day of Resurrection, their stinted possessions, which they did not part with, will be placed around their necks like a collar, as a punishment for him, because of his sin of "eroding public goods". (7) The inheritance of the heavens and the earth is Allah's alone, so give it to others before you die, that you may return it to Allah. Whoever does not give away what they have begrudged, he is guilty of "encroaching on public property" and will be sentenced to the Fire. (8) And do not think that Allah does not know that you have left your inheritance only to your family; if you leave your inheritance only to your family, then you have not "given it away", and you are a disbeliever. The person who left his inheritance to his family did not "share it out".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 7 June 2018 10:22 16:05 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









