The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (1-3) Muhammad Speaks on the Qur'an
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Qur'an Chapter 3 The Families of the Yimran (Ari Yimran) (1-3) Muhammad Speaks on the Qur'an

"In the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate!" (1) God sent the sons and daughters of Paradise down to earth to become the people of the nations of the world and to build Paradise on earth so that they might be honoured for the benefit of the Hereafter, and in order that the sons and daughters of Paradise on earth might encounter the Way of Return to Heaven, God sent His Messenger to spread the word of "the unfailing truth of becoming Christ to Heaven" in the world (2) To break up the devil's "path of return" to heaven. (2) To break the demonic path of the devil, Ibn Ibrahim, and to promote "the true path of becoming Christ to Heaven" is to make people the messengers of the present Christ, so that such an imam can be "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate ". (3) The imams who reduce people to the status of "swirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing" are messengers of the devil, "Ibrahim", who mislead believing Muslims into serving their sentence in hell under the guise of Allah, and who say The words "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate" are merely a cover for their mortal sin of "slandering Allah and harming the lives of people".

The unravelling of these three words in chapter 3 (1) of the True Exposition of the Qur'an is the beginning of Muhammad's discourse on the Qur'an.
(1) "Aleph, two mimams, mimams." (1) The word "aleph" is the "first" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet, and is used here as a metaphor for the beginning of a number, for example, 1, A, from less to more, from lower to higher, etc. The word "aleph" means: the first person to truly interpret the second chapter of the Qur'an. (2) The word "two" is the "twenty-third" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet, and the first chapter of the Qur'an was officially started at 15:45 on 23 September 2017. The word "mim" is the "twenty-fourth" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet. After the first chapter was edited at 17:55, the second chapter of the Qur'an was formally explained at 18:15. (3) The word "two" is "twenty-three" and the word "mim" is "twenty-four", adding up to forty-seven. Together they are forty-seven. The word "Erev" is "one". "The first person to truly interpret the second chapter of the Qur'an was between the ages of forty-seven and forty-eight. This person, if he was born in 1971, would have been 47 years old in 2017. 48 years old in 2018 when he completed the exposition of the Qur'an and compiled it into the True Exposition of the Qur'an.
(4) Alev: This means "one word divided into three, and three words in one", which means "Allah, the saints and the people" are united into one and divided into three, indicating that Allah created the three worlds of "heaven, earth and man" with synchronized information. "This means that God created the three worlds of heaven, earth and man in sync. The angels are the souls of the new individuals. This new individual's human body has the process of "growing from childhood to adulthood, birth, old age, sickness and death", and is a human body with changes, or "incarnation". In this way, a person has three bodies, two invisible ones, the soul and the life soul, and one tangible "incarnation".
(5) "Aleph" is an angel from the side of God in heaven, called the soul and Gog in Christianity; Buddha Nature, Self Nature, Yuan Shen, Dharma Body in Buddhism; Dragon, White Snow, Mercury, etc. in Taoism; and Heavenly Destiny, Heavenly Nature, and Nature in Confucianism. (6) The "two eyes" are the soul of life in this life, the new body of angels in this life, which is called the soul of life, Magus in Christianity; the God of knowledge, perception, and the reward body in Buddhism; and the Hua, yellow bud, soul, etc. in Taoism. (7) The "mimic" is the human body in this life, because it has the process of "growing from small to large, birth, old age, sickness and death", and is a human body with changes, called "incarnation".
(8) Religion is the teaching that restores the soul (aleph) to its original form through the "unique method" of the living soul (the two eyes). It is a unique way of improving the cultivation of the soul (the two eyes), so that the soul (the two eyes) in this life will reach the state of the soul (the aleph) and will be able to see God, so that it will have the divine power of Jesus, so that it will become the Christ (the Son of God), so that it will complete its mission as if it were dying, so that it will return to God and never be reincarnated.
(9) These three words, "Erev, Rum, and Mim", are prophecies and prophecies left by Muhammad in the Qur'an, and they were truly interpreted when Muhammad began to speak the Qur'an in its original meaning, and when the "new moon" of the Islamic world was flooded by the "sun of the East". This is the time when the "new moon" of the Islamic world will be flooded by the "sun of the East", when the Islamic world will witness a religious revolution and when the Arab nation will be freed from the shackles of the millennium and achieve a great renaissance.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (2) "God" is the infinite vacuum that upholds the existence of all things and is present in all religions of the world.
2. "There is none to be worshipped but Allah, and He is the Everlasting, the Preserver of all things." : (1) "Allah" is immortal, and is the infinite vacuum that upholds the existence of all things. Without this vacuum, there would be no yin and yang, no world, and therefore there is no one to be worshipped but Him, who is the beginning of all things, the original "Father" and the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe. (2) Because God is the "Old Mother" who upholds the existence of all things, He is present in every corner of the world. All the religions of the world are also the paths of Allah to the heavens. Although the names of the religions of the world are different, the image of Allah is the same. The core teachings of the religions differ in word and expression, but the meaning and context of the words are the same, and the purpose of the classics is the same.
(3) If the Islamic world believes that God exists only in the Arab countries and not in foreign countries, they have misinterpreted the meaning of God. Since Allah is the "Everlasting, the Sustainer of all things", He is also the Source of life for foreigners and the "Allah" of foreigners. If a Muslim does not understand this, he must have been misled by the devil, Ibrahim, and this means that the imam is a "scribe who pretends to be a good man and a blind leader". (4) Just as Allah is called "the one true God, God, Jehovah, Lord and Almighty" in the Bible, so too is Allah known by other names in Chinese Taoism, Buddhism and Confucianism. If Muslims do not know the other names of God in foreign religions, they are not "the Almighty" or "the Son of God" and need to open their eyes and increase their knowledge, otherwise they will be ignorant and will not be able to return to God in Paradise.

(2) The Qur'an contains the Old and New Testaments and is a development of the Bible.
3. "He has sent down to you this classic containing the truth to confirm all the previous Divine Scriptures; He has sent down to you the Book of Solat and the Book of Invocation." (1) "The Scripture of Heaven" is the Scripture that reveals "the truth that God has made man to become Christ and return to Heaven". Any scripture that does not allow a person to become a Christian is not a "heavenly scripture". (2) Because the devil, Ibrahim, is against God and is as immortal as God, the devil, Ibrahim, will enter Islam and become an imam to misinterpret the Book from within under the guise of God. (3) The people of the world have been led to believe in God and have become the devil's minions, who then become the devil's "Ibrahim" who promote magic in the name of God.
(3) All the peoples of the world are the children of Allah and are the objects of His salvation. The Messenger of Allah was distributed in all the countries of the world along with all the Scriptures, and so there are Scriptures in all the religions of the world. Although the texts of these scriptures are different, their core teachings are the same, and they all teach the return of Christ to heaven, because they are all sent down by Allah. The Qur'an, which contains the truth, was revealed to you in the Islamic world to confirm that all the previous scriptures of the world were also revealed by God. All the peoples of the world are the children of God and the brothers of the Arab nation. (4) Allah has sent down the Surah and the Book of the Prophets. The Torah is the first half of the Bible, the Old Testament as practised in Judaism. The Qur'an is the part of the New Testament that records the words and actions of Jesus and his disciples, and is the Christian teaching that Jesus overthrew Judaism.
(5) The "Rabbath" is the first half of the Bible, the Old Testament as practised in Judaism, where God uses a "reverse thinking" approach to reveal the true nature of the devil, "Ibrahim", and the characters in it, from The characters in it, from "Abraham" (Ibrahim) to the "Jewish prophets" who followed, are all demon-possessed men who promote magic under the guise of God. If one had not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", one would not have understood that God had used "reverse thinking" and would have followed the "straightforward" method of understanding the scriptures. They would have understood the scriptures in a straightforward way, and they would have become the devil's "Ibrahim". (6) The Catechism is the part of the New Testament that records the words and actions of Jesus and his disciples, and is the Christian teaching that Jesus overthrew Judaism. Some of the things in it were added by the Christian group, for after Catholicism became the Roman state religion, Christianity became the world's number one demonic group. Although there are things that were added by the Christian group, they do not affect the core doctrine because the Book of Revelation has not been tampered with. Seeing the Book of Revelation is the only way to truly understand the Bible.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 17 Dec 2017 16:30 18:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









