The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (133-136) God loves the righteous
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Revolutionaries of the Islamic World "Strive for the forgiveness that comes from your Lord" (133)
133. "Strive to be the first to come to the forgiveness from your Lord and to the Paradise which is as wide as the heavens and the earth, and which has been prepared for the fearful." (1) The millennium-old falsehoods of the Islamic world have been abandoned and the "sunlight of the East" has been embraced, and the True Qur'an has been adopted as the unique standard doctrine of Islam, with the core doctrine and ultimate goal of "becoming Christ to the heavens", which is This is the "forgiveness from your Lord". (2) If Muslims do not abandon the millennium-old blackmail in the Islamic world, do not accept the "sunlight of the East", and do not escape from the devil's cave, they have not "gone to the forgiveness from your Lord", which means that you do not have a heart as wide as the heavens and the earth, and are a selfish and narrow-minded "national extremist". "If you are a selfish and narrow-minded "national extremist", then you are not a fearful person, and you cannot enter the Paradise prepared for the fearful.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (134) God loves those who do good from the beginning and the end
134. "The fearful are those who give in good times and in hard times, and are able to repress anger and forgive. Allah loves those who do good." : (1) It is "almsgiving" when one gives to others without the intention of getting anything, and with a mind that does not ask for anything. If one deliberately lets others know that he is giving to them in order to be praised by them, this is not "almsgiving", but "trading", "paying for honour", and a "hypocritical person" playing "almsgiving". The hypocritical person is staging a farce of "self-deception". (2) It is easy to give to others when you are well off, because you are rich. To give to others in times of hardship is more difficult, and is to give of oneself for others. (3) If one is able to "suppress anger and forgive", he will be able to bring harmony to society. (4) He who fears Allah is the one who gives to the poor, both in times of happiness and in times of hardship, and is not angry, but is gentle, and Allah loves him who does good.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (135) The timely reformation of sins and the absence of knowingly committing them again will enable Allah to forgive sins.
135. "And the fearful, when they have done evil or deceived themselves, remember Allah and ask forgiveness for their sins - and who can forgive sins but Allah? --they do not knowingly rely on evil." : (1) Those who truly fear Allah, who in a moment of confusion do a scandalous deed or deceive themselves, and when they wake up, know that they have done wrong and ask forgiveness for their sins with a vow that they will never do it again. (2) The person who realises that he has committed a wrong and has a vow never to repeat it, and then actually does not repeat the old wrong, can have his sin forgiven by Allah. (3) If, after committing a wrong, one does not continue to do it knowingly and persist in it and refuses to repent, then Allah will forgive the sin.

(136) The Paradise of the rivers is the Paradise of the righteous who see and do righteousness
136. "And the reward of such people is forgiveness from their Lord, and a paradise down to the rivers, in which they will abide forever. Beautiful is the reward of those who do righteousness!" (1) The reward of those who do right and wrong, who are consistent in their good deeds, and who are gentle and ordinary, is a paradise beneath the rivers, and they abide therein forever, and this is a pardon from their Lord. (2) The reward of the righteous who follow the teachings of Allah is truly beautiful!

Posted by Li Huaiju on 14 Jan 2018 11:23 16:26 End of edit in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









