The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 Volume 2 The Yellow Ox (243-245) Christ Fights for the Lord's Way
Tarzan Taoist Understanding of Religion
The Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2: The Yellow Ox (Baqarah) (243-245) Christ Fights for the Lord

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (243) Whoever talks about "thanking Allah" is a devil
243. "Have you not known those who have fled from their homes by the thousands for fear of death? Allah said to them: Die. And afterwards He raised them up. Indeed, Allah is gracious to the world, but most of the world does not give thanks." (1) "Thousands and thousands of people fled from their homes for fear of death" because there was a riot in their country, and the peace was broken by a murderous war, and their "debt collectors" came to their door. Why is there a war? Because the world kills animals for their meat, and the spirits of the animals are filled with grievances, which Allah permits to be avenged, so that people possessed by animal demons rebel and kill. Man kept killing and eating meat, and when the accumulated grievances between man and animals reached a certain stage, a turmoil of war and killing would break out. This is why God has decreed in the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an that "vegetarianism is forbidden and killing is forbidden". (2) The imams who do not know the verse of Genesis and the Qur'an that says "Eat vegetarianism and do not kill" and who misinterpret the verse and make Muslims eat meat are the devils, the "Ibrahim". They are the ones who created the "thousands of people who fled from their homes for fear of death", and they are the ones who created the wars and killings.
(3) "And Allah said to them: Die" is a metaphor, not a reality, for Allah has appointed angels to do the work of "letting the damned die". (4) When a person who has not become a "son of God" dies and goes to hell, the judge hears the sentence, and the prison officer sends him to the appropriate prison for his sins during his life. When all the punishment is completed, the person goes to the "commoner's quarter" of hell to await reincarnation. When the time comes for him to be reincarnated, he "raises them up again" and becomes a "new individual" in the world. (5) If your parents are your benefactors, you have come to repay your kindness, and you are a filial son and grandson who honours them. If your parents are your enemies and you are in debt to them, you are a loser who has come to ruin their property. In short, "good is rewarded with good and evil is rewarded with evil" is the law of the universe and the basic law of the world.
(6) God is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to all things in the universe, and without this "Old Mother", who gave us life, there would be no world. This "Old Mother" not only gave us life, but also all that we need to build a paradise on earth, so that we can enjoy the material conditions of paradise. But most of the world does not thank, and does not know how to thank. (7) All men are "children of God" from heaven, and in order to bring them back to heaven, God has preached in the world that "the world should become the true way of Christ to heaven". Therefore, God has indeed shown the world the grace of "becoming Christ to Heaven", but most of the world does not have a "unique awareness of the true law" and does not know what the "unalloyed truth of God" is. "This is why "most of the world does not give thanks".
(8) Allah is indeed gracious to the world, but because the world does not know what "Allah's unalloyed truth" is, it misinterprets Allah's "graciousness" and even though it says "thank you, Allah", its heart is reluctant. Even if one says "Thank you, Allah", one is still reluctant. Those who did not misinterpret God's favour were Jesus and Muhammad, but they never said "thank you" to God. In Christianity and Islam after Jesus and Muhammad, none of the disciples ever reached the state of Christ (the Son of God), so Christianity and Islam did not know what the "infallible truth of God" was. After the death of the Patriarch, the Christian and Islamic disciples, in order to show that they were "people of grace", used to say "thank you to God". Thus, the phrase "thanks be to God" became a sign of the devil, "Ibrahim". (9) The Muslims under the "new moon" escaped from the devil's cave and became revolutionaries in the Islamic world, receiving the "sunlight of the East", developing a "unique awareness of the correctness of the law" and practising "He became a revolutionary in the Islamic world, received the "sun of the East", developed a sense of the uniqueness of the righteousness of the law, practised the true way of Christ's return to heaven, and became a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and embarked on the path of return to heaven that God had given him; not with (10) He did not become a Muslim during his lifetime, but he became a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a staff of iron" and took the path of return to God; he did not thank God with the words "Thank you, Allah", but by revealing the true nature of the devil, he saved more Muslims from the devil and fulfilled his mission and returned to God.
(10) He did not become a Christ during his lifetime, nor did he have the wisdom to distinguish between "Christ and the devil", nor did he have the courage to reveal the true nature of the devil, nor was he a righteous person who gave up his life for righteousness. The words "thanks be to God" are just words that do not mean what they say, a farce of "self-deception" staged by a hypocritical person, a "wolf in sheep's clothing" pretending to be the devil. It is a sign of the devil, the "Ibrahim".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (244) Becoming a Christ like Jesus is the only way to fight for the Lord.
244. "Fight for the Lord, and know that Allah is All-Seer and All-Knowing." (1) "Allah is All-Seerful and All-Knowing", but the fact that you Muslims have not interpreted the wisdom of the Qur'an shows that you are not "All-Seerful and All-Knowing", that you have been misled by the devil, "Ibrahim This means that you have been misled by the devil's "Ibrahim" and that you have not been taught the true religion of God. (2) If you Muslims had accepted the true religion of God, you would have been "all-sighted and all-knowing", but in fact, you are confused about the verses of the Qur'an, you do not know that Christianity overthrew the Jewish devilish group, and you have compared Jesus to the Jewish prophet "Abraham" whom Jesus scolded. This shows that the Islamic world has gone astray and that none of you have been taught the true religion of God, and that you are not only "all-seeing, all-knowing" but also "all-seeing". This means that not only are you not "all-intelligent and all-knowing", but you are "closed-minded and ignorant".
(3) If you had received the true religion of God and were "all-intelligent and all-knowing", you would have been able to interpret not only the Qur'an but also the Book of Genesis and the Book of Revelation, do you understand? Muslim brothers. (4) You do not have the ability to interpret the Qur'an, but only the imams can speak "with their mouths and misinterpret the verses", which is a sign that you are not "all-intelligent and all-knowing" and that you have not been taught by the true God. Think about this, Muslim brothers, is this not the case?
(5) "Allah is All-Seerful, All-Knowing", and when you become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", you become "All-Seerful, All-Knowing". You have become "all-sighted and all-knowing" as the "sons of God". If a Muslim does not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", he has not accepted the infallible teachings of God, and is a slave to the misguided guidance of the devil, Ibrahim. (6) If a Muslim does not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", he will not have the wisdom to distinguish between the way of the Lord and the way of the devil, and will take the devil's way for the Lord without knowing it.
(7) Muslims, come out of the night world of the "crescent moon" and receive the sunlight from the "east", and become "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", so that you may be able to distinguish between Only then will you have the wisdom to distinguish between "the way of the Lord and the way of the devil" and to "fight for the way of the Lord". Otherwise, you will be a "colour-blind person" who is drowning in the night world of the "new moon", who cannot see clearly the true nature of "angels and demons", who will believe in the devil as an angel, and who will believe in the devil as the way of the Lord. If you do not see the "angels and devils" clearly, you will believe in the devil as if he were an angel, you will treat the devil's way as if it were the Lord's way, and you will treat the devil's cave as if it were heaven. (8) An imam who makes Muslims "worship and pray with devotion", who does not make them "sons of God", but only makes them minions of the devil's cave (servants of God who worship with devotion), is a devil who uses the devil's way to obliterate the Lord's way "Such an imam is a devil who uses his devilish ways to obliterate the word of God. The Muslims expose such an imam as the true face of the devil "Ibrahim", the "Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron" who is smiting the devil, the true "fighter for the Lord". (9) It is only by becoming like Jesus that one can be a true "fighter for the Lord". (9) It is only by becoming a Christ like Jesus that one can fight for the Lord. The words and actions of Jesus in calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" are the words of "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" fighting "for the Lord's cause". The words and deeds of the "blind leader" are the words and deeds of the "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" who is "fighting for the Lord. Do you understand? Brother Muslim.

The true Qur'an, chapter 2 (245), reveals the true nature of the devil's words and deeds as "lending to God a debt of goodness".
245. "Who lends to Allah a debt of goodness? He will repay him many times over. Allah is able to make people poor and to make them rich, and you are called to Him alone." (1) The words and actions of Jesus in exposing Judaism as a devilish group are the words and actions of "fighting for the Lord", that is, "lending to God a debt of goodness". Without the words and deeds of "fighting for the Lord", there is no "lending to God a debt of goodness". (2) An imam who makes Muslims "worship and pray" without making them "sons of God" and only makes them minions of the devil (servants of Allah in worship) is "lending a debt of goodness to the devil". This is a "debt of goodness to the devil".
(3) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." The reason "whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold" is that "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and killed his brother "Abel" who "sacrificed the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep". The killing of "Abel", his brother, shows that Yahweh rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill the one who takes the "flesh of the animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh are under the protection of Yahweh (God). (4) The killing of Abel, the brother of Cain, who sacrificed an animal to Allah, in Genesis 4, is a "debt of goodness to Allah". The verse where Allah repays Cain many times over: The Lord said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded seven times over. Then the Lord made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him. So Cain left the face of the LORD and went to live in the land of Nod, east of Eden. And Cain lay with his wife, and she conceived and gave birth to Enoch. And Cain built a city, and called it Enoch, after the name of his son.
(5) God is able to make poor those who are "narrow-minded and have a hard time filling their lusts" and to make rich those who are "rich in contentment and poor in ignorance". (6) It is not God who "makes people poor and makes them rich", it is their outlook on life and values. If you are narrow-minded and have a narrow desire, you will be poor. If you have the idea that "those who are content are rich and those who have no education are poor", you are generous.
(7) Our lives are given to us in order to carry out a command from God. If we did not have a mission in life, we would not have a life in this life, so "you are called to Him alone". It is only through the study of Allah's infallible teachings that you can truly fulfil your mission and be called by Allah to Paradise. Otherwise, if you do not learn Allah's infallibility and cannot truly fulfill your mission, you will not be called to Allah, but only to the devil.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 9 December 2017 10:47 17:35 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









