The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (221) The word and deed of "matching one's Lord with something" is evil
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (221), "Devotional Worship, Prayer and Sacrifice", is the ignorance of the ignorant who are "matching their goods with their Lord".
221: "And do not marry women who are worthy of their Lord until they believe. Indeed, a slave who has believed is better than a woman who is worthy of the Lord, even if she makes you adore her. And do not give your daughters in marriage to men who have been converted until they believe. Indeed, a slave who has believed is better than a man who is a man of goods, even if he makes you adore him. Such men call you to the Fire, but Allah freely calls you to Paradise, and forgiveness. He clarifies His signs for the world so that they may be enlightened." : (1) "Devotional worship, prayer and sacrifice" is the ignorance of the ignorant who are "matching their goods with their Lord". Those who do not know what "Christ and the devil, evil and righteousness" are, and who do not know that "devotions, prayers and sacrifices" are a farce staged by the devil's minions, are "minions for the Lord". Such a person is a lackey of the Lord. (2) The person who imposes his own ugly ideas on the righteous and unselfish divine, and who thinks that he can achieve his prayer desires by offering bribes (piety, prayer and sacrifice) to God, and who plays a farce of self-deception without knowing it. "This is a farce often performed by the Jewish prophets of the Bible, the devils, who spread "ecstasy" and mislead They are the words and actions of the devil's disciples in their slavery. The "bartering" of the devil's group in Judaism is also present in Islam, showing that the imam has misinterpreted the Old Testament and become a "Judaizer".
(3) He has a reputation and status in society, above the "slave" class, and has not stepped out of the vision of a religion, has no great wisdom to understand the "examination questions", is selfish and narrow-minded, radical and extreme, and is full of ideas of "devotional worship, prayer and sacrifice" to get the "test". They are selfish, narrow-minded, radical and extreme, full of the delusion that God's blessings can be obtained through "devotional worship, prayer and sacrifice", vain and unrealistic, such women are "women who are worthy of their Lord", and are minions of the devil who take the evil ways of the devil for the right ways of God without knowing them. Men of wisdom, do not marry women who are in need of things, or you will be overwhelmed by their stubbornness and conservatism and will die a short death. (4) Let "women who are worthy of the Lord" receive a "multidisciplinary" education to broaden their horizons and correct their errors, until they have distinguished between the righteous and the devilish ways, have abandoned the devilish ways, and have believed in the righteous way before they can marry them.
(5) Those who believe that "devotional worship and sacrifice" are misguided are the wise ones who have distinguished between the righteous and the devilish ways, have abandoned the devilish ways and have believed in the righteous way, and are the elite of the people. A slave girl who rejects the devil's way, believes in the truth of God's unfailing truth, and has the ability to "distinguish between right and wrong" is indeed better than a woman who is worthy of her Lord (who worships, prays and sacrifices). They are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim", who, after marriage, will make the man obey their words and actions and will not be able to concentrate on helping him to fulfil his wishes, thus making him depressed, sick and dying a short life. (6) A man who "worships, prays and sacrifices" is a "man who is worthy of the Lord", a devil's slave who has no wisdom to distinguish between "Christ and the devil". Do not marry your daughters to men who have no wisdom to distinguish between "Judaism and Christianity" and who list Jesus, who overthrew Judaism, and the "Prophet of Judaism" as the "saints of the Islamic faith". This means that they are both "Judaizers" in the guise of God, and that they have been misled by the devil, "Ibrahim", into being minions of the devil's cave. Unless the "men of the East" accept the "sunlight of the East" and then realise that they have been deceived and escape from the devil's cave, they will not perform the farce of the "man of the East" until they (7) The "slave girl" is a woman who has been deceived and has escaped from the evil one until they believe in the truth of God.
(7) The "slave girl" is a woman from the lowest strata of society. The "slaves" are the men at the bottom of the social ladder. Those who believe that "worship, prayer and sacrifice" will not solve the fundamental problems, but that the ultimate salvation of God can only be attained through the hard work of one's hands and the kindness of one's heart. "(7) A person who is wise, who has accepted the sun of the East, who has believed in the truth of God, and who is a wise and noble person. (8) Those who have honour and status in society, who are above the class of "slaves", who believe in the blessings of God through "devotional worship, prayer and sacrifice", and who pretend to put on a farce of "self-deception "(8) A man who thinks he is a "servant of God" even though he is a slave in a devil's cave is a "man who is worthy of his master".
(9) Knowing that Judaism is a devilish group overthrown by Christianity, not including the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) with Jesus as "the saints of the Islamic faith", knowing that Jesus is the Christ in heaven, and knowing that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is "the saints of the Islamic faith". The family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) and all the Jews were criminals in hell, and with such a state of mind, although he had no honour or position in society, he had become a "slave of the faith in the truth of God", a wise and noble man, and indeed better than a man who is worthy of his Lord. (10) Even if he makes you women adore him simply because they have honour and status, they are devils without a soul, devils whose souls have become demonic, devils who eat flesh and kill life. They are all flesh-eating demons who kill people. If you marry them, you will enjoy material things, but your spirit will be ruled by the devil, and you will suffer as if you were in the fire, because the "man who is worthy of his master" is a slave in a devil's cave.
(11) In short, the "women and men who are worthy of their Lord" are the minions of the devil, the "Ibrahim", and the devils who lead you into the Fire, so those who are wise must approach them, recognise them and keep away from them.
(12) "But Allah calls you to Paradise at will and forgives you" is a "counter-word" from Allah, a test of the wisdom of the Muslims. And if those who do not know the true nature of the devil and only "worship and pray" enter the Paradise, then that Paradise is The paradise of those who do not know the true nature of the devil and who only "worship and pray" is a paradise of psychopaths created by "blind guides". The paradise of those who do not know that "women and men who are worthy of their Lord" are the minions of the devil, "Ibrahim", is a paradise of the insane made by the "blind guides". (13) The only people who can enter the Paradise of God are the "sons of God who have eyes like a flame and have received a rod of iron". If you become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have received a rod of iron", then Allah will be able to call you into Paradise at will. If you do not become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have received the iron rod", you will not hear the voice of Allah calling you to Paradise; and even if Allah calls you to Paradise, you will not find the gate of Paradise.
(14) Muslims are accustomed to the words and deeds of "worship, prayer and sacrifice", and they are so busy in the fire of the world that they do not hear the voice of "Allah has called you to Paradise". "They are too busy in the fires of the world to hear the voice of Allah calling you to Paradise, because the Islamic world is "night-blind and colour-blind" in the dark world marked by the crescent moon, and so Muslims do not feel the need to "worship, pray and sacrifice" in the world of men. The Muslims do not feel that the world of "devotional worship, prayer and sacrifice" is a hell of fire, because they do not feel the pain of punishment. (15) It is the magic that cuts off the Muslims from the path to heaven when they "worship, pray and sacrifice", so that the world of "worship, pray and sacrifice "The world (the mosque) is a hell of fire. Understand? Muslim brothers.
(16) The Muslims receive the sunlight from the East, and when they see clearly in the sunlight that the world of "devotions, prayers and sacrifices" is a hell of fire, they repent and flee from the cave and become disciples guided by the teachings of China and become If you become a disciple of the Chinese religion and become "a son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", then "God will call you at will to Paradise and forgiveness" will become a reality. Otherwise, Muslims will remain under the teaching of your "new moon" and "God will call you to Paradise at will and forgive you" will only be a dream that you can only hope for. (17) The "Son of God", who was ordained by God, expounded the Qur'an verse by verse, giving the world the signs of "God's infallibility", so that they, the Muslims, could "look in the mirror" and realise their rightful place. He explained the Qur'an verse by verse so that Muslims could "look in the mirror" and realise their rightful place and adjust their direction in time. If Muslims die without knowing that the world of "devotional worship, prayer and sacrifice" is a hell of fire, there is only hell to serve.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 December 2017 10:30 15:30 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











