The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (12-14) The righteous and the devilish are two warring armies
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(12) Muslims who cannot eat vegetarianism or meat are "disbelievers" under the guise of Allah.
12. "Say to the disbelievers: You will be overcome, and you will be gathered to the Fire. That lying down is bad!" (1) The truth that makes a person a Christ back to heaven is in the last book of the New Testament (the Qur'an), the Book of Revelation, and you did not see it because you were not careful, because God mentions Ursa (Jesus) and the Qur'an many times, which is a hint to you of the core of the hidden doctrine. (2) Muslims who do not want to become a Christian like Jesus, who have not read the Book of Revelation, and who do not know the true way of becoming a Christian, are devils in the guise of Allah, and are guilty of "slandering Allah". They are all "disbelievers" and "believers in the devil's way as if they believed in Allah". (3) The "disbelievers" who only want to be "servants of God in worship" and do not want to become Christ's return to heaven like Jesus, you are all "blind guides" who have misled you. You will be restrained and subjugated by the magistrates of the Fire, after which you will be gathered in the Fire. That mattress was bad!
(4) Chapter 2 of the Qur'an: "22. He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and from the clouds He sends down rain, and by it He produces much fruit for your sustenance. 168. You may eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, and do not follow the devil, for he is indeed your clear enemy." Open your eyes, Muslims, and see clearly that the phrase "bring forth much fruit through the rain for your sustenance" means that all plants are "lawful and good food" for humans to eat. Muslims, if you are not animals, should know that "the rain brings forth much fruit for your sustenance", and that this is a clear command from God that Muslims should "eat vegetarianism and not eat meat". If you do not think that this is Allah's explicit injunction for Muslims to be vegetarian and not to eat meat, then you are all devils and "Ibrahim". (5) Those Muslims who do not eat vegetarianism and those who eat meat selectively are minions who have been misled by the "blind guides" who have misinterpreted the scriptures and are "disbelievers" under the guise of Allah, and you will be restrained and subdued by the warders of the Fire, after which you will be You will be gathered in the Fire. What a pest!

(13) "The righteous and the devilish" are like two opposing armies at war.
13. "Indeed, you have been given a sign that among the two armies at war; one is fighting for the Lord, and the other is a disbeliever, seeing that this army has twice its own strength. Allah upholds those whom He wills with His own blessing. There is indeed a warning in this for those who are discerning." (1) In Matthew 23 Jesus rebukes the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and the overthrow of Judaism by Jesus causes panic in Judaism, which then crucifies Jesus. Through this story we have indeed received an indication that "the good and the evil" (Christianity and Judaism) are like two armies at war, opposing enemies, killing each other, rising and falling, for all time and for all eternity. If the devil does not attack the good, it is not evil. If the good does not break the evil, it is not good. (2) A Christ like Jesus is "one who fights for the Lord's way". Those who cannot eat vegetarianism and those who choose to eat meat are "disbelievers", "unbelievers" under the guise of God, and "Ibrahim", the devil who corrupts the truth of God from within. (3) "And when they see this, they will see that they are not in the way of Allah.
(3) "Seeing that this army has twice its own number" is a metaphor, and the same metaphor is used in China. The Chinese use "one" as a metaphor for the yang, the righteous way, and "⚋" as a metaphor for the yin, the devilish way, which is the cosmic law of "yang, one, yin, two". This is the cosmic law of "yang, one, yin, two". "Yang, one, yin, two" means that the demonic path of the feminine is always "twice as much" as the righteous path of the masculine. (4) If you look at the New Testament, you will see that the disciples of Jesus were basically untouchable during his lifetime, and that Jesus faced not only "twice as much as himself" but 20,000 times or 100,000 times as much as the enemy, Judaism.
(5) The confidence with which Jesus dared to overthrow Judaism was his divine power as the Christ; Jesus was convinced that he had become the "Son of God", that he could communicate with God at all times, and that he had cured many people who had repented of their sins; Jesus, who could reason and heal, had disciples who believed in him; God thus "helped him with He thus "helps those whom He wills with His own blessings". (6) The Bible was written three centuries after Christianity became the state religion of Rome, and the miraculous powers of Jesus in the New Testament were mostly imposed on him by the church group that compiled the Bible, for Christ did not "heal the sick and save the sick unconditionally and rashly" at all, for many people were suffering retribution and were unrepentant, and Jesus could not have saved them. The miraculous powers imposed on Jesus by the church group, in the same way as in the Old Testament, indicate that the Judaizers were compiling the New Testament and that these "miraculous powers of Jesus" were the "test questions" of the Christian believers.
(7) A "discerning man" is a wise man who can think independently, who does not follow the crowd, who is different, who has good judgement, and who is far-sighted. "Only a few of the "discerning" know that there is a warning in this: "One army fights for the Lord and one army does not believe in the Word. Those who worship and pray with devotion, "those who circle and pay homage, those who abide with devotion, those who bow down", do not know that there is a warning in this, for they have drunk the devil's "ecstasy" and are the minions of the devil, "Ibrahim". "They are the minions of the devil's cave.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (14), is also called "the practice of falsehood".
14. "What confuses the world are things that are desirable, such as wives, children, gold, silver, treasures, horses, livestock, crops, and so on. These are the pleasures of this worldly life; but with Allah there is a beautiful return." (1) All things in this world have four stages: "becoming, living, destruction and emptiness" (birth, old age, sickness and death), which are false appearances of birth and destruction, and therefore "confuse the world". (2) The pleasures of this worldly life are temporary and transient and "confusing" to the world.
(3) In God there are no four stages of "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness" (birth, old age, sickness and death). (4) If one uses all the falsehoods of this life as sustenance, and learns that "Allah has made man a Christ and a return to heaven," and if he becomes a Christ and does not fall away, and if his merits are complete, then he will be able to return to Allah and enjoy a permanent and beautiful home. (5) The practice of initiation is also called "cultivating the truth through falsehood". "This is at the heart of God's infallible teaching. "The only way to achieve this is to become a Christian and to return to the heavenly path of truth.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 Dec 2017 8:12 10:18 Edited on Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









