The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Family of Yimran (147-149) The Prayer as the "dividing line" between the Devil and Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Chapter 3 of the True Qur'an (147): "Those who recite the prayer are devils and minions of the devil's cave, and it is a "test" for Allah to distinguish between the devil and Christ.
147. "They have no other words but: O our Lord! Forgive us our sins, and our faults, and strengthen our steps, and aid us against the disbelieving people." : (1) Remember, everyone, that such words are the "test questions" of God, the "dividing line" between the devil and Christ. If you recite it as a "prayer", you become a devilish minion with a nervous breakdown. If you recite it as a prayer for Muslims, you are a devilish "Ibrahim" who "slanders God and harms people's lives". (2) In order for Allah to "forgive us our sins and our faults", we must realise what we have done wrong and correct it. If we do not realise what we have done wrong, and if we do not rectify our mistakes, and if we continue to play the farce of "deceiving ourselves and others" by "taking what is wrong for what is right and false for what is true", it is unlikely that Allah will forgive us our sins and our faults just because you have said so. It is impossible for Allah to listen to you just because you have said, "Forgive us our sins and our faults".
(3) "Steadfast in our steps" depends on our own initiative to improve our state of being and then steadfast in our actions. If you are unable to be firm in your steps and yet you cry out, "Please be firm in our steps", this is a psychopath having an attack of insanity, this is the wailing of the unsteady minions in the cave of the devil, and this is the devil slandering Allah. (4) There are two types of "disbelieving people": the evil devils, the "Ibrahim", who do not believe in the truth of God and do not allow Muslims to become Christians, but only "spinsters" who only "worship and pray". They do not believe in the truth of God and do not allow Muslims to become Christians, but only "worshipers, prayers" and "swirlers, abiders and bowers". The wise Muslims who see the true nature of the imam as a demon and stop being obedient to him and start fighting against the dictatorship of the demonic group become the "disbelieving people" in the eyes of the devil. Such a "disbelieving people" is "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the iron rod".
(5) Since no Christ needs the aid of God, and Christ himself has enough power to fight against the devilish group of disbelievers, the man who asks God to "aid us against the disbelieving people" is never "a Christ like Jesus", but only the devil "Ibrahim". Such a person would never be a "Christ like Jesus", but only a demonic "Ibrahim". (6) While the Muslims of the Islamic world have received the "sunshine of the East", the Imamate is unwilling to surrender its dominant position to bring about a religious revolution, and they are trying to confront the "sunshine of the East" from the point of view of defending their own interests. They are asking Allah to assist them against the people who do not believe in the "devil's dictatorship". They are all devils rejected by God and will be overthrown by the revolutionaries of the gods.

(148) The only criterion for the reward of God is that He has made man the infallible truth of the return of Christ to heaven.
148. "So Allah rewards them with the reward of this world and the beautiful reward of the Hereafter, and Allah loves those who do good." : (1) Allah's infallible truth is to make man a Christ back to heaven, and the devil does not allow man to become a Christ under the guise of Allah, which is the only criterion for obtaining Allah's reward. (2) God gives the reward of this world and the beautiful reward of the Hereafter to "a Christ like Jesus" because "a Christ like Jesus" not only "kept the way of the Lord" but also gave his life to preserve The majesty of God and the unfailing truth are not defiled by demons.
(3) He did not become a "Christ like Jesus" himself, nor did he have a sense of the uniqueness of the righteousness of the Dharma, and did not know that what is different from the "infallible truth" is demonic magic. "Such people are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim", and God will reward them with the reward of the devil's slaves in this world and the reward of the Fire in the Hereafter. (4) Those who have not become a "Christ like Jesus", and who do not have a sense of the uniqueness of the righteousness of the Law, and who do not know that what is different from the "unalloyed truth" is demonic magic, do not know what "good and evil" are, and can only regard evil as good. "Such people do not know what good and evil are, and can only do evil as good. (5) The true doer of good is a "Christ like Jesus", for a "Christ like Jesus" not only "holds fast to the way of the Lord", but also spends his life defending the majesty of God and the unalloyed truth from the evil one. He also gave his life to warn everyone of the true nature of the devil, so that they would be safe from him.

(149) Those who betray Allah are Muslims who only "worship and pray".
149. "O you who believe! If you obey the disbelievers, they will make you betrayers, so that you will become wrong-doers." : (1) The Qur'an does not mention the Book of Revelation directly, but mentions Jesus' New Testament (Ḥusayn) which is an indirect reference to the Book of Revelation, since the Book of Revelation is the last of the Qur'an. Allah has made Jesus reveal in the Book of Revelation "the infallible truth that makes men Christ's return to heaven", and those who practice the Book of Revelation and believe in "the infallible truth that makes men Christ's return to heaven" are "those who believe (2) Those who do not practise the Book of Revelation and believe in the "infallible truth that makes one Christ's return to heaven" are "believers. (2) Those who do not practise the Book of Revelation and do not believe in the "infallible truth that makes men Christ's return to heaven" are "disbelievers". Any Muslim who does not want to become a Christian is an "unbeliever". Those who make Muslims only "worshippers and prayers" and "swirl around and pay homage, and abide in piety, and bow down" are not "disbelievers" but "devils" under the guise of righteousness. These people are not only "disbelievers", but are also devilish "Ibrahim" playing with the minions of the devil's cave in the guise of righteousness.
(3) The imams tell you to become "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and kowtowing" who only "worship and pray", and you believe them without thinking, just because they are "imams". "You are "obedient to the disbelievers". (4) The Muslims who have received the Qur'an have not studied the last book of the Apocalypse of the Qu'ran, nor has the crucifixion of Jesus taught you that Judaism is a demonic group, nor have you read the first book of the Book of Genesis in the Book of Zorat (Old Testament) after "Abraham" (Ibrahim). These "prophets of Judaism" are all demonic figures, which means that you yourselves are lazy, unwise, and obedient to those who do not believe in the truth of God, and to demons in the guise of God.
(5) Muslims, you yourselves are lazy, unwise, and have become obedient to those who do not believe in the truth of Allah and to the devil in the guise of Allah, and you have become "circling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and bowing" who only "worship and pray". You have all betrayed Allah's sole desire to make man Christ, and you have become the minions of the devil, "Ibrahim", and you have all become sinners who have lost their lives and prisoners in the Fire.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 16 January 2018 10:00 17:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









