The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1, The Yellow Cow (47-61) The Old Testament shows the true nature of the devil(Eblis), "Ibrahim"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (47) You today are developing and progressing beyond the ancients
47. "O children of Israel! Remember the grace We have bestowed upon you and that We have raised you above the world." (1) The division of the "children of Israel" into Judaism and Christianity, which overthrew Judaism, shows that the "children of Israel" are Satan and the devil and Christ. It is the "seed of Israel" that knows that the descendants of Israel form the opposing Judaism and Christianity. If one does not know this and does not have this awareness, one is not really a "descendant of Israel" at all, and has not understood the Bible. (2) If one does not know that the descendants of Israel make up the rival Judaism and Christianity, one does not know what the grace of God "has given you" and cannot "remember the grace I have given you". (3) To "raise you above the world" is to become a Christ like Jesus. "I have made you above the world" means that I have allowed Jesus to preach Christianity "so that Christians might become Christ". To "raise you above the world" is to become a holy man like Muhammad, the "Adhan". "And We have raised you above the world" means that We have made Muhammad preach Islam "so that Muslims may become saints like God". (4) Neither Jesus nor Muhammad bowed their heads in worship, nor did they become believers. Jesus revealed his true nature as "one with God" by rebuking the devil's group and showing himself to the world as the "God of the heavens". Do you understand, Muslims? If you want to become a "saint with Allah", you must not be a believer, but you must show your true nature as "one with Allah" by calling out the devil's group and showing yourself as "the gods of the heavens". (5) Muslims, you have to show your true nature as the "Gods of the heavens" to the world. (5) Muslims, you have been worshipping the idols of God since Muhammad, and none of you has "surpassed the world" to become an 'adhan' like Muhammad. Have you ever wondered? Why has no one "raised you above the world"? You have been misled because of the domination of Islam by the "Ibrahim". Please think about it and wake up.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (48) "If you do not become Christ in life, you will fall into hell after death.
48. "And beware of a future day when no one will be able to do a single favour for anyone, and no one's intercession will be accepted, and no one's ransom will be accepted, and they will not be assisted." (1) The fact that you have not become "saints with God" in this life, and that you will remain pious worshippers until you die, means that you have not been taught by God, that you do not have the wisdom to know right from wrong, and that you have made the "Ibrahim" your guides. This means that you have not been taught by God, that you do not have the wisdom to distinguish between right and wrong, that you have made the Ibrahim your guides, and that you cannot reach the Paradise of the rivers and enjoy eternity. (2) "No one can do a single favour for anyone, no one's intercession is accepted, no one's ransom is accepted, and they are not assisted" is what will happen to you after your death. "This is what will happen to those who have not passed on the righteousness of becoming one with Allah, and this is what will happen to them after a lifetime of kowtowing and worship, and this is what will happen to them when they are judged by hell.

(49) "Musa" in the Book of Exodus is an image of the devil shown by Allah
49. "Then We saved you from the people of Pharaoh. And they tortured you; they slaughtered your sons and kept your women; and this was a great tribulation from your Lord." (1) Israelites of the Jewish faith, "your Lord" accepted your burnt offerings, which means that he is a satanic demon in the guise of Yahweh, the "Ibrahim" of Islam. (2) You have listened to the teachings of "your Lord", and you have regarded all that is holy and different from you as "unholy", and you have exposed the image of the devil as a poisonous, mean, narrow-minded and selfish person, and you have been "praising yourself and destroying him". You have exposed your poisonous, mean-spirited, narrow-minded and selfish devilish image, and your perverse mentality of "praising yourselves and destroying others" has made you enemies everywhere, and you deserve to be tortured by the people of Pharaoh. (3) Your Judaism was later overthrown by Jesus' Christianity because you were a demonic group. (3) The people of Pharaoh believed in the Sun God, and you Israelites who believed in Judaism defamed the Egyptians who believed in the Sun God, and you were tortured by the people of Pharaoh as a reward for your ignorance of the truth and for your falsehood.

(50) The Old Testament beyond Genesis is a demonstration of the devil's lies
50. "And We parted the waters for you and saved you and drowned the people of Pharaoh, which you beheld." : (1) Exodus "14:27 Then Moses stretched out his staff to the sea, and at the first light of day the waters were still restored. And as the Egyptians fled from the water, the LORD overthrew them in the midst of the sea, 14:28 and the waters returned and overwhelmed the vehicles and the horsemen, and not even one of the whole army of Pharaoh who had gone down to the sea with the Israelites was left." Note: This is all a lie made up by the devil Moses. Israelite Judaism was a lying and deceitful group of demons overthrown by Jesus, and the "prophets of Judaism" in the Old Testament were all demons in disguise. (2) "I parted the waters for you" is to show you the reason for the torture of Pharaoh's people, and to show you that Judaism regards all that is holy and different from you as "unholy" and devilish. (3) "Save those of you who are wise and reflect on your faults". Those devils who are stubborn and unconverted deserve to be tortured. (4) "Drowned Pharaoh's people" is a "falsehood", a "test of wisdom", and if you believe it, you are a servant of Satan. (5) The Bible is a classic for you Muslims to read, and the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament are all playing out the scandal of the devil. Do you see, Muslims, that you in Islam have adopted the Jewish Old Testament as one of the four heavenly scriptures that Islam believes in, which means that the "Jewish priests" have entered Islam? (6) Why do you people in Islam not know that Jesus is the Christ who overthrew Judaism? This means that you do not have a true saint after Muhammad.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (51) "Recognising the calf as God" is a popular rebellion against the dictatorship of the Prophet
51. "Then We made an appointment with Musa for forty days, and after he had left you, you confessed the calf to God, and you were unrighteous." (1) "Musa" is a transliteration of the Arabic word (Meisah), which is the Old Testament word Moses. (2) The Israelites "recognize the calf as a god, and you are unrighteous", the Israelites have only Jehovah in their eyes, and denigrate all religious sanctities as "unholy", indicating that the Israelites are "cruel, mean, narrow-minded, selfish devils". (3) The Qur'an is based on the idea that the Lord is the only one in the world. (3) The Qur'an devotes a lot of space to the story of Musa in order to see how much you know about the Bible, to see if you can distinguish the wisdom of Judaism as a demonic group overthrown by Jesus, and to see if you know that the prophets of Judaism are the spokesmen of Satan. As it turns out, you Muslims have no such wisdom at all, and you do not even know how Jesus died or the reason for his crucifixion, showing that there are Jewish prophets in Islam and that Islam is dominated by Jewish prophets of all periods. This is the sorrow of the entire Islamic world!

52. "And after that I forgave you so that you might give thanks." : (1) This is a "test question", do you know it? (2) If "forgiving you" means "giving thanks", this is not the meaning of Allah, but depends on how you understand it and which one of you is wise. If you believe in it, you are not wise. (3) Allah has not "forgiven you" for the sake of "your thanks" and forgiveness of your ignorance, but in the hope that you will learn from it and not repeat it.

(53) Knowing that Musa is the devil, we know that Jesus is the right way.
53. "Then We rewarded Musa with the Scripture and the evidence, so that you may follow the right path." (1) The whole of the Old Testament is devoted to showing what the devil's evil ways are like, and that the "Jewish prophets" are all devils who promote Satan's teachings in the guise of Yahweh. This is a literary technique called "reverse thinking". (2) God's "rewarding Musa with classics and proofs" is an indication of the kind of devils who promote Satanism in the guise of Jehovah, who are the "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" that Jesus rebuked. Do you understand? Muslims.

(54) The Jewish "burnt offerings" to God are a farce of "self-deception".
54. "Then Musa said to his clan: O my clan! Indeed, you have deceived yourselves by recognising the calf as a god, so repent of your sins to your Creator and put the sinners to death. Indeed, this is better for you in the sight of Allah. And He forgives you. Indeed, He is the Most Forgiving, the Most Merciful." : (1) "Deceiving themselves by recognizing the calf as God", the Jewish burnt offering is also deceiving itself, for Yahweh is the infinite vacuum that gives birth to life, and not only does not eat meat, but also opposes human bullying and mutilation of animals. (2) The Jewish burnt offerings were self-deceiving, and the priests were guilty of mutilating animals, but the "Jewish prophets" had no sense of "repenting of their sins to their Creator", they were never wrong, and they did what was right because they were Yahweh's They were never wrong, they did what was right because they were Jehovah's spokesmen. (3) The "confession of the calf as God" is the same self-deception as the Jewish altar burnt offering, but it cannot be tolerated by Musa, for any "heathen" act is a contempt for the priests and is "punishable by death It is an act that is "punishable by death". This is indeed better for the maintenance of the dictatorial authority of the priests, and not at all "better for you in the sight of Allah". The priests always give their verdicts under the guise of Allah, revealing the devilish face of their dictators.

55. "At that time, you said, O Musa! We will never believe in you until we see Allah with our own eyes. So blinding thunder struck you, and this is what you saw." : (1) This is all a lie made up by Musa, for those who could leave writing in those days were very few. (2) The Old Testament was all compiled by the priests of Judaism, and it is all a lie exaggerating that they were the spokesmen of Allah.

56: "And after you have fainted and died, We revive you so that you may give thanks." : (1) This is the suppression of slaves by their owners and is not worthy of any "thanks" from the people. (2) "And after you have fainted and died, We will revive you so that you may give thanks" is the devil forcing people by force to become subservient slaves, without any "mercy" at all.

Chapter 2 of the True Qur'an (57) Chapter 1 of the Book of Genesis gives a very detailed account of "vegetarianism and the prohibition of eating meat"
57. "And We have made a white cloud to shade you, and We have sent down manna and quails to you. You may eat the good food that I have provided for you. They did not harm me, but they deceived themselves." : (1) This is a test of your wisdom, to see if you really eat quails. If you only look here and forget the previous verses and really eat the quail, you become a devil. (2) It is stated earlier, "22. He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and by it has come much fruit for your sustenance, so do not knowingly set up rivals for Allah." See? This is the commandment against eating meat. For the various plants produce much fruit, which is necessary for the sustenance of people to continue their lives. (3) Your Lord, who created you and those before you, also created all kinds of animals as friends of mankind, and if mankind does not treat them as friends and slaughters them wantonly, he is "knowingly making an enemy of Allah". (4) You really eat quails, thinking that you have not harmed Allah, but they deceive themselves, for they are not man-made and man has no right to mutilate them. The quail are one of God's creatures, and all animals are friends of mankind. If mankind does not treat them as friends and slaughters them wantonly, he is "knowingly making an enemy of God".

(58) Genesis 4: "Abel" who killed the animals was killed by his brother "Cain".
58. "Then We said, "Go into this city, and eat all the abundance of its food as you please. You shall bow down and enter the gates of the city and say, "Release me from my burdens. I will forgive you all your sins, and I will reward the good generously." (1) These are the "word-barriers" of Allah, the "test, the yardstick" that Allah uses to distinguish "saints from devils". (2) In the face of all the abundance of food, one may eat as much of it as one likes, but not meat or eggs. (3) "You should bow and enter the gates of the city" means that when you enter the city, you should obey the local laws and regulations, respect others, be polite, and show your good breeding by "bowing", so that you can work together to create a civilized society. (4) "Release my burdens" means to let go of your self-righteous dignity and be open to learning from the strengths of others to make up for your shortcomings. (5) If you do this: vegetarianism, bowing, and learning from the strengths of others with an open mind, Allah will forgive you for all your sins, for you are a good person who is truly and generously rewarded.

59. "But the unrighteous have changed their testimonies, so We have sent down a plague on the unrighteous, and it is because of their sins." (1) Vegetarianism, bowing, and learning from the merits of others with an open mind are the "commands" of Allah. Those who fail to do so are the "unrighteous". (2) The unrighteous who do not "eat, bow and learn from the merits of others" are guilty of killing life and disobeying the law, and will be punished by Allah with a natural calamity.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (60) The Devil's Lies
60. "Then Musa prayed for water for his clan, and We said: Strike the rock with your cane. And twelve fountains of water gushed forth from that rock, and every tribe knew its place of drinking water. You may eat and drink of Allah's sustenance, and do not do wrong in your places." : (1) These are the "word barriers" of Allah, the "test questions, the rulers" that Allah uses to distinguish between "saints and devils". If you believe this, you are a minion possessed by the devil. (2) The whole Old Testament is a farce of demonic demagoguery, and the "Jewish priests" are "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" whom Jesus rebuked. Do you understand? Muslims.

(61) Those who are wise aspire to vegetarianism, and those who do not eat meat are the "nobler" wise men.
61. "Then you said, "O Musa! We cannot bear to eat only one food, so ask your Lord for us to produce for us the vegetables of the earth - cucumbers, garlic, lentils and onions. He said, "Do you want to exchange the more expensive for the less expensive? Go to a city! You will have the food you ask for. They are in lowliness and poverty, and they deserve the wrath of Allah. This is because they disbelieved in the signs of God and killed the prophets in vain; and this is because they disobeyed their Lord and went beyond the law." : (1) The Jews were nomads and ate exclusively the same meat food. (2) "Ask your Lord for us to produce for us the vegetables of the earth" is a sign that Allah is an "idol". "Allah has already produced the vegetables of the earth, and you should have no difficulty in obtaining the seeds. (3) "Please ask your Lord for us to produce for us the vegetables of the earth", because Musa has deified Allah as omnipotent. (4) The people wanted to eat some vegetables, but Musa said, "Do you want to exchange the more expensive for the less expensive?" This shows that Musa is a demon king who "does not distinguish between right and wrong, who takes falsehood for truth, and who eats meat for its own sake.
(5) "Go to a city" suggests that Musa rules over a "nomadic tribe" with no settlements, and that their envy of a stable and civilized city life has turned to hatred. "A city is a sign of human progress and prosperity, a sign that mankind has moved from a nomadic, primitive society into a civilised one. "A city is the opposite of the "nomadic tribes" ruled by Musa. (6) "A city" contains not only pastoralists but also agriculturalists, so that "when you come to a city, you will have the food you ask for". (7) "They are sunk in lowliness and poverty, and they deserve the wrath of God" is the devil's curse on man's entry into civilisation. In Judaism, with the exception of the "priests" (the pope who was a unified religion), most of the common people were "sunk in lowliness and poverty", for nomads were the minority who had livestock, and the common people were mostly servants employed by the rich. Mussa was born in Egypt and saw the civilization of Egypt under the Pharaohs, which the Jews did not possess, yet he was not ashamed of being a "nomad" and said that "a city" in a civilized society was "deserving of the wrath of God". "This is a demonic and misleading statement that confuses people, misleads them and perverts right and wrong. (8) "They disbelieved in the signs of Allah" because they knew that Musa was a liar who lied and cheated under the guise of Allah, and they all knew that the "signs of Allah" that Musa had created were tricks and farces to preserve his rule over the Jews. Because the cities are home to many wise people who have summed up the knowledge and experience of their predecessors and accumulated the culture of mankind, they are far more knowledgeable and discerning than the "nomads", and they know that Allah is invisible, omnipresent and infinite, and that any particular "sign of Allah" is an attack on Allah. Any particular "sign of Allah" is an obliteration of Him. A clown like Musa cannot deceive the city man, so he hates "a city". (9) The city people who have eyes to see know that the Jewish "prophets" are all devils who "create sins through God", so they do not believe the lies of the "prophets" who lie and deceive people. This is why Musa, the devil, said that he "killed the prophets in vain". The Book of Exodus is a farce resulting from the "killing of the prophets in vain" by the civilized Egypt of the Jews. (10) The ancestors of Musa were originally a "nomadic people" who, for generations, had taken Satan for Jehovah without knowing it, and were punished by famine "because they disobeyed the Lord and went beyond the law", and then went to Egypt to escape the famine, without reflecting on why their faith in God had caused them to suffer. Instead of reflecting on why their faith in God had caused them to suffer famine, they slandered the Egyptian sun god as "unholy", which is what led the Jews to the Exodus.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on October 5, 2017 11:22 11:05 pm Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









