The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (31-32) The Signs of the Devil
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (31) A one-sided view of oneself as a spokesman for Allah is a sign of the devil.
31: "Say: If you love Allah, then obey me; and (if you obey me), then Allah loves you and forgives you your sins. And Allah is Most Forgiving, Most Merciful." : (1) Remember that such words are spoken by the devil 'Ibrahim' in the guise of Allah. Anyone who says or does such things is a devil who spreads "ecstasy" in the name of Allah and leads those who believe in Him into slavery. (2) The "infallible religion" that must be practised if one is to "love God" is not only to "eat vegetarianism and not to eat meat", but also to "become the true path of Christ to heaven". The "unalloyed truth" is to become Christ. If you cannot be a vegetarian and do not eat meat, and do not want to become a Christian, then you do not "love God", nor do you truly "love God". This means that you have met "a scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader" and that you do not know what the "infallible teachings of Allah" are.
(3) "According to the law and not according to men" means that a believer in God must convert to the "infallible law of God that makes man a Christ to heaven", which is "according to the law". As long as he is not the one who preaches the "infallible law", we should not convert him, which is "not according to man". Muslims must follow the law and not others in order to avoid being misled by "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders" and becoming minions in the devil's cave. (4) "Follow the people and not the law": He is not the one who preaches the Unseen Law, but he wants us all to follow him because he himself says, "He is the spokesman of Allah; obey me and Allah will love you and forgive you your sins. This is "obedience to man". Not to convert those who believe in God to the "infallible law of God that makes man a Christ to heaven" is "not according to law". If a Muslim does not follow the law, he must have encountered the devil "Ibrahim", who spreads "ecstasy" under the guise of Allah and leads believers into slavery. He was led straight into becoming a slave in a devil's cave by a "scribe and blind leader who pretended to be a good man".
(5) We have escaped from the devil's cave with great wisdom and have found the "privileged man" who has been commanded by God to preach the law and to become a Muslim who "eats vegetarianism and does not eat meat" and who practices the "infallible law of God that makes man a Christ to heaven". "If you are a Muslim, "God loves you and forgives you your sins", because you have turned to the light and become a "candidate for Christ", as long as you speak and act in a way that reveals the true nature of the devil, you are "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the rod of iron". (6) If a Muslim pretends to believe in Allah but does not have the consciousness of becoming a Christ back to heaven, it is a God who loves you and forgives your sins. (6) If a Muslim is a "swirler, a devotee, a bower, a supplicant", or a slave who has gone astray and committed the mortal sin of "slandering Allah and harming the lives of others", Allah will not love you and will not forgive your sins.
(7) Hearing the True Explanation of the Qur'an from China is a sign of improving one's speech and behaviour, and no longer believing in the Imams who have reduced you to the status of "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and praying", and receiving the "sunlight of the East" in order to "If you become a revolutionary in the Islamic religious revolution, God will love you and forgive you your sins. Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful. (8) "Obey me and Allah will love you and forgive you your sins" is a "delirium" of the devil's "selfishness and narrow-mindedness, shamelessness and demagoguery". This is the devil's "selfish, narrow-minded, shameless, demagogic" drug, and the person who says this is the devil, "Ibrahim", who is telling Muslims to "follow the people but not the law". This is the devil's way of making Muslims "follow the people but not the law". If Muslims "follow the people but not the law", they must have encountered the devil "Ibrahim" who is spreading "ecstasy" in the name of Allah and leading believers into slavery. He was led straight into slavery by the "scribes who pretended to be good, the blind guides".

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (32), is unique in that there is only one "true way for man to become a Christ to the heavens".
32. "Say: Obey Allah and His Messenger." And if you disobey the righteous, then indeed Allah does not love the disbelievers." : (1) "Eat vegetarianism; abstain from meat; and become the infallible righteousness of Christ back to heaven", which is the original and unique teaching of Allah. Without obedience to God's unique teaching, there is no "obedience to God", and one is misled by "the scribes who are hypocrites and blind guides", or by the devil "Ibrahim" (2) "Eat vegetarianism. (2) Those who "eat vegetarianism and do not eat meat" and who promote the "infallible way of God to make man a Christ" by exposing the true nature of the devil are the "messengers of God". Those who do not make man Christ, but reduce him to a "whirler, a devotee, a bower, a prayer-bearer" are all devils in the guise of Allah, and are "messengers of the devil" who lead Muslims astray from the Fire.
(3) As long as you do not practise Allah's "infallible truth" and do not want to become Christians, you are in violation of the righteousness of Allah's teachings. (4) Indeed, Allah does not love those who do not believe in the Unseen Truth. The devil "Ibrahim" loves those who do not believe in the truth. In order to mislead those who believe in Allah into slavery, the devil entered Islam and became an imam, and the devil used "devotional worship and prayer" as Allah's indoctrination to obliterate Allah's infallible truth.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 22 Dec 2017 8:30 11:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









