The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2: The Yellow Cow (165-167) Believers are to "follow the law and not follow the people"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (165) Treating an imam as an enemy of Allah is "following the people and not the law"
165. "Some people have worshipped other than Allah as enemies of Allah; and they love those enemies as they love Allah - and those who believe are especially earnest in the love of Allah - when the unrighteous see the punishment, if they know that all power is Allah's and that Allah is severe in punishment... ..." (1) The "Old Mother" of the universe of the birth of "Allah" is a formless, omnipresent, infinite vacuum. As long as one practices the "law of nothingness", which is the law of lawlessness, and as long as one teaches believers to become Christ to Heaven, one is worshipping God, and there is no "worship other than God". As long as the practice of "hymns and prayers, devotional worship" and other "works" does not make the believer a doctrine of the return of Christ to heaven, but rather a "devotional servant", this is not true. This is not true worship of God, but personal worship under the guise of worshipping God, which is "worship other than God", and is a way of making the "preachers" (priests, imams) This is "worship other than Allah" and treats the "preachers" (priests and imams) as the enemies of Allah.
(2) The word "rival" means: equal, reciprocal, proportionate. (2) The word "rival" means: equal, reciprocal, proportionate, treating the "preacher" (priest or imam) as an enemy of Allah, treating the "preacher" with the same respect as "Allah", and treating the "preacher" as a "rival" of Allah. Even if there were some faults or major faults of the "transmitters", the believers did not dare to criticize and expose them. "This situation is a result of the believers' superstitious belief in the miraculous power of a certain person and their "adherence to others rather than to the law", which is wrong. (3) The righteous Dharma of the Way of Return to Heaven is unique in that it only converts to the "law of nothingness", which is the law of nothingness, and only practices the doctrine of allowing believers to become the Christ of Return to Heaven. Listen to anyone who speaks of the "law of nothing" and leave him if he does not speak of the "law of nothing". This is the proper attitude of a believer towards learning.
(4) "They love their rivals as they love Allah" is a sign of ignorance and ignorance of the believers, a sign that they do not know the truth about their religion. Allah is unique and has no rivals. All "rivals" are falsehoods that are born and perish, but Allah is the unborn and imperishable reality. This is a sign that "the believers" have gone astray because of their blind faith, which means that such a sect is a falsehood far removed from God and is a devilish group led by the devil "Ibrahim". (5) The devil's "Ibrahim", who is a "follower of man but not of the law", does not allow believers to become Christians and advocates that they can receive what they "pray for" through "devotional worship" of God. "This is a manifestation of the devil's "Ibrahim's" compulsion. "This is a manifestation of being under the spell of the devil, Ibrahim, and of drinking the devil's "ecstasy" and taking falsehood for truth.
(6) "They love their enemies as they love Allah", and such believers are "especially sincere in their love for Allah", which means that they are all under the spell of the devil's "Ibrahim "(7) The unrighteous. (7) When the unrighteous see the punishment (of the state, which is in the hands of the church group and the imams), they will compromise out of fear and will not at all stand up for the truth and stand firm against the Lord. (8) If they knew that all power is God's and that He is the final arbiter of the severity of punishment, they would not "follow the people but not the law" and they would have given up their lives for righteousness, as Jesus did. The fact that they are not able to give up their lives for righteousness, as Jesus did, means that they have not become Christ, nor do they have the righteousness to become "righteous", so they will treat the Imam as an enemy of God and become slaves to the devil. They would therefore regard the imam as an enemy of God and become subservient to the devil, "Ibrahim", and would do nothing more than recite the Qur'an in "devotional worship", without any thought of becoming a Christ.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (166) "Punishment" is the dividing line between "Paradise and Hell
166. "Then those who were followed saw the punishment, and cut themselves off from those who followed them, and they were all cut off from each other." (1) Those who did not have the righteousness to die, who were afraid of life and death, who were compelled by the devil 'Ibrahim' in the name of Allah, who followed 'Ibrahim', who saw the punishment (of the church group and the imam group in control of the state), and who broke off their friendship with those who followed Allah and remained steadfast in His way. This means that he has chosen between Allah and his life to "save his life from punishment", that he has failed to "love life and love the truth more", and that he has failed to He did not "give up his life for righteousness", but became an "unrighteous man" who lived a life of iniquity. Such people, the majority, are the criminals of hell. (2) Those who were moved by Christ's words and deeds, who left the powerful "imam group" and became followers of Christ's words and deeds, who saw the punishment of the "imam group", and who broke with those who followed the "imam group He saw the punishment of the "imam's group" and broke off his friendship with those who followed the "imam's group" and their relationship with each other was severed. The fact that he chose between the Lord's way and his life to "defend the honour of the Lord's way with his life" shows that he "loved life more than the truth" and that he was a "righteous man" who "gave up his life for righteousness". He was a "righteous man". Such people are a minority, and they are the spirits in heaven.
(3) The "punishment" is like a "balance beam", and those who have become righteous in the face of the "punishment" go straight to heaven. "In the face of the punishment, those who are unrighteous will go straight to hell. (4) "Punishment" is the dividing line between "heaven and hell". Those who suffer the "penalty" of death for the Lord's sake go straight to heaven. Those who forsake the way of the Lord in order to avoid "punishment" go straight to hell. (5) The "penalty" is the middle line between "Christ and the devil". He who suffers "punishment" in order to keep the way of the Lord is Christ, and he who abandons the way of the Lord without wanting to suffer "punishment" is the devil. (6) Muslim brothers, look at yourselves and see who you are.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (167) To cut off from one's inertia is to escape from the Fire.
167. "Those who follow will say: May we return to the Hereafter, then we will cut ourselves off from them as they have cut themselves off from us. Thus will Allah reveal to them by their deeds, so that they may feel remorse, and they will never escape from the Fire." (1) Those who followed the devil "Ibrahim" during their lives and only worshipped God and did not want to become Christians have gone to Hell, and they want to say, "May we return to the Hereafter, then we will be cut off from their "imam group" as they were from us. They want to say, "May we return to the Hereafter? Allah has revealed to them that they "passed on magic and committed slander against Allah" during their lifetime, so that they will feel remorse for their ignorance and will confess their sins, but they will not escape from the Fire. (2) We only live once, and if we do not grasp this life, if we do not have the right values and outlook on life, then we will live in vain and go back to the cycle of rebirth. Therefore, we should be prudent about what we say and do in this life, correcting misconceptions in time and never lusting after years of habit. (3) The most powerful enemy is the inertia in our minds that harbours our shortcomings. Only by overcoming inertia can we abandon our darkness and become Christ. If they save face in life, indulge their inertia, refuse to correct their misconceptions, and die foolishly in the imam's group, they must not escape from the fiery prison.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 26 November 2017 14:20 17:11 PM Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











