The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (134-136) Revolutionaries of the Islamic World
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (134) "The departed nations" have revolutionaries in them
134. "Those are the departed nations, and they shall enjoy the reward of their deeds, and you shall enjoy the reward of your deeds, and you shall not be responsible for their deeds." (1) In June 1840, British troops launched the "First Opium War" against China, which began to reduce China to a semi-colonial and semi-feudal society, losing its independence and autonomy. In 1860, the British and French invaded Beijing, where they broke into the Yuanmingyuan, looted the jewels and burned it down. In 1900, the United States of America, Austria-Hungary, the British Empire, the Third Republic of France, the German Empire, the Japanese Empire, the Kingdom of Italy and the Russian Empire formed the "Eight-Power Allied Forces". "The Eight-Power Allied Forces once again invaded Beijing, and Tsarist Russia sent 170,000 troops to invade the three northeastern provinces, and the Eight-Power Allied Forces burned and looted everywhere, turning China's cities and villages into ruins. This modern Chinese history shows that the Chinese were an inferior people trampled on by the great powers, a "dead people". (2) The Chinese introduced Marx's Communist Manifesto to China in 1921 as a revolutionary programme to achieve national independence, drove out the Japanese invaders in 1945, and established a new China in 1949. In October 1950, the "War of Resistance against the United States and Korea" began, in which the Chinese defeated the "United Nations Army" of 16 countries, led by the United States, with rudimentary weapons. This shows that "in terms of freedom and independence" the Chinese are no longer a "departed nation", but a nation that cannot be violated. From December 1978, when China began its policy of importing foreign "capital, technology and ideas", to 2008, when it became the largest creditor of the US national debt, it shows that the Chinese have accomplished in 30 years the industrial revolution of the Western world, which took two centuries. This means that "economically" the Chinese are no longer a "dead nation", but that China has become the "centre of the world economy" and is on the world stage. I say this, Muslim brothers, to let you know the importance of the idea of "internal reform and external opening", in the hope that the "Chinese experience" will become a teaching tool for your national revival.
(3) The "departed nations" are those who are ignorant, unintelligent, superficial, and who take falsehood for truth; those who are unable to accept foreign cultures with an open mind, unable to allow new ideas from abroad to raise the spiritual level of their nation, unable to learn new ideas and methods from foreign countries for their own benefit, blindly xenophobic, selfish and narrow-minded, and who have no tolerance and integration of ideas. The extremes of the population are those who do not have a correct "outlook on life and values". (4) The "departed nation" is the one that is unable to keep pace with the times, unable to integrate into the global village, unable to integrate actively into the globalisation process, lagging behind and passive in the international community, circling in its own small circle, without an international outlook, unable to use foreign countries as its "mirror", unable to properly define itself for itself. "The ignorant and self-righteous people have become the elites and leaders of the crowd. (5) People who are not able to face foreigners who are better than they are, who are not open to advice and who become angry when they feel that their own community is short-sighted, are the "departed people". (6) The behaviour of the "departed nations" is that they do not become Christ themselves but do not let others become Christ, that they are "servants of God in worship" but let others become "servants of God in worship", that they are "servants of God in worship", and that they are "servants of God in worship". "They are "servants of God" but do not allow others to become Christians; they slander the Celtic religion when they see it preaching the "infallible law of God"; they overthrow their millennium-old misrepresentations when they see the Celtic religion interpreting the Qur'an's original meaning Instead of accepting it, they resist it and do not hide the fact that they are the devil, "Ibrahim". We all know how such people will enjoy the reward of their deeds.
(7) The "departed peoples" are not all "stubborn and conservative", but also "new trends, reformists and the elite of the times". They have a far-sighted, broad-minded and positive attitude towards the Chinese interpretation of the Qur'an, and they are eager to study it because they find that the truth they have always wanted is in the Qur'an. (8) The Muslim elite have long been tired of the boring, tedious "devotional worship", which they feel is wrong, but do not know what is wrong with it. Their doubts about the Qur'an as preached by the "imams" could no longer be drowned out by secular and ecclesiastical groups, and they felt a nameless pressure and a responsibility to solve this nameless pressure, but they did not know where to start. When they were presented with the authentic Qur'an as interpreted by the Chinese, they found their questions meticulously answered, and they rightly became the "revolutionaries" of the Islamic world. (9) The Muslim "revolutionaries" who practise the Qur'an have attained the spirituality of Jesus Christ and have become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans and has been given a rod of iron". The True Qur'an has created the Christ of the Islamic world, and the spirituality of the Arabs has risen by leaps and bounds, from being "servants of God in worship" to being "saints with God". (10) You, the elite Muslims, who have practised the true Qur'an and completed the "religious and intellectual revolution", enjoy the first step in the reward for your deeds: you have successfully emerged from the cave of the devil and have become normal people in the civilised world. This is the first stage of becoming a Christian, the completion of "self-denial". Becoming a Christian is the completion of "self-doing". The second stage is to share your experience with those around you, so that more Muslims will know that becoming a "servant of God" is the teaching of the devil, Ibrahim. This is the opposite of what Allah wants Muslims to be: "holy men, Christ, who are not different from Allah". If you have completed your mission of "toleration" as Jesus and Muhammad did, you will rightly return to God after a hundred years and enjoy the endless freedom of the Kingdom of Heaven as the reward for your deeds.
(11) Just as "with Jesus came Christianity and with Muhammad came Islam", so whenever someone in an age becomes a Christ like "Jesus and Muhammad", it will lead to a "religious revolution" in an age. Whenever someone becomes a "religious revolution" like Jesus or Mohammed, there is a situation where the old religious doctrine is overturned by a completely new one. If there has not been another Christ like "Jesus and Mohammed" for more than a thousand years, it means that human society has been "standing still" for more than a thousand years. "This is a sign of the stagnation of human society, which is not only the sorrow of a nation, but also the misfortune of all mankind. (12) In the 21st century, modern man has completed the global "industrial revolution". The original thinking and frameworks have basically been overturned and revolutionised, and the "things that we could not even dream of" (mobile phones, computers, aeroplanes, etc.) have become a universal phenomenon. Only religion has not been disrupted, and the "religious revolution" sweeping the world has not only become inevitable, but has also reached its "dawn"! (13) The New Christ of God will not fail to come out of nowhere because the initial majority of people do not accept the "revolutionary ideas", but the New Christ of God will, after the "end of the world" on December 21, 2012, give the devil's minions who are in the devil's cave and do not know (devoutly worship) A proper "good word" will be given to them, telling them that the "end" has come, that the "judgment of the end" has begun, and that none of you should "slumber". The sun has risen very high and it is time for you to "wake up". The sun has risen high and it is time for you to "wake up". All those who do not listen to advice will have no more excuses for their sophistry when they reach hell. (14) The new Christ, who is aware of the truth, is doing his duty and responsibility by explaining to those around him that the "Last Judgement", which everyone knows, has begun, and that it is none of his business who listens or does not listen. You "New Christs" are not responsible for the actions of those who advise them but do not listen, because you have done your duty and responsibility. (13 November)

(135) The process of breaking down the evil path is the process of attaining righteousness, the sign of attaining righteousness.
135. "They say: You should become Jews and Christians so that you may attain righteousness. Say: Otherwise, we follow the religion of Ibrahim, who worships righteousness, and he is not the one who takes things for his Lord." (1) This is Muhammad reminding Muslims once again, do you Muslims know the relationship between "Jews and Christians"? Do you know the origin and difference between "Judaism and Christianity"? Do any of you Muslims know where the "eight signs of Christ" are? Do you remember who crucified Jesus (in the Book of Revelation)? Do you Muslims know why the Jewish religion crucified Jesus? Have you Muslims read the 23rd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew? (2) "They said, "Become Jews and Christians so that you may attain righteousness." This is Muhammad reminding Muslims once again that the "Jews and Christians" who were enemies have become one family and that the Jews are dominating Christianity. This is another reminder to Muslims that the "Jews and Christians" who were hostile have become one family and that the Jews are dominating Christianity. If you Muslims do not have such a knowledge, you must have become slaves misled by the devil, "Ibrahim".
(3) Jesus, who became the Christ, was only 30 years old when he died. A church group that allows people to die as "devout servants of God" and not become Christ in this life is the "evil way" of the devil. A church group that allows people to become the Son of God (Christ) in this life, like Jesus, is the "right way" of the devil. (4) Not knowing what is the evil way and not knowing what is the right way. To know the evil way, to define it and to break it, is the process of attaining righteousness. In order to attain righteousness, one must have the words and actions to break the evil path. The process of breaking the evil way is the process of attaining righteousness, the sign of attaining righteousness. (5) The absence of words and deeds that break the evil path means that the person does not know what the evil path is and what the right path is, and that he will take the "evil path" for the "right path" without knowing it. The person who does not break the evil word and deed and shouts "we are the right way" is the personification of the devil, "Ibrahim". He calls others "evil" just because they do not believe in the "LORD" of the Bible, and thinks that only those who believe in the "LORD" of the Bible are "evil". There is no "clear scale for defining the evil way", and such people are the incarnation of Satan and the devil.
(6) Matthew 23 is Jesus' demonstration of the "process of attaining righteousness and the signs of attaining righteousness", and of what the "Christ" (the Son of God) was like in word and deed. If Matthew 23 is ignored by those of you who read the Bible, you do not know the model of "Christ" and you do not know what this unique Christianity is. (7) When the elites of the Islamic world use Matthew 23 as a "demon mirror" to identify "Jews and Christians", and find that none of them have the words and deeds of Jesus, they will know that they have all kidnapped "Jehovah This shows that there is a new Christ, a new Muhammad in the Islamic world, that there is a religious revolutionary in the Islamic world, that the Messenger of God has come to the Arab world, and that Allah will bless the Arab world.
(8) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of Genesis, and "Ibrahim's religion" is Judaism, which practises the Old Testament belief in Jehovah, the "Pharisee" whom Jesus rebuked. The "Pharisees" were rebuked by Jesus. Judaism and Christianity slander other people's gods as "unholy" simply because they do not believe in Yahweh, and have no convincing doctrine to prove that they alone are "holy". This is not "breaking down the evil way", it is a selfish and narrow-minded blind exclusion. (9) The only thing that God wants is for people to become Christians in this life and return to the House of God after a hundred years. (10) The distribution of goods from the world to God, who is everywhere in heaven, is "matching God with goods". The sacrifice of all kinds of goods to God is the "sacrifice of goods to God". He who sacrifices the goods of the world to God is a "matchmaker". "He who sacrifices to God with the goods of the world is a "taker of goods", a person who imposes his thoughts on God, not realising that the goods are not what God wants. Such people are minions who have been misled by the devil. The "burnt offerings" of the "religion of Ibrahim" are a form of "offering something to God", and therefore, the "religion of Ibrahim" is not the "right religion" at all. "It was a devilish group that used "burnt offerings" to insult Yahweh.
(11) Only "he who is not a match for the Lord" is "practising the right religion". The religion of Ibrahim is "to follow the Lord of things"; "Ibrahim" is "the one who follows the Lord of things", so "the religion of Ibrahim The "religion of Ibrahim" is therefore not the "right religion" to be "followed". The religion of Ibrahim" is not a religion that should be "followed". The religion that should be "followed" is the sect of the demonic group of Judaism, and the religion of Ibrahim is the sect of the demonic group that should be "followed (12) "You say: "The religion of Ibrahim is a sect of the devil. (12) "You say: Otherwise, we follow the religion of Ibrahim, who is righteous, and he is not a matchmaker." This is an elliptical sentence; the full one should read, "You say: otherwise, we follow the religion of the revered Orthodox which classifies the religion of Ibrahim as a sect of the devil's group, and he is not a match for his Lord in kind." If you can say something like that, you are a revolutionary in the Islamic world, you are the new Christ, the new Muhammad of the Islamic world. The fact that you, as a Muslim who reads the Qur'an, are not able to say such things means that you do not understand the Book of Genesis and the Book of Revelation, that your "imam" is a "hypocritical scribe, a blind leader", that you are reduced to being a "devil" and a "fool". You have been misled by the devil, "Ibrahim". (18 November morning)

The prophets and disciples of Judaism were "scribes of hypocrisy and blind leaders" whom Jesus rebuked.
136: "Say: We believe in the revelation which we have received, and in the revelation which Ibrahim, Yisma'il, Yishaq, Yirgulbai, and the tribes have received, and in the classics which Musa and Uzzah have received, and in the classics which the prophets have received from their Lord; and we do not discriminate against any of them, but we obey Allah alone." (1) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. (2) In Genesis 16-21, it is written that Hagar, an Egyptian maid belonging to Sarai, was given to her husband Abraham as a concubine because Sarai was barren, and had a son named "Ishmael" (Ishmael). "Abraham" (Ibrahim) listened to his wife and the devil in the guise of Yahweh and hastily expelled "Ishmael" and her son from the house. (3) "Ishaq", also known as "Ishaq", is the Arabic word for "Isaac" in the book of Genesis, and is "He was the second son of Ibrahim, the brother of Ishmael (الإسماعيلي). The story of "Yishaq" (Isaac) is described in Genesis 26: "Isaac was deceived and blamed" and in chapter 27: "Isaac was deceived by Jacob". (4) "Ya'qub" is the Arabic transliteration of "Ya'qub", another translation of "Ya'qub", the "Jacob" of Genesis, which is The grandson of "Ibrahim" (Abraham) and son of "Ishaq" (Isaac). (5) "Musa" is the Jewish priest "Moses" from Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy. The part of the scripture that relates the story of "Moses" (Musa) is the "Classics of the Giving of Musa". (6) "Ersa" is the one who called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", who overthrew the "Old Testament age" and opened the "New Testament age", the Christian religion. New Testament era" and the Christian patriarch Jesus. The part of Scripture that tells the story of "Jesus" (Isaac) is the "Classics of the Giving of Jesus".
(7) If one reads Genesis, one will know that from "Ibrahim" (Abraham) to "Yerushalayim" (Jacob), all are lying deceivers who are putting on absurd farces, and all are compelled by the devil under the guise of "Jehovah "This is the revelation of the Book of Genesis. The Old Testament after Genesis is a continuation of the absurd farce. (8) Above, "They said, "You shall become Jews and Christians, that you may obtain righteousness", is a reminder for us to distinguish between "Jews and Christians", a warning against "Jews and Christians This is a reminder for us to distinguish between "Jews and Christians" and a warning against "Jews and Christians" going together. Again, the purpose of juxtaposing the Jewish figures in Genesis with Jesus, who overthrew Judaism, is for us to "characterise and classify" them, to see which of you has the sense and opinion that "Jesus was crucified by Judaism", and if If you Muslims do not clearly "qualify and classify" them, you have all become "confused, unable to distinguish between right and wrong, true and false", and have become minions who have been misled by the devil's "Ibrahim". (9) In the New Testament, we are to be found in the New Testament. (9) We find in the New Testament many of the words of the "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament, which is a sign that "Jews and Christians" have become one family, and that the New Testament has been tampered with by the Jewish-dominated Christianity. This is all part of the "prophets being given a classic by the Lord". The fact that the New Testament has been added to by the devil does not affect the truth of the Scriptures, for the devil was also created by God and cannot escape His control.
(10) "We have to classify any of them in detail, whether they are Jewish in the Old Testament or Christian in the New Testament. Regardless of the age, all Jewish prophets and disciples are "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" whom Jesus rebuked as the embodiment of Satan's demons who corrupted the true teaching of Yahweh under the guise of Yahweh. (11) Why is there "no discrimination" against the prophets and disciples of the whole demonic group of Judaism? Because they are the "living targets and companions" for our becoming Christ. Without their corrupting the true teaching of Yahweh under the guise of Yahweh, we would not have known what Satan is and would not have become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron", so we respect every prophet and disciple of the devil's group! Having exposed them for what they are shows that we have become Christ. Therefore, "none discriminate". Understand? Muslim brothers.
(12) To be a "servant of God in worship" is not at all "obedience to God", because God does not really want us Muslims to be "servants of God", but He does want us Muslims to be "servants of God". Allah really wants us to be "children of Allah". The "children of God" are the "sons of God", the Christ like Jesus, the "Holy One who is like God". It is only when one becomes a Christ in life that one is "obedient to God alone" and can return to Him after death. A Muslim who does not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame" and is unable to distinguish between right and wrong is misled into not being "obedient to God alone".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 13 November 2017 16:00 18:35 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









