The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (222-225) Do not make Allah an obstacle
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (222) Wives should not have intercourse with them during their periods
222. "They asked you about menstruation, and you said: Menstruation is harmful, so leave your wives during their periods and do not have intercourse with them until they are clean. When they are cleansed, then you may have intercourse with them in the parts that Allah has commanded you. Indeed, Allah loves those who repent of their sins and indeed loves the clean." (1) The lining of the womb sheds and becomes "menstrual" and is therefore harmful, so leave your wives during their periods and do not have intercourse with them until they are clean. (2) When they have been cleansed from menstruation, you may have intercourse with them in the place ordained for you by Allah. (3) Indeed, Allah loves those who repent of their sins and are clean.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (223) Only the living "sons of God" can meet with Allah in Paradise
223: "Your wives are like your fields, which you may cultivate as you wish. Do good beforehand for yourselves. And fear Allah, and know that you will meet Him. And you shall announce to the believers the good news." (1) "Your wives are like your fields, which you may plough as you please" is a literary device of "reflexive language", a "test question" from Allah. (2) Your wives are like your men's fields, and you are not to plough them as you please, but first of all to fast and select the seed and sow it at the right time. There is no harvest from poor seed or from sowing at the wrong time. (3) You men should do good deeds beforehand for the harvest of your own ploughing. If your ancestors did not do good, and if you do not do good in this life, there will be no harvest for "your field" and no good harvest.
(4) Fear Allah and obey His rules and regulations, and be good, true, law-abiding people. If you do not follow the rules and regulations laid down by Allah, or if you misinterpret them, you do not have the fear of Allah, and you are not "fearing Allah". "(5) To observe the rules and regulations laid down by God. (5) The imam who observes the rules and regulations laid down by God and does not misinterpret them, and who studies the Qur'an on his own, is a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", not a "hypocrite". The imam who studies the Qur'an on his own is a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and not a "hypocritical scribe or a blind guide", and you will meet with God in Paradise.
(6) If the imam who studies the Qur'an on his own is not a "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and is a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind guide", you will not meet God in Paradise, because you are a You will not be able to meet with God in heaven, because you are a devil's slave who has "made a thief his father" and will only be punished in hell. (7) The devil "Ibrahim" used lies to announce the good news to the believers who "worshipped and prayed with devotion". (8) The Muslims have become the "false and empty" believers. (8) Muslims have become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and know that imams who misinterpret the Scriptures are "scribes who are hypocrites and blind guides", so rejoice in such believers and know that they will meet God in Paradise. And know that such believers will meet with Allah in the heavens.

(224) Not to accept the Qur'an as interpreted by the Chinese is to "make Allah an obstacle".
224: "And do not make Allah an obstacle for your own vows, so that you cannot do good, nor fear, nor reconcile. Allah is All-Seerful, All-Knowing." (1) The fact that there was an "oath of one's own" with the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" should not be a hindrance to your turning to the light, for the Chinese are interpreting the Qur'an in its original meaning and have not instilled in Muslims "They are not asking Muslims to abandon the Qur'an, so you should not reject the "sunshine of the East" because of the oath you took with the imam. If you do not accept the sunlight of the East because of the oath you took with the imam, you are "making Allah an obstacle", which is wrong. If the Chinese had "made Allah an obstacle", they would not have interpreted the Qur'an. The fact that the Chinese have interpreted the Qur'an shows that the Chinese have not made Allah an obstacle and that they are brothers in faith with the Islamic world. (2) One's vows to the Imam were made in order to accept the true meaning of the Qur'an, not because of the personality of the Imam. The imam did not have the Qur'an in its original meaning and studied the Qur'an as expounded by the Chinese in order to accept Allah's Qur'an in its original meaning, not because of the charisma of the Chinese personality. To refuse to listen to the Qur'an just because it is interpreted by the Chinese is to "put God as an obstacle" and to be compelled by the lies of the devil, "Ibrahim".
(3) To refuse to listen to the Qur'an just because it has been interpreted by the Chinese is to "make Allah an obstacle", and such a Muslim becomes a narrow-minded, radical and mean-spirited devil. Such a Muslim does not have the wisdom to distinguish between "good and evil, truth and falsehood, and right and wrong", so he cannot do good, but continues to do evil. (4) Those who do not listen to the Qur'an just because it has been interpreted by the Chinese are "making Allah an obstacle" and are demonic "Ibrahim" who cannot fear Allah; they only fear the Imam because they have drunk the Imam's "(5) Muslims do not distinguish between right and wrong.
(5) Muslims do not distinguish between right and wrong, take falsehood for truth, do not accept new things, and cannot accept Allah's mediation; they are only abandoned by Allah. (6) "Allah is All-Seerful, All-Knowing", and Muslims should know all the interpretations of the Qur'an in order to be servants of the "All-Seerful, All-Knowing God". The fact that Muslims are not "all-seeing and all-knowing" means that you are not "servants of Allah", let alone "true children". "You are the "closed and ignorant" devils, the "Ibrahim".

The oath of fidelity to the world of Islam and the Imamate is an "intentional oath", as stated in chapter 2 of the Qur'an (225).
225: "Allah does not rebuke you for unintentional vows, but for intentional vows. Allah is the Forgiving, the Forgiving." (1) Any vow that a Muslim takes that is not for the purpose of accepting the original meaning of Allah's Qur'an is meaningless and is an "unintentional vow". Leaving the Imam to accept the Qur'an as interpreted by the Chinese does not violate one's vow to accept the Qur'an as it is, so Allah does not rebuke you for unintentional vows. (2) A vow that is said in order to return to Allah in an empty paradise is a vow with the intention of an empty paradise. Since paradise is nothing, any vow that is said with the intention of returning to the empty paradise of God is an unintentional vow. The "unintentional vow" is what Allah calls "law and not man". Allah does not rebuke you for unintentional vows, so rest assured, Muslim brothers.
(3) The vows of fidelity to the world of Islam and the Imams are bounded and distinct from the vows of acceptance of the Qur'an in its original meaning, and are vows with a definite object of intention. "A vow taken to return to God in an empty paradise as a vow of loyalty to the world of Islam and the Imamate is an "intentional vow". "This is the opposite of what the devil advocates: "Follow the people and not the law", which is the opposite of what Allah advocates: "Follow the law and not the people", so you will be rebuked by Allah. (4) If the ignorant are willing to learn, if they can overcome their selfishness and narrow-mindedness and have the heart to accommodate new knowledge, they will become new and reformed, and will be forgiven and accommodated by Allah, Who is the Forgiving, the Forgiving. (5) "Allah is Forgiving and Forgiving", yet the Imams' group is intimidating Muslims for leaving them because of their oaths. It shows that the imams are selfish, narrow-minded and mean-spirited demons, the "Ibrahim". Muslims should "resist their attacks, fight them and kill them".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 December 2017 15:30 17:33 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









