The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (132-133) Transmitting the True Essence of the Bible and the Qur'an
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Which of the two do you submit to, Cain or Abel?
132. "Thus did Ibrahim and Yairub tell their sons, saying: O my sons! Indeed, Allah has chosen this religion for you, so that you may not die until you have become obedient." (1) "Ya'qub" is an Arabic translation of "Ya'qub", another translation of "Ya'qub", the Jacob of the Book of Genesis. He was the grandson of "Ibrahim" (Abraham) and the son of "Ishaq" (Isaac), and is revered as the first ancestor of the Israelites. (2) For I have expounded the book of Genesis verse by verse, and have given each chapter a "title" using the central idea of the chapter. The headings for "Jacob" are: chapter 26, which opens with "Isaac deceived and blamed", chapter 27, "Isaac deceived by Jacob", and chapter 28 "Jacob the Deceiver Meets Satan", Chapter 29 "Jacob Deceived and Gives Birth to a Son", Chapter 30 "Jacob Deceives his Maternal Uncle", Chapter 31 "Jacob the Robber Escape", Chapter 32 "Wisdom over fear is Israel", Chapter 33 "Jacob is not a sign of Israel", Chapter 34 "Jacob's son kills with brutality ", Chapter 35 "Israel" is "Satan", Chapter 36 "Esau", the brother, is far from "Israel ", Chapter 42 "Jacob breaks his bread", Chapter 48 "Jacob plunders Joseph's sons and property", Chapter 49 "Jacob exposes his family", Chapter 51 "Jacob's sons and property", Chapter 52 "Jacob's sons and property". Chapter 50: "Malice is in Jacob's genes".
(3) God has indeed chosen for you Jews the religion of Judaism, which is based on the teachings of the Old Testament, by circulating the Book of Genesis, but not so that you may be convinced of this religion, for the Book of Genesis has placed "The purpose of the book of Genesis is to make you reflect on the teachings of Judaism after you have become a Jew. If you read the first and fourth chapters of Genesis, you will see that the "burnt offerings" of Judaism are actually the devil's way of insulting God, who "gives birth to life and does not eat", so that you will realise that the "Jewish prophets It is to make you realise that the "Jewish prophets" were all "popes and dictators" who were "selfish, narrow-minded and mean-spirited". Because you have not understood the first and fourth chapters of Genesis, you have misunderstood the scriptures. "(4) If you have not read the Scriptures, you will not dare to think that the burnt offering is wrong.
(4) If you have not read the first and fourth chapters of the book of Genesis, and you read "4:4 Abel also offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the lamb", you have followed the example of "Abel" and "killed the lamb for sacrifice". but ignore the following "4:8 And Cain spoke with his brother Abel, and they were in the field, and Cain rose up and struck his brother Abel, and killed him", and you became the "second Abel" who should be killed by the righteous "Cain". "You have become a devil who slaughters and kills animals. (5) Do you know, brother Muslims, what Allah said after "Abel", whom "Cain" killed? "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. 4:17 And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him. 4:17 And Cain was with his wife, and she conceived and gave birth to Enoch. And Cain built a city, and called it Enoch, after the name of his son." (6) Muslim brothers, should you submit to "Cain" who took the produce of the land and offered it to the Lord as an offering? Or should you submit to "Abel" who offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep to the Lord, who was killed by "Cain"? (7) Think about it, Muslim brothers, you have never thought about it before because you have not seen the Last Judgement. Today is the time of the Last Judgement, and it is time for you to escape from the evil one. Your forefathers were not born after the Last Judgement because they were not born at the right time. The fact that you were born after the Last Judgement means that you were all good people in your past lives, and that is why you have the blessing of "hearing the truth" today. Our ancestors did not use modern tools such as mobile phones, computers, cars, aeroplanes, etc. This is the reason why they were not blessed enough. (8) The "religious revolution" caused by the Chinese religion of Zhongtianism is not the overthrow of the Bible and the Qur'an, but the overthrow of the misinterpretation of the Bible and the Qur'an, and the transmission of the true essence of the Bible and the Qur'an.
(9) Only when one becomes "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire and who has received a rod of iron", does one truly "submit to the Lord of the whole world"; only when one lives as Jesus did, with a view to death, can one "not die "(10) The one who does not know what it means to (10) Those who do not know what "this unique Christianity" is, and who do not have the words and actions of Jesus, who called the "Jewish prophets" "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", do not "submit to the Lord of the whole world". They have not "submitted to the Lord of the world", but are minions of the devil who have "submitted to the Lord of the world" as if they had submitted to the devil, "Ibrahim". Such people, though alive, have in fact had their souls killed by the devil and are soulless walking corpses.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (133) "Ibrahim" is the "unrighteous one" who expelled "Ishmael" and her son from their home
133: "Were you present when Yirgulbai was dying? He said to his sons, "What will you worship after my death?" They said, "We will worship what you worship, and what your ancestors Ibrahim, Yisma'il and Yishaq worshipped - the One Lord - to whom alone we return." : (1) A reading of the book of Genesis will show that "Yair Khobai" died as a foreigner in Egypt and not in his homeland of Israel outside of Egypt. The reason for this is that there was a severe famine in Israel and the family had to go to Egypt as refugees from the famine because the Egyptian pharaoh, who believed in the "sun god", had received a dream from the "gods" in advance. This was because the Egyptian pharaohs, who believed in the "sun god", had received a dream from the "gods" in advance and had made adequate preparations so that there would be food. This story was a powerful rebuttal to Israel's claim that "Yahweh alone is the one true God and that pagan gods are unholy". The fact that the family of Yairubai, who had believed in the "one true God" for generations, had to flee to Egypt shows that Yairubai was not a "prophet" at all. "This means that he was abandoned by Yahweh, and that the Egyptian "sun god" was the true God who saved the nation and the people, and that the Egyptian "sun god The Egyptian "Sun God" was more merciful than the "Jehovah of the Jews". (2) If Yair Khufu Bai had been a sane and normal person, he would have seriously examined and reflected on whether he believed in "Jehovah" or "Satan and the Devil" before he died. Before he died, he would have done a serious review and reflection on whether he believed in the Lord or in Satan. The fact that Israel was suffering from a severe famine and that the "LORD", who enjoyed so many "burnt offerings", did not tell him in advance, but the Egyptian Pharaoh, who believed in the "sun god", knew in advance, means that This means that "Yair Khufu" was not a "prophet" at all, and that his family's faith was misguided. This is the kind of thinking that a man who has gone abroad to open his eyes to the world should have. But "Yair Loubai" did not reflect on this. The older people are, the more "stubborn" they prove to be. They have lost the courage to face their mistakes, and this is why the modern world has outlawed "leadership for life".
(3) If you read Genesis carefully and comment on it sentence by sentence, as I have done, you will see that there is plenty of evidence that the "Jewish prophets" were not "prophets" at all. You have been blinded by most of the verses in which "Yahweh" praises and ordains the "prophets" and have ignored the verses in which "Allah" denies them (the parts that show them burnt sacrifices, lying, cheating and killing). This shows not only that you are not careful, but also that you have not been careful. This shows not only that you are not careful, but also that you have been worshipping the "Jewish prophets" as if they were true "prophets" from the beginning, and this is due to the external environment of your millennia of blackmail. (4) Although the Bible has existed in China for a long time, it is not the mainstream of Chinese society, so I, a Chinese, can understand the Bible's original meaning from a perspective that is not "deep in it", sober, objective and fair. This is the reason why my interpretation will overturn your perceptions and will be very different from yours. (5) The reason why my understanding is different from yours is that I have commented on and interpreted the book of Genesis and Revelation almost verse by verse, and have summarised the central ideas of each chapter, so that I have a deep understanding of the words and actions of the "prophets". None of you, however, have done what I have done, commenting sentence by sentence and summarizing the central idea of each chapter. You have barely taken notes with your hands and pens, but you have only "read it over" with your eyes, so you cannot possibly have the thorough knowledge that I have.
(6) In Genesis 16-21, it is written that Hagar was an Egyptian servant girl belonging to Sarai, who, being barren, gave her to her husband Abraham as a concubine and gave birth to a son named "Ishmael" (Ishmael). Genesis 21:9 Now when Sarah saw Hagar the Egyptian laughing at the son whom Abraham had borne, 21:10 she said to Abraham, "Thou shalt cast out the bride and her son! 21:14 And Abraham arose early in the morning, and took bread and a sack of water, and gave it to Hagar, and put it on her shoulder, and gave her the child, and sent her away. So Hagar went away and lost her way in the wilderness of Beersheba. (7) "Abraham" (Ibrahim) listened to the devil in the guise of Yahweh and rashly expelled "Yishmael", mother and son, from his house. "Not only was he not a "righteous man", but he was also an "unrighteous man" who was worse than a beast. How could a man like him be a "prophet"? In fact, Jehovah's giving him the name of "prophet" was a sarcastic way of calling him an "ignorant, stupid pig". (8) Many "Islamic scribes" only say that "Ishmael" (Ishmael) was the son of "Abraham" (Ibrahim), but not that The fact that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) did not say anything about the expulsion of "Ishmael" from his mother and son, let alone saying that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) was a beast, shows that the so-called "Islamic scribes" are all This shows that the so-called "Islamic scribes" are all devilish minions who are unjust and deceitful in heart. (9) Muhammad has deliberately listed "Ishmael" (Ishmael) after "Ibrahim" (Abraham) here in order to let us know once again that "Abraham "(Ibrahim) listened to the devil in the guise of Yahweh and hastily expelled "Ishmael" and her son from the house. But none of you dared to say that Ibrahim (Abraham) was wrong because he was "one of the prophets of the Islamic world". This shows that none of you Muslims is a righteous person, and that you are all devil's minions who cannot think, who follow and believe blindly, and who are misled by the devil "Ibrahim".
(10) "Ishaq", also known as "Ishaq", is the Arabic translation of the word "Isaac" in the Book of Genesis. "He was the second son of Ibrahim, the brother of Ishmael (الإسماعيلي). The story of 'Ishaq' (Isaac) is described in Genesis 26: "Isaac was deceived and blamed" and in chapter 27: "Isaac was deceived by Jacob".
(11) "The One Lord" is "nothing", "the truth that does not come into being", "the reality that is without form". (12) The "One Lord" is "Nothing", the "unborn truth", the "uncreated reality". Allah gives birth to the masculine angelic soul and the feminine satanic devil. All things have four stages: "becoming, dwelling, destruction and emptiness", and are not "the truth that does not come into being," but are "the falsehood that comes into being and goes out of being". Everything is a "being" that arises from "nothing", so only "nothing" is the "one and only master". It is the "incomparable", the ultimate vacuum from which no one can be separated. "The only way to "submit to Him" is to see through and let go of all falsehoods. If one does not know what the "One Lord and falsehood" is, one cannot "submit to Him". (12) All things in nature are made by the One Lord. All things and all man-made things of speech and action are the false appearance of "birth and death", the opposite of the "unborn and undying truth". All forms of "rules and rituals" are the falsehood of "birth and death", the opposite of the "One Lord", and the devil's (13) The Jewish "rituals" are the "opposite of the One Lord". (13) The Jewish "burnt offerings and devotions" are a farce of "insults to God" by those who have "submitted" to the devil "Ibrahim". (13) The Jewish "burnt offerings and devotions" are a farce in which those who have "submitted" to the devil "Ibrahim" are "insulting God", for this is the opposite of God's "infallible teaching" that makes man Christ. Those who "whirl around and pay homage, those who abide in piety and those who bow down" are all putting on a false show of "life and death", and are "submitting" to the devil, "Ibn Abd al-Islam". The people of the "bad boys" are staging a farce of "insulting Allah" because it is the opposite of Allah's "infallible teaching" that makes man a Christ.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 November 2017 15:25 19:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (131) teaches you to read the Bible
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The true "submission to the Lord of the worlds" is when one becomes a "Christ" (131).
131: "Then his Lord said to him, "Submit. He said, "I have submitted to the Lord of the world." (1) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. He did not really understand anything that "his Lord" said to him, and basically misunderstood it all. If you read Genesis, you will know that what his Lord really told him to do he did not do, and that what his Lord said was a test of his wisdom, and what he was not allowed to do, he did instead. (2) Allah has transmitted the Book of Genesis to the Prophet.
(2) God circulated the Book of Genesis for the "Jewish prophets" to stage the farce of the "reversal of right and wrong" in order to warn people not to become obsessed with the worship of God, let alone to "worship and sacrifice". The purpose is to warn people not to become obsessed with the worship of God, and not to "worship and sacrifice", but to become, as Jesus did, "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron" by denouncing the Jews as "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders". "This is the "infallible teaching" of God.
(3) God deliberately made the Bible contain so many articles showing the "Jewish prophets" as devils in disguise, in order to cover up, obscure and dilute the last book of the Bible, the Book of Revelation, in addition to showing "the scandal of the devil's priests". (4) If you have the Book of Revelation, you will be able to read it.
(4) If you get your hands on the Bible and practice it according to the Old Testament, you will become a direct servant of the devil, "Ibrahim", and you will basically not read the Book of Revelation, you will misinterpret it, and you will treat both Jesus, who overthrew Judaism, and the Jewish prophets as "prophets". prophets". Just because there is a dialogue in 2 Samuel between "David and the Lord", you do not know that this is a lie made up by the "Jewish prophets", but you also include "David" as a "prophet". "This is a sign that you have fallen into the hands of the devil's "ebony".
(5) In the face of the vast number of mysteries in the Bible, how should we read the Bible in order not to be misled and to get the essence of it directly? First, we must first ask the question "Why was Jesus killed by Judaism and what did he say and do that led to his crucifixion?" If you do not have this question, and if you do not understand it, you should follow the "pastor" in the church to If you don't have this doubt and don't understand it, you follow the "pastor" in the church and "sing hymns and prayers", then you have become a Jew under the guise of Christianity and there is no possibility of escape.
(6) When you get the Bible, you read it in one line, looking for "the reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism". In fact, there is no "reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism" in the Old Testament. If you are not strong enough to read the Old Testament and then stop looking for the "reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism", you will have given up halfway and become a Jew.

(7) Read the Gospel of Matthew, the first book of the New Testament. Chapter 23 of the Gospel of Matthew is full of the words of Jesus scolding the Judaizers and the Pharisees, and this is how Jesus scolds them: "23:13 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have shut the door of the kingdom of heaven before men, and have not entered in yourselves, nor have you allowed those who are about to enter in.
23:14 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! Because you have embezzled from the widow's house, and have prayed long and falsely, you will be punished with a heavier penalty.
23:15 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have gone throughout the sea and the sea and the land to seduce a man into the church, and have made him a son of hell, twice as much as you.
23:16 Woe to you who lead blindly! You say, It is nothing to anyone who swears by the temple, but he who swears by the gold in the temple, let him keep it. 23:17 O you who are ignorant and blind! What is great? Is it the gold, or is it the temple where the gold is sanctified?
23:19 O you who are blind! What is great? Is it a gift, or an altar for the sanctification of gifts?
23:23 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you offer a tenth of the mint, fennel and celery, but not the weightier things of the law, which are righteousness, mercy and faithfulness. This weightier thing is what you should do, and that is not to be done.
23:24 You blind guides, you strain out midges, and you swallow camels.
23:25 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have washed the outside of the cup and dish, but inside you are full of extortion and debauchery.
23:26 You blind Pharisees, cleanse the inside of the cup and dish first, so that the outside may be clean also.
23:27 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you are like a whitewashed tomb, beautiful on the outside, but inside you are filled with the bones of the dead and all their filth.
23:28 So also you, who appear righteous outside before men, but inside you are filled with hypocrisy and lawlessness. 23:29 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you build the tombs of the prophets, and adorn the sepulchres of the righteous, saying.
23:30 If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have shed the blood of the prophets with them.
23:31 This is how you yourselves have proved to be the children of those who killed the prophets.
23:32 Go and fill yourselves with the evil of your fathers!
23:33 O you serpents, you seed of vipers! How can you escape the punishment of hell?
23:34 Therefore I have sent to you prophets and wise men and scribes, some of you to kill and crucify; some of you to scourge in the synagogues, and to pursue and force from this city to that.
23:35 That the blood of the righteous shed in the world may be upon you, beginning with the blood of Abel the righteous, and ending with the blood of Zechariah the son of Baracca, whom you killed in the temple and in the midst of the altar.
23:36 Verily, verily, I say unto you, All these sins shall be upon this generation.
23:37 O Jerusalem, O Jerusalem! You have often killed the prophets, and stoned those who were sent to you. Many times I have been willing to gather your children as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but you were not willing.
23:38 Behold, your house has become a barren field left to you.

(8) The "Pharisees" were a sect of Jews who practised the Old Testament, which had been popular in Jesus' day, and who exaggerated their respect for the law of "Moses" and demanded full observance by all. The term "Pharisee" is derived from the Hebrew word meaning "separation" and refers to someone who distances himself from the world in order to remain pure; it means: "self-righteousness" resulting from selfishness and narrow-mindedness It means that the "self-righteousness" that results from selfishness and narrow-mindedness is often just a cover for the pride and greed of the Jewish "prophets" and their indifference to the needs of others. The way the "church group" teaches is to interpret the Old Testament literally, so that people take the words of the Bible very seriously and live their lives in strict accordance with the literal meaning of the Bible, and these people become the "Pharisees" of Judaism. All the "Jewish prophets" who practised the Old Testament, from "Ibrahim" (Abraham) to those who preceded Jesus, were "Pharisees" whom Jesus rebuked for promoting demonic indoctrination in the name of God. They were all devilish "Ibs" who promoted the devil's teachings under the guise of God. Do you understand? Brother Muslim.
(9) When you see the words and actions of Jesus rebuking Judaism, you will find the question "Why was Jesus killed by Judaism and what did he say and do that led to his crucifixion". This is a sign that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group, that Jesus overthrew Judaism as a "devilish group" and established Christianity. This is the sign that Jesus ended the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era", this is the sign that Jesus was a "religious revolutionary", this is the sign that caused panic in Judaism and led to the crucifixion of Jesus. This was the reason for the panic in Judaism that led to the crucifixion of Jesus.
(10) Christians became the indoctrination of Christ, the "infallible indoctrination" of God, the "unique Christianity". What does Christ look like? How does one become Christ? It is all in the Book of Revelation. The signs and concrete images of Christ are described in detail in the first and second chapters of the Apocalypse, and if you ignore them, you will become the devil directly, and you will pass on the devil's magic as "the Christian's indoctrination into Christ". The eight signs of Christ: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like a blazing sun, hatred of the Nicolaitans, and a rod of iron.
(11) Knowing that all the "Jewish prophets" who practised the Old Testament before Jesus were "Pharisees" whom Jesus rebuked, and that they were all devilish "Ibrahim" who promoted the devil's teachings under the guise of God, it becomes clear that: "I am not a Pharisee. "Then we will understand that God made the "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament to perform all kinds of farces, so that they could show the true face of the devil "Ibrahim". When we realise that the "Jewish prophets" were the devil's "Ibrahim" who were performing farces in the name of God to promote the devil's indoctrination, we will become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". We are "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". When we invoke the words and actions of Jesus to expose the "prophets of Judaism" for what they really are, and call them "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", we become We are "Christ with a two-edged sword in our mouths and feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron".
(12) Not only "the Lord of the whole world", but "the Lord of the whole universe", is the only God. Only when one becomes "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, and who has received the rod of iron", does one truly "submit to the Lord of the world". Whoever does not become Christ and does not practice Christianity is not and has not "submitted to the Lord of the world". (13) No one knows what "this unique Christianity" is, no one has the words and actions of Jesus who called the "Jewish prophets" "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". The first thing that I would like to say is that I am not "obedient to the Lord of the world", but I am a minion of the devil who is "obedient to the Lord of the world".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 November 2017 10:27 15:20 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











