The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (144-145) Christ like Jesus（Isa） is the "Forbidden Temple"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(144) The place where the Messenger of God spoke of the reasoning behind the return of Christ to the heavens is the Forbidden Temple.

144. "Indeed, We have seen you looking up to the sky repeatedly, so We will turn you to the direction of your delight. Turn your face towards the forbidden temple. Wherever you are, turn your lids to the forbidden temple. Surely those who have received the Scripture know that it is a truth sent down from their Lord, and Allah will never overlook their deeds." (1) After you have accumulated insight for several decades, "you will look up at the sky repeatedly" and find that it is round, and after you have gained the wisdom to be round and unhindered, you will find that everything in the world is changing, and that there are four stages of "becoming, living, deteriorating and emptying", and that there are "Only the sky is eternal and immutable. The sky is the mother who gave birth to the universe, and it is Allah. Allah is the sky, and because it has no direction and no poles, it is an infinite vacuum. The universe and all things in the world are all things born from the infinite vacuum, and all things come from nothing and will eventually return to nothing. Man is an angel from the sky and should, after completing his respective mission, let go of everything and follow the Messenger of God back to his old home in Paradise. If one has such a state of mind, I have indeed seen that you have received revelation from Allah after repeatedly looking up at the sky. If you do not have such a state of mind, and I have indeed seen you repeatedly looking up to the sky and not receiving the revelation of Allah, then you are lacking in knowledge, and you should study again. (2) When you have received the revelation of Allah after "I have indeed seen you looking up to the sky repeatedly", you will have become a saint who is "enlightened", and you will know that there is no particular direction of "the direction of your delight", because you know that Allah has revealed it to you. You will know that there is no specific direction in which you should be heading, because you will know that Allah is infinite, that there are no poles, that He has no fixed place, that He is everywhere. Then you will know that it is not "I will turn you to the direction of your delight" at all, but that your own spiritual state "will turn you to the direction of your delight". You will also know that "I will turn you to the direction of your delight" is a deliberately misleading "test" and that you will easily see through Allah's "test" because you have received a revelation from Allah You have been given the "iron rod" of God, and you have become a "saint like God", that is, a "son of God". You have become the "Son of God", the Christ, and you have been restored to your true nature as an angel, and you are a qualified "Messenger of God".

(3) When you become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", you will know that the true "forbidden temple" is the house of heaven, the house of Paradise, because the house of God is in the sky and not in the world. It is not a particular, man-made "holy temple" on earth. "The place where the Messenger of God preached the truth about the return of Christ to heaven is the "forbidden temple", the "auspicious heavenly house". The reason it is called a "forbidden temple" is to remind Muslims of the taboos and commandments. If one does not know the commandments and eats meat selectively, one is breaking the commandment against killing. The place where those who "do not kill and eat meat, steal, commit adultery, lie or drink" preach the truth that one should become a Christian is the true "forbidden temple". (4) A place that does not preach about becoming a Christian, but about becoming a "servant of God in worship", and yet is named a "forbidden temple", is in fact a place where the devil, "Ibrahim", has taught Muslims to become a "servant of God". "Such a place is in fact a place where the devil, Ibrahim, has been feeding Muslims "ecstasy" and playing the slave. The place where such a person is found is not a "forbidden temple" but a "forbidden place" for the devil, if he has violated any of the "killing and eating of flesh, stealing, adultery, lying and drinking".

(5) We treat animals as brothers and sisters of foreigners, and let them solve their own problems of survival. We Muslims not only do not eat any meat or eggs, but we also do not kill life, and we do not steal, lie, drink or smoke. "A mosque is not a man-made building, but a real person who keeps the commandments is a mosque. The "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca" is not a man-made "mosque" in any place, it is the place where Muhammad preached the doctrine of making Muslims into Christians. Anywhere in the world where there is a place for Muslims to become Christians, that is where Muhammad is, that is the "auspicious house of heaven in Mecca". Is that clear? Muslim brothers. (6) The Al-Aqsa Mosque, located in the south-west corner of the inner courtyard of the Sharif in the eastern part of the Old City in the eastern part of Jerusalem, is the "Far Mosque", the third most sacred mosque in Islam after the Holy Mosque in Mecca and the Prophet's Mosque in Medina. The Arabic word for "Far Mosque" is "Aqsa", which means "very far". It was not built by Suleiman (Solomon, son of David) at all, because both David and Solomon were kidnapped by the Jewish devil group to create a "celebrity effect". Both David and Solomon were puppets kidnapped by the Jewish devilish group to create a "celebrity effect".

(7) "Turn your face away from the forbidden temple" presupposes that one knows what the "forbidden temple" is, and if one does not give a true definition of the "forbidden temple" and misinterprets it, not only will one know what the "forbidden temple" is. If you do not give a true definition of "forbidden temple" and misinterpret it, not only will you not be able to "turn your face to the forbidden temple", but you will "turn your face to the devil's cave" under the guise of "turning your face to the forbidden temple". The Devil's Cave". If you are not alert enough, if you are not a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", you will hastily put the devil "Ibrahim" into the Muslims to give them "ecstasy The devil's "Ibsen" has been giving the Muslims "ecstasy" and playing with their slaves as a "forbidden temple". Therefore, you should define clearly what a "forbidden temple" is and then turn your face towards it. Understand? Muslim brothers. (8) "Kerbai" is the Arabic word for "cube" and is a cube of a temple in the Forbidden City of Mecca. There is nothing magical about it, but its shape serves as a reminder to Muslims to be "square and angular". Do you, Muslims, know what "square and angular" means? If you do not dare to point out the mistakes and incompleteness of the Imam's speech, and if you do not dare to question the "legitimacy" of the Imam's slaughter, then you have not demonstrated This means that you have not shown that you are "square and angular", and that your "kerbai" has become a tool to mislead you into becoming the devil's "Ibrahim".

(9) "Wherever you are, turn your lids to the forbidden temple", meaning: wherever you are, be sensible and sober enough to know that whatever meat and eggs you eat is killing life, and treat any animal as a "brother or sister of five or six years old Treat all animals as "brothers and sisters of five or six years old" and observe the commandments "not to steal, not to commit adultery, not to lie, not to drink, not to smoke". Wherever you are, you must know that "the doctrine of making Muslims Christ to Heaven" is the infallible law of God; any place that does not make Muslims Christ but makes them "pious worshippers" is not only a "forbidden temple" but also a "forbidden temple". A place where Muslims are not allowed to become Christians, but where they are allowed to become "pious worshippers", is not only a "forbidden temple", but also a place where the devil "Ibrahim" plays with his slaves.

(10) Read Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I have given you every vegetable and every seed that is on the earth, and every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel, for food." But you do not know that this is God's "commandment", that this is God's "commandment not to eat meat", that this is God's "command" to "be This means that your master is a "scribe and blind leader who is a hypocrite" and that your "imam group This means that your "imam's group" is the devil's "Ibrahim" group. The fact that you do not take this statement to heart and that you make excuses for your "breaking the fast to kill and eat meat" means that you have become the embodiment of the devil, that you are not "those who have received the Scriptures" and that you are "those who have misinterpreted the Scriptures "You do not know the truth that has been revealed to you from God. (11) If you read the Book of Revelation and do not know the "eight marks of Christ" which it marks, you will not know what "this unique Christianity" is, and you will regard "the Jewish prophets and the Jesus who overthrew the Jewish religion" as the same. This means that you do not know right from wrong, that you do not know what is right and what is wrong, that you are not "those who have received the Scriptures", that you are "those who have misinterpreted them". This means that you are not "those who have received the Scripture", but are "misinterpreters of the Scripture", and that you do not know the truth that has been sent down from God.

(12) "Look up to the sky repeatedly" and you will see that the sky is nothing, infinite, and round, and that the mind of man must have the great wisdom of roundness and unhinderedness, and must know the truth that "out of nothing there is something". "Turn your face towards the "angular cube" (kerbai) in the Temple of the Forbidden, and do not follow blindly what you do on earth. You must be a "righteous man who sees righteousness and is willing to die", and you must expose "falsehood and ugliness" and promote "truth and goodness". (13) "You repeatedly looked up at the sky and the forbidden temple of Kerbai", which is a demonstration of the "roundness of the sky" and an anatomy of the "roundness of the sky". Whether or not you have done so depends on the humility of your own attitude to learning. If you have not done so, you have neglected it, not only because your imam is a "fake scribe and blind leader", but also because you yourself Your servility is greater than your reason, and you are content to act as a "servant of Allah in worship". (14) Allah does not ignore the actions of their "imams", nor does He ignore the actions of you Muslims. They have not understood the Scriptures themselves, let alone become Christ, but have acted as "preachers" and have directly misled Muslims into becoming servants of the devil, "Ibrahim". They are to be "judged and punished". You Muslims have not questioned the misguidance of the Imam, but your blind obedience has made the Imam a great sin and has directly led you to become minions of the devil in his cave; you Muslims have passed on the devil in the guise of faith in God. You Muslims, by passing on the magic of the devil "Ibrahim" under the guise of faith in Allah, commit the mortal sin of "slandering Allah" and you will not escape the punishment of the Fire.

(15) Muslim brothers in the Islamic world, please read the Qur'an as I have interpreted it. Why is there such a great contrast between you and what I have understood? Who is the Messenger of Allah, you or I? (16) Muslim brothers, do you say: Does Muhammad need a "visa" from the embassy if he comes to China? Have I met with Muhammad? What language would I use if I met with Muhammad? Do I need a "translator"? I don't know.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (144) "True knowledge is at the narrow gate", so Jesus said: Enter the narrow gate.

145. "Even if you show those who have received the Scripture by all signs, they will not submit to your orientation, and you will never submit to theirs; each of them keeps his own orientation, and they do not submit to each other. And if, after knowledge has come to you, you submit to their selfish desires, then surely you are an unrighteous person." : (1) It is like going to school, the same textbook, the same teacher, but the exam results vary wildly between classmates. Some of the students who were once classmates died very young, some became rich, and some became beggars. "The situation of those who received the scriptures was the same as that of those who went to school. "There is one version of the sutra, and there are various interpretations of the sutra by those who have received it. (2) Some of the "recipients of the scriptures" do not see the literary devices such as "ellipses, metaphors and refrains" in the scriptures, and they do not feel ashamed of their ignorance. Not only do they not feel ashamed of their ignorance, but they also deny the existence of "ellipsis, metaphor, antithesis", etc. in the scriptures, and blindly believe that there are no "ellipsis, metaphor, antithesis" and other literary devices (2) The Qur'an is a place where the devil has no shame, and he has no shame in being an "Ibrahim".

(3) The Qur'an keeps referring again and again to the characters of Genesis, "Ibrahim (Abraham), Ishmael (Ishmael), Ishmael (Isaac), and Yerushalayim (Jacob)", but not to the Book of Revelation, deliberately hiding "all the signs of Christ "As a result, the vast majority of you have not studied the Book of Revelation at all, let alone know about "all the signs of Christ", because you have been occupied for the most part with "devotional worship". "Even if you show all the signs to those who have received the Scriptures, they will not obey your direction", because he has already accepted the "Scriptures" as misinterpreted by the devil, "Ibrahim", and his direction is His orientation is to become a "devout servant of God", not a Christ like Jesus, so he will not accept "all the signs of Christ" even if you tell him. (4) If you tell him that he is wrong and that he needs to abandon his original orientation of being a "servant of God" and change his orientation to the opposite orientation of being Christ, then he is right. Most people will feel as embarrassed as if you had slapped them in the face, and they will contradict you and slander you as a cult or devil. So don't say straight away that he is wrong or that only ours is right, give him our True Explanation of the Qur'an and let him read it slowly for himself, as much as he can. Only when he asks you why he has become a "devout servant of Allah" and is constantly ill and broke, can you tell him that he has misinterpreted the Qur'an and is going in the wrong direction. Even at this point he will have a trifle of doubt, because becoming a "servant of Allah" is the mainstream of Islam and most people will go back to their old ways. Only a very small minority of the elite are able to get out of their evil caves and turn to the light. The greatest obstacle is the "preconceived knowledge barrier", and it is most difficult to realise one's own mistakes and even more difficult to overcome them.

(5) "They will not submit to your orientation, and you will never submit to theirs" is an illustration of the fact that the "recipients of the Scriptures" have two opposing kinds of people because of differences in understanding, because there is Christ and the devil. There is day and night, heaven and earth, male and female, high and low, long and short, etc. This is what "relativism" is all about. Christ and the devil go to the Qur'an at the same time, and there is a disagreement about the direction of mutual disobedience. Christ is one for hundreds or thousands of years, while the devil is everywhere and countless, hence Jesus' statement "Matthew 7:13 Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and large is the way that leads to perdition, and many enter in; 7:14 and narrow is the gate and small is the way that leads to eternal life, and few find it." (6) Between the righteousness that makes Muslims Christ and the falsehood that makes Muslims "servants of God in worship", these two sects, both believers in God, "keep their own course and do not follow each other", they are "Christ and the devil". They are the antagonistic grouping of "Christ and the devil", which has existed since the beginning of time and will not disappear, but will continue to coexist forever.

(7) The Islamic world is destined to have new knowledge after the "end of the world" (21 December 2012), which is a sign that the "Last Judgement" will begin in full. Without the advent of new knowledge, there will be no Armageddon and Judgement. The coming of the new knowledge to the Islamic world and the overthrowing of the millennium-old falsehoods in the Islamic world is the sign of the full commencement of the Last Judgement. No one or group in the Islamic world can prevent the advent of the Last Day and the Judgement, and certainly not the advent of the new knowledge that has been interpreted from the Holy Qur'an. You can only follow the tide, otherwise you will be swept into the abyss. Open your eyes and see clearly, brother Muslims, and do not disobey the Messenger of Allah. (8) No new knowledge will come to the Islamic world before the end of the world, so you can submit to their selfish desires (of the ecclesiastical groups), you can choose to eat meat and then suffer the corresponding "killing of life", and you can become You can become a "servant of God" and then go to hell. After the "end of the world" (21 December 2012), new knowledge from the Qur'an will come to the Islamic world with the True Explanation of the Qur'an, a sign that the "Last Judgement" of the Islamic world will begin in full. If you are obedient to their selfish desires and stand against the new knowledge revealed in the Qur'an from the perspective of the "old guard, the conservative, the stubborn and the devilish", you have not become the "revolutionaries" of the new trend, the "righteous, the righteous and the righteous". You have not become "revolutionaries" of the new trend, you have not become righteous people who have "sacrificed their lives for righteousness", not only have you not become Christ, but you have become a member of the devilish group that Christ rebukes, then you must be unrighteous and you must be a criminal who will be judged in the "Last Day".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 20 November 2017 16:15 21 15:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei









Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!







