The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3, The Yellow Cow (285) "Ibrahim" also belongs to the "Gods of the heavens"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (285) The devil "Ibrahim" is also one of the "gods of the heavens"
285. "And the messenger was sure of what his Lord had sent down to him, and the believers were sure of it, and all of them were sure of God and his gods, and all the books and all the messengers. (They said): We do not discriminate against any of His messengers. They said: We have obeyed, and we beseech Thee for forgiveness; O our Lord! You are the final return." (1) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and the "gods of the heavens" around Allah are masculine, also called angels; the devil " The devil is also one of the "gods" and is the opposite of the angels; the "angels who save and the devils who harm" are both children of the "Old Mother". They are the children of the "old mother". Thus there are two types of messengers, the "messengers of God" like Christ (the Son of God), and the messengers of the devil "Ibrahim" in the guise of God. (2) The messenger who makes a man a Christ to heaven can be sure that he will be able to pass on the Book that has been sent down to him by his Lord without being misinterpreted, and that the believers who follow him will be sure that the Book will make them a Christ to heaven. The believers who follow him are not convinced that the book will bring them back to God, and so they have to resort to "devotional worship and prayer" to vent their doubts and frustrations.
(3) The "prophets of Judaism" in the devil's group are the "gods of the heavens" of the feminine nature, the "negative figures" of God who open our eyes to the opposite. Without them, we would not know what is "false, ugly and good", we would not have the wisdom to distinguish between "right and wrong", and we would not be able to Therefore, the devil never leaves us and is a "living target and a companion" to test our wisdom. If Muslims do not have a wise teacher to guide them, if they do not discern their wisdom, and if they go straight to the teachings of the Old Testament and take "Abraham" (Ibrahim) as the "saint of the Islamic faith", then they become the devil! (4) The Israelites believe in the "Holy Qur'an". (4) The Israelites believed in these "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) as "his gods of the heavens". Judaism's "belief in God and his gods" predates Christianity and Islam, but the doctrines are diametrically opposed. After the death of Muhammad, Jews entered the Islamic world as imams, so that devils like "Abraham" (Ibrahim) became the "saints of the Islamic faith" and the Old Testament, which created the minions of the devil's cave, became the "classics of the Islamic faith". The Old Testament, which created the minions of the devil's cave, became the "classic of the Islamic faith".
(5) By treating the Old Testament, which should be understood in a "reverse way", as a "straightforward" textbook, the Old Testament has become a classic for the creation of the devil "Ibrahim". The book of Revelation, the heart of the Bible, is not truly understood and becomes a classic of Christ, a "blank sheet of paper". (6) The uneven state of the "messengers" has misinterpreted the classics and made "all the classics" instruments of death. Jesus said "I am the bright morning star", and the Islamic world uses the "new moon" as a symbol, because it is not time for the "Last Judgment" and there is no "sunlight from the east". This is the reason why the classics cannot really be understood, nor can they make people become Christ (the Son of God), nor can they complete their mission and go back to heaven with impunity.
(7) There are two kinds of messengers of God, the "sons of God" who make people into Christ and return to heaven, and the devil "Ibrahim" who makes minions of the devil's cave who only "worship and pray". ". They say, "We do not discriminate against any of his messengers", which means that they have all drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil, "Ibrahim", and are incapable of distinguishing between right and wrong, true and false, and right and wrong. They are all minions of the devil's cave who do not know the difference between truth and falsehood. To have the wisdom to recognize "any messenger", to be able to discriminate and to pay respect, to have such a state of being is "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron". (8) "They say: We do not discriminate against any of His messengers" is a test from God. If you believe it, you are a devil's slave; if you preach it, you are a devil! (9) "They say, "I am a devil.
(9) "They said: We have listened to the teaching of any messenger who did not discriminate against him, which means that your imams are devils and you are all devils and minions, and no matter how much you plead, you will not be forgiven by Allah. (10) "They say: We have listened to the teachings of Christ, we have received the Sun of the East, we have left the Imam who made us not discriminate against any messenger, and we have the power to discriminate against any messenger. "We have the wisdom to discriminate between any messenger and any false one, and to discriminate and respect any messenger with distinction, and we believe that we do not need to ask for forgiveness from You, but You have already forgiven us.
(11) Our Lord is the soul within us that is "one with God"! In this life, by joining the Master and practising the truth that God has made man a Christ, we have brought our "soul" to the level of a "soul" in this life, that is, we have regained our true nature and become (12) Let the soul in this life attain to the state of "soul", that is, to be restored to its original nature, and become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". (12) This is the true final destination for the soul in this life to reach the state of the soul, to complete its mission, and to return to God.
(13) If the imam is a "blind leader" and does not practice the true way of God's making man a Christ, then the "soul" of this life will not reach the "soul" of this life. "He will not be able to become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", he will not be able to fulfil his mission, he will not be able to return to God, and he will not reach his true The final destination will be hell, and this life will be a wasted one, and then we will be reincarnated.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 17 December 2017 9:23 10:47 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









