The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (171-173) misinterpreted the doctrines to become a "meat-eating" devil
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (171) "The disbelievers" are cattle that do not listen to advice
171. "You call the disbelievers like animals that only listen to cries. (They) are deaf, dumb and blind, so they do not understand." (1) The Jews who practised the Old Testament, whom Jesus rebuked, were all "disbelievers", devilish "Ibrahim" who promoted the devil's way in the name of God. (2) Muslims who regard the Old Testament as the "classic of the Islamic faith" and the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (of the Ibrahim family) as the "holy man of the Islamic faith" are "disbelievers". Such Muslims are all "disbelievers" and devilish "Ibrahim" who promote the devil's way in the name of Allah.
(3) In Matthew 23, Jesus scolded the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", causing them to panic and crucify Jesus, showing that all "Jewish prophets" from ancient times to the present day are devils. This shows that all the "Jewish prophets" from time immemorial are devils, and of course all the "Abrahams" (Ibrahim's family) are also devilish "Ibrahimites". It is surprising that Muslims do not understand this, and that they classify the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (the Ibrahim family) as a "saint of the Islamic faith", which means that Muslims have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil "Ibrahim". This means that Muslims have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil "Ibrahim", that the Jewish devil dominates Islam, that the "imam" is a puppet possessed by the Jewish devil to corrupt Islam from within, and that the "pious believers" in the Islamic world It shows that the "pious believers" in the Islamic world are in fact "disbelievers" and that they are all devilish "Ibrahim" who promote the devil's way in the name of Allah. (4) "You call the disbelievers" and tell them that the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (of the Ibrahim family) is listed as a "saint of the Islamic faith". It is wrong to hold the Jewish Old Testament as the "classic of the Islamic faith", no Muslim will pay attention to you, your good advice is like "shouting cattle", they Muslims can hear you make a sound, they do not know what you say, they are deaf, dumb, blind, blind, deaf and dumb. They are deaf, dumb and blind. They are minions who have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil, "Ibrahim", and are devoid of wisdom and humanity, but are all foolish and ignorant and demonic.
(5) The fact that Jesus told the world that Judaism was a devilish group that killed people with the blood of the crucifixion by Judaism, and that Muslims have named the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (the Ibrahim family) as a "saint of the Islamic faith", shows that Muslims are blind, they did not see the crucified Jesus, nor did they see that the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (the Ibrahim family) was an accomplice of the Jews who killed Jesus. The fact that Muslims do not know that the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (the Ibrahim family) was an accomplice of the Jews who killed Jesus shows that Muslims are dumb. The fact that Muslims do not know that Jesus was crucified by Judaism shows that Muslims are deaf. Thus, Muslims who have been misled by the devil, "Ibrahim", are like "animals that only hear cries" and have lost their intelligent humanity, revealing the face of the devil as a beast.

(171) Those who believe in Allah eat vegetarianism and do not eat meat.
172. "O you who believe! Eat of the good food which We have provided for you, and give thanks to Allah, if you worship Him alone." : (1) "22. He has made the earth your seat, and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and by it has come much fruit for your sustenance." Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears fruit with kernels. Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said unto him, He that slayeth Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him. Note: "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold" because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and also killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". "This shows that Jehovah (God) rewards and blesses those who observe the rules of Genesis. (2) O you who believe in the way of Allah! Eat the good "vegetarian" food that Allah has provided for you, and do not kill animals to eat meat for sin, and give thanks to Allah for His mercy if you only worship Allah who "gives birth to life and does not eat food".

(173) Those who eat meat by misinterpreting the Qur'an are devils who destroy life.
173: "He only forbids you to eat dead things, blood, swine's flesh, and animals slaughtered in the name of Allah; and whoever is compelled by circumstances, not of his own free will, and does not overdo it, (though he eats forbidden things), is not guilty. For indeed Allah is Forgiving, Merciful." (1) "He has only forbidden you to eat from dead things, blood, pork, and animals slaughtered in the name of Allah" is a "test" of your wisdom. If you "take the text for what it says", you are "deaf, dumb and blind" and disabled, which means that you are like "animals that only hear cries". (2) "Self-dead animals" and animals that are actively killed are both animals. "The animal that has been killed of its own accord should also be "forbidden to you to eat". With this understanding, one is sane and sensible, a person of high state.
(3) All flesh is nourished by the "blood", and the "blood" is the "mother" of flesh. "Without blood there would be no meat, and blood and meat are inseparable. "Forbid you to eat blood" means "forbid you to eat meat". If you Muslims do not think in this way, if you do not have such an opinion, then you are "deaf, dumb and blind" and disabled, and you are like "cattle that only hear cries".
(4) "Pork" is one of all meats, and if "only pork is forbidden to you", then all other meats should also be "forbidden". If you Muslims do not think in this way, if you do not have such an opinion, then you are "deaf, dumb and blind" and disabled, and you are like "animals that only hear cries". (5) The Muslims only do not eat "pork" but other meats, which is a perversion of the thinking that "the Arab nation is a human being and the rest of the world is not". The "prophets of Judaism" were all devils with such "self-deceiving" thinking. (6) In the Book of Genesis, God gave the word "Abraham" (Ibrahim) the name "prophet", which means "ignorant". The change from "Abram" to "Abraham", which in Chinese means "Abram" is a simpleton, is just a way of using "Chinese "(7) Genesis 4
(7) Genesis 4: Abel "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" to Allah, which is "slaughtering animals in the name of Allah", and "slaughtering animals in the name of Allah This is "slaughtering animals in the name of Allah" and "slaughtering animals in the name of Allah". As a result, Abel, who had slaughtered the animals in the name of Allah, was killed by his brother Cain. The attitude of Allah towards Cain was as follows: "4:15 And the Lord said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign for Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him." This means that the act of "slaughtering an animal in the name of God" is an act of the devil's cruelty to life, something that the "unrighteous" do, and deserves the retribution of being killed by the righteous "for their lives". It is the act of the "unrighteous" that deserves the reward of being killed by the righteous. It is also clear that the "unrighteous" (Abel), who killed the animal in the name of Allah, was a "righteous" person under the protection of Allah. (8) Allah is the Creator of all things, the Giver and the Finisher of life. Animals are not man-made, and man has no right to take their lives. Animals are born of Allah, and Allah does not mutilate them. When humans mutilate animals, the animals will have a grievance and will demand revenge after death. In the eyes of God, animals are "children of God" along with human beings, and they deserve to be punished with their lives if they bully them.
(9) Genesis 4:3 And it came to pass that Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD. 4:4 Abel also offered the firstborn of his flock and the fat of the sheep. The LORD saw Abel and his offering. 4:5 But he did not see Cain and his offering. And Cain was greatly angered and changed his countenance." This is a deliberate "roundabout" by Allah, setting a "trap" for the greedy devil to be deceived by killing the "unrighteous" who "slaughtered the animal in the name of Allah". "Cain, who killed the "unrighteous" (Abel), was protected by God. This is what God has left in the Book of Genesis, and it is a clear statement that "man should be a vegetarian and not kill animals for meat". It is also clear that the "Jewish prophets" who, after Abraham (Ibrahim), "burnt" animals for sacrifice to God were devils who abused God with their words and deeds of mutilation.
(10) If you understand the above, you will know that the so-called "slaughtering of animals in the name of Allah" is the devil's way of saying to Allah, who "requires vegetarianism and does not allow the killing of animals for meat", "Allah, you do not make "those who believe in Allah" all "believers". Allah, did you not tell "those who believe in Allah" to "be vegetarians and not to kill animals for meat"? Do you see? I am deliberately working against you in front of you, and I tell you every time before I "kill an animal for meat" that I make you watch the animal being killed, so that you do not know that we are the devil "Ibrahim" who "kill animals for meat". (11) Do you understand? (11) Do you understand? "Slaughtering animals in the name of Allah" is the devil "Ibrahim" insulting Allah with his actual act of killing life. "What part of the believers are those who "slaughter animals in the name of Allah" and eat meat? Is there anyone who does not know?

(12) "Whoever is compelled by circumstances, not of his own free will, and does not overdo it, (though he eats forbidden things), is not guilty." This phrase is also a "test" to distinguish between "Christ and the devil". The first thing to know is that if you are "involuntary", you have met someone who is "excessive". The "forbidden things to eat" are "meat and eggs, alcohol, tobacco and drugs". Whenever you "eat forbidden things", you are guilty of sin, not "sinless" at all. If you ignore "without sin", you will find excuses to forgive yourself for "eating forbidden things" and you will fall into the devil. (13) "Compelled by circumstances" is when you are faced with a choice between "prohibition and life", when you are asked to choose between "principle and compromise". No matter who you are dealing with, as long as you are "involuntary", you have met someone who has gone too far, and you have taken the forbidden food, which means you have chosen between "forbidden and life". "This means that you have abandoned your principles and chosen to compromise, that you are a coward who fears death, that you are not the Christ who gave up his life for righteousness, that you do not have the righteousness to die, and that you have fallen into the devil.
(14) For the Christ who "gave up his life for righteousness", as Jesus did, "God is indeed forgiving and merciful". For the devil's minion who cannot distinguish between "Abraham and Jesus" as "Christ and the devil", "indeed God is forsaking, indeed He is cold and merciless". For the devil "Ibrahim", who "slaughters animals in the name of Allah", "Allah is indeed forsaken, indeed he is cold and merciless".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 27 November 2017 15:05 min 17:35 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









