The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (101-110) Characterizing Judaism in order to read the Qur'an in its original meaning 4

Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (108) "The Scriptures of Heaven" are the texts that make us Christ in life and return to Heaven in death.
109. "Many of those who believe in the Scripture would like to make you disbelievers after you have believed, because they are cynical about you after the truth has become clear. But forgive them and pardon them until Allah issues a command. Indeed, Allah is all-powerful in all things." (1) Many of those who believe in the Scripture do not know the meaning of the Scripture, the metaphor of the Scripture, or what is distinct from the Scripture. "In short, the majority of people do not know the definition of the Sutra. (2) The "heavenly scriptures" are the classics that make us Christ in life and return to heaven in death. Any scripture that does not make us Christ before we are born and cannot return to heaven after we die is not a "heavenly scripture", but a "pseudo-scripture" or "devil's scripture" that is the opposite of a "heavenly scripture". If we do not know what "apocryphal and demonic scriptures" are, and if we do not know what "heavenly scriptures" are, we will take "apocryphal and demonic scriptures" to be "heavenly scriptures ". (3) What Christ is like and how to become Christ is found in the last book of the Bible, the Book of Revelation. In order to let Muslims know what Christ is like, the Qur'an mentions the events in the Bible in order to guide Muslims to read the Bible, and if Muslims are careful, they can know what Christ is like after reading the Book of Revelation. Only when one knows what Christ is like can one know the core teachings of the Bible, the type of Biblical figures quoted in the Qur'an, and the original meaning of the Qur'an. The Bible has been widely circulated in the Islamic world, and if one does not know that the true core teachings are in the Book of Genesis and Revelation, one cannot know what the "teachings of Christ" are, nor what the "teachings of God" are. (4) He who believes in the Scriptures that make us Christ in life and return to heaven in death is a believer in the Scriptures of heaven, a believer in the Word of God. Those who do not believe in the Book that makes us Christ in life, and those who believe in the Book that makes us "pious servants of God" in life, are muddleheads who have misinterpreted the Book, and have made the Book into something different from the original meaning of the Book. Such a person is a disbeliever who has misinterpreted the Scripture and turned it into a "false scripture" or a "devil's scripture", which is the opposite of its original meaning. The believers are showing the infallibility of God, and the disbelievers are showing the infallibility of the devil, Ibrahim.
(5) Allah and the devil, Ibrahim, are the yin and yang of the Way, just as day and night, man and woman, etc., are opposites and coexist, and do not cease to exist. Allah is the sky in the daytime, nothing at all, nothing at all. The devil is the darkness of the night, a thick envelope, and a clinging to something. (6) It is when we have become Christ, who sees through the falsehood of the world and sees death as death, that we have the power to heal and save people, and we can eliminate all kinds of demons that make people sick. In order to prevent Christ from eradicating them, the fifty kinds of demons will stalk the "believers" and turn them not only into unbelievers but also into "believers". (7) There are many people who would like to see the devil's teachings in the guise of righteousness. (7) There are many who would like to turn you into disbelievers after believing, and those who think this way are the incarnation of the devil, Ibrahim. If you become a Christ like Jesus after you have become believers, after the truth has become known, then the devil's "ebony" teaching (Jewish doctrine) will be exposed and overthrown by you, and this is why many of the incarnations of "ebony" are cynical about you. In order to prevent Christ from being exposed and overthrown, "many of those who believe in the Scriptures would like to make you disbelievers after you have believed", which means that the "Ibrahim" are within Islam. (8) The "Ibrahim" are not only found in Islam, but in any sect in the world. Without them, no one would have become a Christ, and the devil is an indispensable target for Christ's fulfilment.
(9) "But forgive them and pardon them until Allah issues a command. Indeed, Allah is all-powerful in all things" are metaphorical "tests", rhetorical (deliberately saying the opposite), "litmus tests" to test your wisdom. If you believe them, you will become a "shrinking violet" and never become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, having a rod of iron". If you find people who "would have you become disbelievers after believing", and you realise that they are the embodiment of "Ibrahim", you have not forgiven them, you have not forgiven them, and you have not waited until "Allah You did not wait for "Allah's command" to expose and criticise him, and you became "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", and you became "a saint like Allah", and you became the spokesman of Allah. You have become a spokesman for Allah. (10) God is in the heart of each of us, our soul, our conscience. When we attacked Ibrahim, we received a command from Allah to show that we are "one with Him". When we are confronted with the incarnation of the Ibrahim, who "would have you become disbelievers after you have believed", if "you should forgive them and pardon them", then we have lost our conscience and our souls. And if "you should forgive them, forgive them", you have lost your conscience, you have lost your soul, and Allah has become the servant of the "Ibrahim", just as the day has become the night. (11) "Indeed, Allah is all-powerful over all things", for He created all things. All things are changed into all things by various factors, and all things happen in the rule of Allah. The angels and the devil, Ibrahim, are both created by Allah, and Allah cannot prevent the angels from falling into the devil, just as He cannot have night without day, for this is the rule of the universe as established by Allah. (12) "Allah is all-powerful in all things" is broad, relative and conditional, and not absolute.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (110) "Observe your worship and complete your zakat" is a training in the power of meditation.
110: "And keep your worship and complete your zakat. And whatever good you do for yourselves, you will see its reward in Allah. Indeed, Allah is Aware of what you do." (1) The phrase "keep your worship and complete your zakat" appears many times in the Qur'an, and is a special reminder that if one misinterprets the verse, one is mistaking the teachings of 'Ibrahim' for those of Allah. (2) The phrase "to observe worship and complete zakat" is not at all "devotional worship", but rather a training in the power of "keeping one's eyes open to everything", which means not putting anything into perspective. It is the opposite of "devotional worship", which is to "see but not see, hear but not hear". (3) "Keep worship and complete zakat" is not as long as possible, but has a time limit. Jesus wrote in the Book of Revelation: "20:2 He caught the dragon, the ancient serpent, also called the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years. 20:3 And he cast him into the bottomless pit, and closed it, and sealed it with a seal, so that he should not confound the nations again. And when the thousand years are finished, after that it must be released for a time." The term "devil, Satan" is used here as a metaphor for all kinds of delusional thoughts. To "bind it for a thousand years" is to do a one-hour "meditation on delusion" to bring the mind and body into a solid state of mind and to open up great wisdom. If one hour (one thousand years) has passed and one does not stop, and one does not release Satan from his prison, then one will be greedy for "meditation training", and one will become greedy and will be haunted by demons; one will also become drowsy and be haunted by drowsy demons. (4) "Stamina practice" is like "recharging the batteries", which should be "unplugged" at the right time. There is also a peak period for the "essence" response during the "recharge" period, after which it will become exhausted. As the Chinese proverb goes, "Tighten up, slow down, loosen up, not tighten up, not slow down, to succeed.
(5) "And whatever good you do for yourselves, you will find its reward in Allah" is a refrain, not a straightforward statement. The fact that you do not know that this is a "refrain" from Allah means that you do not know what Allah's infallible teaching is. Doing good deeds in order to get something for yourself is not "doing good deeds", it is making a deal with Allah. Allah does not make deals with anyone, because no one can live without Him for a single moment, and anyone who leaves Him for a single moment will die and owe Him a lot. (6) To do good deeds in order to gain something for oneself is not "doing good deeds", it is making a bargain with Allah out of ignorance and not finding its reward with Him. It is not doing good for the sake of gaining something for oneself, but doing good with no desire and no want, that is true 'good' and will find its reward with Allah. (7) "Indeed, Allah is Aware of your deeds", for Allah is the invisible, omnipresent, infinite vacuum.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 21 October 2017 12:05 17 18:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei




Namo Maitreya Buddha!
Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!
Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!
Namo Gong Zhang Zu!
Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (101-110) Characterizing Judaism in order to read the Qur'an in its original meaning 1

Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(101) The time when the Qur'an was completed was "when a messenger was able to confirm all their sayings".
101. "And when a Messenger was able to confirm all their Scriptures and come to them from Allah, a part of those who believe in the Scriptures abandoned the Scriptures of Allah behind them, as if they did not know them." (1) The time when the Qur'an was expounded verse by verse and compiled into the True Exposition of the Qur'an was "when a messenger confirmed all their sayings". When the Muslims saw the true Qur'an, which they had not seen, it was "when the Messenger from Allah came to them", and it was "when the Messenger who had received the mission from Allah and had completed the exposition of the Qur'an came to them and conveyed to them the true teachings of Allah (2) The believers of the Book of God (2) There is a part of the believers in the Qur'an that does not accept the True Exposition of the Qur'an, and abandons the classics of God behind their backs as if they did not know them, because the True Exposition of the Qur'an has overturned their perceptions and overturned the thousand-year old blackmail in the Islamic world. They knew that this man was really the Messenger of God, but they did not want to accept the reality that they had to "start from scratch", because they had already taken the false tradition for the true one, and they had taken the devil "Ibrahim" for the "Prophet" of God. Prophet". This shows that these Muslims have lost their spirituality and humanity and have revealed the satanic nature of the "prophet of Judaism".

(102) "Sulayman" is "Solomon", the son of "David" (Daud)
102. "And they followed the slanderous words of the demons which they read about the right of Suleiman - Suleiman did not apostatize, but the demons did - and they taught magic to men, and taught them the magic of the two Babylonian gods, Harut and Marut. Before they taught anyone, they would say, "We are only testing, so you must not apostatize. So they learned from them magic tricks that could separate husband and wife, but they were not to harm anyone with them without the permission of God. They have learned what is harmful to them and not beneficial to them. They knew for certain that whoever purchased magic would never be blessed in the Hereafter. They have only sold themselves in this way, and what a terrible price! If they had known, (they would not have learned)." (1) "Suleiman" is the "Solomon" of the Old Testament, the son of David. The father of "Suleiman", "Daud", is the "David" of the Old Testament. (2) Jesus died in 30 years, and after his death, he was called "Queen of the Lord". It was in Carthage, North Africa, in the year 397 (427) that the Church established these 27 books as the canon of the New Testament, which were not to be added to or deleted from, and were combined with the 39 books of the Old Testament to form the Bible. Muhammad (21 April 570 - 8 June 632), by that time yes Catholicism was well established and the Bible had long since spread throughout the Arabian Peninsula. The reason why Allah then asked Muhammad to found Islam was because the church group had misinterpreted the original meaning of God and in order to free some people from Christianity, so, Muhammad was asked to found the Qur'an. The Arabs of that era were familiar with the Bible, so the Qur'an frequently features Biblical stories to test people's understanding of the Bible. (3) "David" was the second king of Israel after "Saul", and to know the circumstances under which the first king, "Saul", was born, one must read the Bible 1 Samuel, the 9th book of the Old Testament. 1 Samuel: I. 8:1-3 When Samuel was old, he made his sons teachers of Israel. The name of the first son was Joel, and the name of the second son was Abiathar, and they served as teachers in Beersheba. His sons did not walk in his ways, but were greedy for money, and took bribes, and perverted righteousness. (As long as "prophets" drink wine and eat meat, they are the embodiment of a mean and cruel demon. 2. 8:4 All the elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, saying to him, "You are old, and your son does not walk in your ways. Now make for us a king to rule over us, like the nations." (The Jewish "prophets" were notoriously hated and feared by the people. III.12:1 And Samuel said to all Israel, "I have granted you what you have asked of me, and have made for you a king. (Samuel, the "prophet", was persecuted by public opinion. IV.15:11 "I made Saul king, and I regretted it, because he turned away and did not follow me, and did not keep my commandments." Then Samuel was greatly distressed, and cried to the LORD all the night. (The true nature of the devil. This is why all the "priests" (preachers) bewitch kings with lies and scandalize them with words.) 5. 15:35 Samuel did not see Saul again until the day of his death, but Samuel grieved for Saul because the LORD regretted making him king over Israel. ("Regret" because it was not his intention, but was forced by the people.)
(4) Muslims, do you see clearly? This is the first time you have seen it clearly, isn't it? Because the Bible is so voluminous, if you don't read the Bible in this way, you don't know that the "prophet" is the true face of Satan. If you know the true nature of the "prophets of Judaism", and if you characterise Judaism, you will know why Jesus called the Jewish group "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and why Judaism crucified Jesus. If you characterize Judaism as a devilish group, you will not be moved by the praise of the "Jewish prophets" in the Qur'an, and you will know that this is a deliberate attempt by God to mislead Muslims in order to see which Muslims have the great wisdom to know right from wrong! As a result, almost none of you Muslims have passed the test set by Allah. (5) It is not that Li Huaiju of the Centrist Church is a genius today, it is because Li Huaiju interpreted the Qur'an after 2012, because the "Age of Magic" after the death of Jesus and Muhammad had come to a full end after the "end of the world" and the "Age of Righteousness" had arrived. The "Age of Righteousness" (the dawn of day) had come, and Li Huaiju had not been disturbed by the devil to expound the Bible and the Qur'an. If Li Huaiju had been born before 2012, he would not have been able to do so, because it was the "night time", the "magic age" dominated by the devil, and no matter how talented an angel was, he could only interpret a little bit, and the rest would have been misinterpreted by the devil. The rest is a misinterpretation by the devil.
(6) The Bible was written 397 years after the Lord (427) and was compiled by Christianity under the domination of the Judaizers. I say this for the simple reason that if Christianity had been dominated by the man who became Christ (the Son of God), it would never have included the "Jewish Old Testament" because that is the part that was overthrown by Jesus. If you look at the only part of the New Testament that has not been tampered with, the Book of Revelation, you will see that the New Testament has been added by the "Jewish prophets" and many of the passages are in the tone of the "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament. If Christianity had been dominated by the man who became the Christ (the Son of God), the devilishly added New Testament would not have been edited into a book without sifting through it to remove the adulteration. The Bible became the classic of a devilish group, hiding the fact that the two true scriptures, Genesis and Revelation, had not been tampered with, when in fact it was all ordained by Allah (God, Jehovah). (7) As a result of my interpretation of 1 and 2 Samuel, I discovered many texts in which the "Jewish prophets" insulted "Saul and David". The role of the "prophet" as "pope" is much diminished because Israel is governed by a king, who is "the one who is desired by all and who has the hearts of the people", and who is in charge of military affairs. This would certainly have made the Pope uncomfortable, and seeing the King "build up his success" would have distorted the Prophet's mentality and made him more and more insane. In order to "balance his mind and satisfy his vanity", the "prophet" would certainly have been "fussy" with the king, and all sorts of conflicts would have ensued. It is understandable how the "prophets" would treat the king in order to evaluate him. (8) In the Old Testament era, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "prophets" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" towards the "kings". (8) In Old Testament times, it was not the "kings" who recorded history, but the "prophets" who held a "hatred of power-grabbing" against the "kings", so that the "kings" under the "prophets" had a "moisture "It is inevitable that the kings will appear in the Old Testament according to the likes and dislikes of the prophets. In other words, the kings in the Old Testament were not true to themselves, but were shaped by the prophets according to their preferences. The Bible was written at a time when few people could read and only the "prophets" could write, so the tone of the Bible is that of a "Jewish prophet", indicating that Jewish "prophets" dominated the Bible. The "prophets" of Judaism dominate the Bible.
(9) The succession of "Suleiman" (Solomon) to the throne of "David" (Daud) is found in the 11th book of the Old Testament, 1 Kings: 1:5 Then Adonijah the son of Hagar, who was proud, said, "I shall be king." 1:8 But Zadok the priest, Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, Nathan the prophet, Shechem, Reuel, and the warriors of David did not obey Adonijah. 1:9 One day Adonijah slaughtered oxen and sheep and fatted calves at the rock of Zoheleth, by the side of Herodias, and invited his brothers, the sons of the king, and all the men of Judah who were the king's servants; 1: 10 But Nathan the prophet and Benaiah and the warrior, and Solomon his brother, he did not invite. 1:11 Nathan said to Bathsheba, Solomon's mother, "Have you not heard that Adonijah the son of Hagar has become king? 1:12 Now I can give you an idea to save your life and the life of your son Solomon. 1:13 Go in to King David and say to him, 'O my lord and my king, have you not sworn to your handmaid that your son Solomon will succeed me as king and sit on my throne? How has Adonijah now become king?' 1:14 While you were still speaking with the king, I also went in afterwards and confirmed your words." 1:33 The (Davidic) king said to them, "Lead the servants of your Lord, and make Solomon my son ride on my mule, and send him down to Kishon.1:34 There Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet will anoint him king over Israel. You also are to blow the trumpet and say, 'Long live King Solomon! 1:35 Then he will follow him up, and make him sit on my throne and succeed me as king. I have made him king over Israel and Judah."
(10) "What Suleiman's kingdom power proclaimed" is all sorts of anecdotal information about the miraculous powers of Suleiman (Solomon) to succeed Daud (David) in the prophecy and throne as king. What I have quoted below is "what Suleiman's kingdom authority read": Daud had ascended to the throne of Israel, and Daud's old age caused him to put Suleiman into practice to increase his strength. Suleiman sat on the throne and the Lord gave him extensive power and great honour. The winds all obeyed him unconditionally and did as he commanded. He understood the meaning of the voices of the birds of prey and listened to their conversations, and thus waited for many benefits. He was satisfied with the many tidings brought by the birds of prey. Allah also gave him a discerning eye that could find copper from the ground. Dexterous craftsmen used the copper to make various tools and improve agriculture. The elves also built palaces, statues, pool-like cauldrons and fixed cauldrons as he wished. Suleiman inherited Daud's prophecy and the throne. Allah gave him unprecedented power, taught him the language of the birds of prey, forced the devils to do his bidding and made the winds obey his commands. He listened to the conversation of the birds of prey and told the people what it meant. One day this prophet of God came to a great assembly attended by men, spirits and birds, and they passed through a clearing and came to the Valley of the Ants. He saw from a distance a female ant who was very much afraid of this gathering and feared that his army would trample on them and destroy the anthill. He heard this mother ant warning the other ants, "Go back to your dwellings, lest you be trampled upon and sacrificed by Suleiman's army without knowing it." Suleiman laughed out loud at having understood the words of the mother ant and was glad that he had been enlightened by Allah and had the ability to understand these miracles. He was also amazed that the mother ant knew that he was a prophet and would not deliberately harm other creatures created by Allah. He then asked Allah to accept his thanks, especially for giving him the special ability to create the conditions for them to do good and to show him the right way to do things. He thanked Allah that on the Day of Reckoning he would be one of the servants of the good. (11) The preceding information is not from the Old Testament, but is a fabrication of the "scribes of Islam", who named "Suleiman" (Solomon) as the Prophet of Islam, Suleiman. This indicates that the Jewish "prophets" are dominating Islam. (12) The preceding texts, which show the power of Suleiman (Solomon), are "the reason and proof that Suleiman was given the right to be the king of Israel, and became the king of Israel". If you have read the Bible, you will know that the preceding texts depict something that ordinary people did not have, something that only "Suleiman" (the Jewish prophet) had, and that "Suleiman" was a "prophet" who "united church and state "This is not the real Suleiman (Solomon), but a fabrication of the Prophet of Judaism to propagate (13) Whoever exposes these "prophets" above as "Suleiman" (Solomon)
(13) Whoever exposes the above-mentioned texts of the "scribes of Islam", which express the miraculous powers of Sulayman (Solomon), is following the devil's slanderous statements about the miraculous aspects of Sulayman's state authority. This is all from the point of view of defending Suleiman (Solomon) as the "spokesman" of God, which is the devil's word of the Jewish "prophets". Whoever exposes the above-mentioned texts of the "scribes of Islam", which express the divine power of Sulayman (Solomon), is the "Christ with eyes like a flame". Whoever speaks slanderously of the miraculous things that Suleiman's kingdom proclaims, is "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, a face like the light of the sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has a staff of iron". (14) "Sulayman did not rebel", but in fact "Sulayman did not rebel against the demonic ways of Judaism", because he was a puppet kidnapped by the Jewish "prophets". Not only "Suleiman" (Solomon), but all the kings of the Old Testament were puppets kidnapped by the Jewish "prophets" to promote the "teachings of Judaism". This is the devil's group using the "royal power and celebrity effect" to promote "Jewish doctrine". Chinese Christianity has used the "celebrity effect" to promote "Christianity" (actually Judaism) in the same way as the Old Testament.