The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (23-26) It is the Messenger of God who holds the power of the state
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (23) "Those who have received a portion of the Scripture" are the devils "Ibrahim" who have come from within to corrupt Islam
23. "Have you not seen those who have received a portion of the Scripture? And when they are called to judge a dispute on the basis of the Book of Allah, some of them will not accept His judgment, and they are often opposed to the truth." (1) There are verses in the Bible and the Qur'an in which God has decreed that "vegetarianism is forbidden; meat is forbidden", and some of them are unwilling to accept the verdict of the verse because it does not state it directly, but in a more subtle way, which gives them the opportunity to misinterpret it, and they become devils who often oppose the truth "Imbeciles". (2) The deliberate failure to set "explicit rules" was a "test" set by God to see who would become "the Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron". The result of the imams' "unwillingness to accept the judgement" was also foreseen by God. As a result, almost all the imams chose to become "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", because they ate meat for their "mouths", revealing their demonic nature.
(3) Have you not seen those who have received a portion of the Scriptures? Many of them are devils from within who have corrupted the religion of God's infallibility, "Ibrahim". When they eat meat, are they not killing life? Is that not a demonstration of the true nature of the devil's "weakness"? (4) "Those who have received a portion of the Scripture" are all half-educated, misinterpreting the Scripture, and are "indiscriminate" in Islam, and are all devilish "Ibrahim" who have come to corrupt Islam from within. The Qur'an

(24) The false name of "imam" has deceived their conscience, and they are all "indebted to their conscience".
24. "This is because they say: The Fire will never touch us except on a certain number of days. What they have fabricated has deceived them in their religion." : (1) If you mutilate an animal for meat, you will be mutilated by an animal for meat; this is the rule of the universe set by Allah. It will not spare you from eating meat because you do not know this rule. (2) It is because you yourself, being foolish and ignorant, touched the fire first, and it spread to you by the hand with which you touched them. Whenever you touch the fire first, there will be times when the fire touches you. The Fire will never touch you unless you have not touched it first.
(3) The verse "Ask Allah", which is a "test" from Allah and a "counter-word" that is forbidden, is taught to Muslims as a "prayer (3) The verse "ask Allah", which is a "test" of Allah and a "refrain", is taught to Muslims as a "prayer". The "devotional worship and prayers" are a fabrication of their "law of works", which is the opposite of what God has made the man to be (the law of nothing). This shows that they have gone astray in their religion, that the false name of "imam" has deceived their conscience, that they are all in debt to their "conscience", that they are all "scribes who pretend to be good, blind leaders", and that they are all "devils". They are all "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders" and are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim". (20th 12:00)

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (25) There is no doubt that those who have not become Christ in life will go to the Fire to serve their sentence after death.
25. "And We will gather them together on a Day when there is no doubt, and then everyone will enjoy the full reward of his deeds without loss. And what will happen to them on that Day?" (1) Muslim brothers, you did not become Christ (the Son of God) during your lifetime, a "whirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, a bower", and you did not "worship and pray" at all except with "devotion. You have no sense of "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and you look like sinners who have confessed their sins, which means that you are unquestionably a slave of the devil's cave who is suffering, and there is no doubt that you will die and serve your sentence in the Fire. (2) God's infallible teaching is that man should become a Christ and return to heaven, but your words and deeds of "devotional worship and prayer" do not make him a Christ, but only send him to hell. You should enjoy the full reward of your deeds without wrongdoing. What will happen to you on the Day of Judgement in the Fire? You all know what will happen to you on the Day of Judgement in the Fire, don't you? I do not need to tell you in detail what will happen to you in the Fire.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (26) He who governs the powers of the state is the Messenger of Allah.
26. "Say: O Allah! O Lord of the power of the state! Reward whom Thou wilt, and take away from whom Thou wilt, and exalt whom Thou wilt, and make whom Thou wilt, and make whom Thou wilt, and make whom Thou wilt, and make whom Thou wilt, and make whom Thou wilt, and hold the welfare in Thine hands alone; and Thou art indeed Almighty over all things." : (1) "The power of the State" is the power to govern the State. The authority of the head of state to administer the state is given by God. The one who administers the authority of the state is the Messenger of Allah. (2) To love the Head of State and to follow the policies of the State is to follow the teachings of the Messenger of Allah, which is to follow the teachings of Allah.
(3) Allah rewards the authority of the state to those who "serve the common good" and to those who "sacrifice the small for the great, serve the people and devote their lives to it". (4) God has taken away the power of the state from the "selfish" and from those who "cannot serve the people".
(4) Allah has honoured those who "give up the small for the sake of the great; those who serve the people; those who devote their lives" and those who "serve the world for the common good". (5) Allah has made lowly those who are selfish and self-serving and those who are unable to serve the people.
(6) Welfare is yours alone, and only for those who are good. (7) Indeed, Allah is all-powerful in all things. Only those Muslims who have mastered the essence of all religions, both domestic and foreign, are "all-powerful" and are the children of Allah who will return to Him. To learn only one religion in one lifetime is not a sign of "mastery of one religion", but rather a sign of not understanding one religion, a "selfish and narrow-minded extreme parochialism", and the opposite of the "Almighty This is a sign of a failure to understand a religion, a "selfish and narrow-minded extreme bias", the opposite of the "Almighty" Allah, and a sign that the soul has been wiped out by the magic of the devil, "Ibrahim", and has been reduced to a devilish lackey.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 20 December 2017 11:22 21:53 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (21-22) The Signs of God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (21) "Eat vegetarianism and do not eat meat; let people become Christ to the heavens" is "a sign from Allah".
21. "And to those who disbelieve in the signs of Allah, and kill the prophets in vain, and kill in vain those who are ordained with righteousness, rejoice in them with a painful punishment." (1) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and the "signs of Allah" are the infinite vacuum, the "O", the "circle of infinity "It is the top of the heaven where the soul is. The soul is made to know the soul, and the soul and the soul become "one in heaven", and the soul becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", completing its mission and returning to the Supreme Ultimate. This doctrine of the return of man to the Supreme Being is "the true way of God's making man a Christ to heaven", and is a sign of God's uniqueness. (2) There are two types of "prophets": the true "prophets", who make people become Christ's prophets, and the demonic "Ibrahim", who promote Judaism in the name of God and make people "worship and pray". (2) The devil "Ibrahim", who makes people "worship and pray" in the name of God.
(3) "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis was given the name of "prophet" by God in mockery of his "ignorance" and is a literary "refrain". It is a literary device of "reflexive language", a way of "thinking backwards" to show what the minion of the devil "Ibrahim" is like. The "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) were all demons who killed animals for "burnt offerings" to God, and were all fronts for Allah. "(4) There is no Judaism that is devilish. (4) The absence of proof that Judaism is a devilish group is "killing the prophets in vain". If there is evidence that Judaism is a devilish group, there is no "killing of prophets in vain".
(5) "Eating vegetarianism and not eating meat" is a "sign from Allah". Evidence that Judaism is a devilish group: Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel." This is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" "not to eat meat". This is God's "command and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". Those who do not take this statement seriously and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. The person who kills an animal in sacrifice to God, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill and is a vegetarian". The Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" is the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe the righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to make them learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish, to make them become a farce that "covers their ears and steals their souls". "This is the behaviour and mentality of only a vile and shameless devil. (6) "Eat vegetarianism and not meat" is a "sign from Allah". Evidence that Judaism is a devilish group: Genesis "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." This is because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and also killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep", showing that the LORD rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animal and sacrifice it" to the LORD are under the LORD's special protection. It is stated that those who kill those who take "the flesh of animals" and offer it to Yahweh will be protected by Yahweh.
(7) Evidence that Judaism is a devilish group: Chapter 23 of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament is full of the words and actions of Jesus calling the Judaizers "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", because Jesus saw the words in Genesis 1 and 4 about "forbidding to eat meat; to sacrifice animals to God". This is because Jesus saw the doctrine in Genesis, chapters 1 and 4, that "it is forbidden to eat flesh, and that those who sacrifice animals to God should be killed", which means that Jesus knew that Judaism was a demonic group and launched an attack on it. Jesus used the fact of his crucifixion by Judaism to cry out to the world that "Judaism is a devilish group that harms people". (8) All of these things are evidence that the "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are the demonic "Ibrahim". To classify all the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) as demons is not to kill the prophets in vain, nor to kill in vain those who ordain men with justice, but it is Christ who kills the words and deeds of demons.
(9) To classify Jesus as a "saint of the Islamic faith" alongside the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is to exalt the Jewish demons and at the same time This is evidence that Muslims are "killing the prophets in vain". (10) The Muslims who think that Jesus is one of the "saints of the Islamic faith" alongside the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are (10) The Muslims who think in this way are "those who kill in vain those who are ordained with justice".
(11) The inclusion of the New Testament, which overthrows the Jewish Old Testament, as a "classic of the Islamic faith" is evidence that Muslims are "killing the prophets in vain" by exalting the Jewish devil while degrading and erasing the fact that Jesus is the Christ. (12) Muslims who think that the New Testament, which overthrows the Jewish Old Testament, is also a "classic of the Islamic faith" are "those who kill in vain those who ordain righteousness".
(13) Those who do not believe in the truth of God's unfaithfulness in making man a Christian are those who kill the prophets in vain and those who kill those who are ordained in righteousness, who are all kinds of Jews, who are incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim", and who deserve a painful punishment as a tribute to "faith in God's unfaithfulness in making man a Christian". (14) The misinterpretation of the words of the "Holy Qur'an" and the "Holy Qur'an". (14) Those who misinterpret the Signs of God will "disbelieve in the Signs of God" and will become "those who kill the prophets in vain and those who kill those who are ordained with justice".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (22) Eating meat and disbelieving in Allah makes men the infallible truths of Christ's return to the heavens, and they have no helpers whatsoever.
22. "The good works of such people are utterly ineffective in this world and the Hereafter, and they have no helper by any means." (1) The most precious thing in man is his mind and spirit, and there is no greater good that can be done to make man a Christ to heaven. The promotion of the "infallible truth that God has made man a Christ" and the making of man a Christ is the "greatest good in the world". All other good deeds are insignificant in comparison to the good deed of making a man a Christ. (2) Those who have misinterpreted the Signs of God and do not believe in God's unfailing truth that man should become a Christian are those who have killed the prophets in vain and those who have ordained men with justice. The good works of such people are totally invalid in this world and in the Hereafter, and they have no helpers. (3) Those who do not eat vegetarianism, who eat meat selectively, who promote "devotional worship and prayer", and who reduce Muslims to "those who circle and pay homage, those who abide in piety, and those who bow down", and who do not make any Muslim a Christ (the Son of God), are those who kill the prophets in vain and those who kill those who are ordained in righteousness in vain. They are those who kill in vain the prophets and those who ordain men with justice. The good works of such people are totally invalid in this world and the Hereafter, and they have no helpers whatsoever.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 20 December 2017 9:40 11:20 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











