The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (212-213) The righteous who sacrifice their lives for righteousness take the right path
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (212) Allah will provide for righteous people like Jesus (`Ursa) without measure the years of Paradise
212: "Those who disbelieve and are bewildered by the life of this world, they mock the believers, and on the Day of Resurrection the fearful will be above them; and Allah will provide without measure for those whom He wills." (1) Those who believe in God's unfailing truth are clean people who are completely vegetarian, do not eat meat or eggs, do not steal, do not commit adultery, do not lie, do not drink, do not smoke, have "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in their mouths, feet like bright brass, hate the Nicolaitans, and have received a rod of iron", and are "Christ" who reveals the true nature of the devil and is ready to give up his life for righteousness. The "Son of God" who is ready to give up his life for righteousness. (2) Religious people who have not become vegetarians but still eat meat are disbelievers in the truth of God's infallibility, devils who have corrupted God's infallibility from within, and minions who have no wisdom, who have accepted thieves as their fathers, and who have gone astray.
(3) Those who sacrifice animals to God are devils who slander and abuse God, who does not eat, with words and deeds that are cruel to life. They are not only not believers in the truth of God, but are also devils who mislead the believers to hell under the guise of God, because their attitude to life in this world is not serious and noble, and they have become a devil who has been bewitched by the vile devil and has revealed his devilish nature of cruelty to life. They have become minions of the devil who "take falsehood for truth and wrong for right". They will foolishly mock the "innocence and purity" of the believers, they will mock the "miserable and short-lived" believers who do not enjoy life and do not live long, they will mock the "sons of God" who fear God and do not dare to break their precepts and do not rise to power and wealth. (4) On the Day of Resurrection, the "sons of God" are not allowed to live.
(4) On the Day of Resurrection, "those who disbelieve in God's truth" flock to Hell, and the "sons of God" who fear God are taken by God to Paradise, among the "disbelievers in God's truth". (5) Although Jesus lived only a few years, he was not a man of God. (5) Although Jesus lived only 30 years, he enjoyed an endless life in paradise, which is a sign that "God will provide for whom He wills without measure". He who became a Christ like Jesus, who fought to the death for the glory of the Lord against the devils who corrupted the Lord, and who gave up his life for righteousness like Jesus, is the one whom God "desires", and God will provide for such a righteous person an infinite number of years in heaven. (6) The older a person is in relation to the years of paradise, the more "misery" he will have. Because they are ignorant and do not know how good Paradise is, they are afraid of life and death.

The Qur'an, chapter 2 (213), says that the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous.
213: "The world was originally one people, and afterwards they differed in their beliefs, so Allah sent the prophets as annunciators and warners, and sent down to them the Scripture containing the truth, so that He might judge for the world the right and wrong of what they disputed. But those who had received the Scripture, after the advent of the Scripture, were jealous of each other and disagreed about it, so Allah guided the believers by His will, so that they might understand the truth of what they were disputing. Allah guides those whom He wills to the right path." : (1) The world was originally a single child of Allah's birth, and after coming to the world of men, a number of peoples were formed because of the differences in the regions where they lived, the differences in their customs and habits, and the different inheritances of their distinctive cultures. The different philosophies of a people and the misguidance and corruption of the devil, Ibrahim, have led to differences in their beliefs. (2) In order to ensure that God's unfailing truth would continue to be passed on in the world, God sent many angels to be prophets of the world at different times, as annunciators and warners of God's unfailing truth.
(3) Although the prophets of God were sent in different languages and scripts, the core of their teachings, which contained the truth, were the same, and their meanings were the same in different languages. However, God has not only disguised and concealed the "classics of truth" to varying degrees, but has also used words and literary devices that are not easily understood by ordinary people, so as to conceal the short and shallow truths so tightly that they are not visible to the general public. "(4) The Messenger of God was chosen after a clear and explicit examination. (4) The Messenger of God, through the guidance of his wise teachers and his personal efforts, found a very few "quintessential parts" of the vast number of scriptures on which to base his judgement for the world on the rights and wrongs of their arguments. The one who has found the basis for judging the right and wrong of the world is the Messenger of God, the "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". (5 December 18:50)
(5) The Imam who used the original meaning of the Book of Genesis and Revelation to expose the misinterpretation of the Scriptures as the true face of the devil and revealed the realm of "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has the rod of iron", which is the "clear proof" of the Messenger of God "After this, the vast majority of the unwise conspired with each other to envy the "sons of God" who had received the "clear proof", thus creating a difference of opinion in the understanding of the Scriptures, for the wise were the minority. In the early stages of the process, the believers in the truth of God's infallibility were disadvantaged. (6) In accordance with God's will that his children should be "sons of God" and that no one should be a "servant of the pious", he selectively guided the wise, the just and the righteous to believe in God's infallible truth, so that they could all understand (7) "To break up the evil, and to break up the evil, and to break up the evil, and to break up the evil.
(7) To "break the evil way" is to "go to the right way", and to "go to the right way" is the process of breaking the evil way. Without the words and deeds of "breaking the evil way", there is no "taking the right path". (8) The Imamate has reduced Muslims to the status of "servants of God in worship" and has prevented them from becoming "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". Muslims are not able to see the devil, "Ibrahim", for what he is, and are not able to "break the evil way", nor are they "on the right path", but are ugly lackeys who perform a farce in a devil's cave.
(9) The "breaking of the evil way" will be met with resistance from the devil, "Ibrahim", as in the case of Jesus who was crucified by Judaism for "breaking the evil way of Judaism". Therefore, one cannot "break the path of evil" and "take the right path" without the attitude of sacrificing one's life for righteousness, the courage to die, and the courage to die. (10) Those who are favoured by God, those whom God desires, are the elite of the people, the faithful and filial sons, the "sons of God" like Jesus, who can see not only the devil for what he is, but also the various "tests" of God. Those who have reformed their hearts, who have a clear conscience, who have done what is right, who are willing to die, and who have given up their lives for righteousness, are those whom God sees and desires. Allah guides this elite to the Messenger of Allah, where they undergo systematic training and become, under the guardianship of the Messenger of Allah "This is the true "path of righteousness".
(11) You are on the right path when your master (imam) is the Christ who, like Jesus, rebuked the Jewish prophets as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". If your master (imam) is not a Christ like Jesus, but a "servant of the pious", you are a slave of the devil who has "gone into the devil's cave and recognized the thief as his father". Is that clear? Muslim brothers.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 December 2017 17:30 6 10:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









