The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (101-103) To break evil is to uphold justice
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Know the eight "signs of Christ" in the Book of Revelation, namely, that Jesus is with you, in chapter 3 (101) of the True Exposition of the Qur'an.
101: "And how is it that you do not believe, when you have often heard the signs of God read to you, and the Messenger was with you? Whoever trusts in Allah has indeed been guided to the right path." (1) Jesus is the Messenger of God, and for Muslims to take up the New Testament is for Jesus to be with you, and the infallible teaching of Jesus becoming the Christ back to heaven is all in the Book of Revelation, and Jesus uses a combination of profundity and simplicity so that the "signs of Christ" can be understood by people of all levels of literacy who are interested. If Muslims do not know the eight "signs of Christ" in the Book of Revelation, your imam is a "hypocritical scribe, a blind leader" and a manifestation of the devil's "Ibrahim The "Imbecile" is a sign that the devil is with you. (2) Read the Old Testament and you will find that the "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) were all images of the devil who killed people, and this is a manifestation of the presence of the Messenger of God with you. If you do not find the prophets of Judaism after Abraham (Ibrahim) to be demonic and life-threatening, but consider him to be a "holy man of the Islamic faith", then you are the devil. This is a sign that the devil, Ibrahim, is with you.
(3) Allah is the embodiment of righteousness, and to "trust in Allah" is to worship righteousness, which is to break the manifestation of evil in word and deed. To have words and deeds that break the manifestation of evil is to revere justice and to "trust in Allah". (4) To break the evil path is to be led to the right path. If one does not break the evil path of the devil "Ibrahim", one is not led to the right path.
(5) To rebuke the prophets of Judaism as "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", as Jesus did, is to trust in God and to be guided in the right way. (6) If one does not know where the evidence of the Jewish prophets being the devil "Ibrahim" lies, if one does not know what a "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" is, and if one does not have the wisdom to distinguish between right and wrong, then one has not trusted in God and has not been guided to the right path, and is They are minions of the devil's cave, who have accepted thieves as their fathers.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (102), states that a Muslim becomes a "Christ like Jesus" when he becomes a man of obedience to his Lord.
102. "O you who believe! And fear Allah in truth, unless you become obedient to Him." (1) The punishment for "loving Allah and fearing Him". This is a warning from Allah to the Muslims. If a Muslim is not wise enough to pass on the magic of the devil's "Ibrahim" as the infallible teachings of Allah, he will be guilty of "slandering Allah and harming the lives of people" and will be punished by Allah. So, O you who believe! Open your eyes and see the true face of the Imam. (2) Muslims, under the teaching of their imams, only "worship and pray", and become "swirlers of salutations, devotees and bowers", and none of them become Christ (the Son of God), which means that you have become obedient to your imams.
(3) God made Jesus "crucified" to prove that Judaism is a devilish group, and Muslims consider these "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) This means that Muslims have become submissive to the Jewish devil group and that the blood of Jesus was shed in vain. (4) Muslims have become obedient only when they have become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron". As long as a Muslim does not become a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", he has not become a man of obedience to his Lord, but a devil, "Ibrahim", who disobeys Allah.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (103), insists on the original intention of "becoming the Christ to the heavens" and does not allow the soul to be divided from its life.
103: "And hold fast to the cords of Allah as a whole, and do not divide yourselves. Remember the grace of God which He gave you when you were enemies and He united your hearts, and by His grace you became compatriots; and you were on the brink of a pit of fire, and it was God who delivered you from that pit. Thus Allah has clarified for you His signs, so that you may follow the right path." (1) The "infallible way to become Christ to heaven", as revealed in the Book of Revelation, is "the rope of Allah". The Muslim who becomes "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is "holding on to the rope of Allah". If one does not understand the Book of Revelation, if one does not have the idea of "becoming the Christ and returning to heaven", and if one does not have the "unique awareness of the righteousness of the Law", one misinterprets the "cords of Allah" and cannot "(2) The Muslim has become a "Christian" and a "Christian". (2) A Muslim who becomes a "swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, a bower" is "adhering to the cords of the devil". The way the scriptures are used to make people "worship and pray" is the "rope of the devil".
(3) The original intention of coming into religion was to become "a Christ to heaven". When one becomes a Muslim, one loses all intention of becoming a "Christ-bearer" and becomes a "whirler, a devotee, a bower", one is "splitting oneself". This is to do something contrary to the original intention. (4) Occasionally, when one comes to one's senses and reflects on one's words and actions, one finds that one has gone against one's original intention and remembers that to become "Christ to Heaven" was one's original intention in entering the religion, but one sees that everyone does not have the idea of "becoming Christ to Heaven", but is However, when they saw that all the people did not have the idea of "becoming Christ", but were all "swirlers, devotees and bowers", they abandoned their original intention of "becoming Christ" and became obedient to the imam. This is the "splitting of the soul" (the soul of the human body and the soul of the life are split because of the different realms), and it is a complete "splitting and breaking", from a normal human being to a devil's slave, and the soul that is no different from God is wiped out by the delusion of the life soul, and the life soul shows its full devilishness and becomes a pure devil, "Ibrahim (5) The soul in me is free from the delusion of Allah.
(5) The soul in me, which is one with God, is a gift from God, and without it, we would not be able to become a normal human being in this life, and would die in our mother's womb because we would not have a "fetal heart". Without the oxygen provided by Allah, the lungs would not be able to breathe, and there would be no soul in this life, and we would not be able to be normal in this life, and we would not be able to survive without the "oxygen", so the soul in me is a gift from Allah. (6) The soul that comes from heaven is good, and the ancient Chinese say that "nature is good", referring to the soul. The soul is a human nature called the endowment, and the endowment is pure evil without goodness, and is destructive. Therefore, the soul and the soul of life are "enemies of each other".
(7) The soul provides the soul with wisdom and inspiration, so that the soul may have the wisdom to see through the falsehoods of the world, to think of "becoming Christ and returning to heaven", and to become a religious person, and this is how God unites your hearts, and this is how, by His grace, you become religious. (8) The world of men is a great bed of fire. To become a religious person is to escape from the fire. To become a religious person, without the idea of "becoming a Christ to heaven", and to become a "swirler, a devotee, a bower", is to be in the pit of fire, not knowing where the "golden route, the ladder of heaven" is to leave the pit of fire. This is a sign of being in the pit of fire, of not knowing where the "golden route" out of the fire is, and where the "ladder of heaven" is.
(9) The book of Revelation reveals the "infallible way to become Christ's return to heaven", which is the "edge of the pit of fire". Having the book of the Bible is a manifestation of being on the edge of a pit of fire. To become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" under the guidance of the Master is to reach the "edge of the pit of fire" and to be able to leave that pit of fire on the "Day of Resurrection" by fulfilling the mission of sacrificing one's life for righteousness. (10) Despite the Bible's authority and the fact that it is a "fire-pit", the Bible does not say that the "fire-pit" is a "fire-pit. (10) Although we have the Bible, we do not see the "infallible way to become Christ to heaven" revealed in the Book of Revelation, and we become obedient to the imam, only "worshipping and praying", without the great wisdom to reveal the true nature of the devil. This is a sign of falling from the brink of the Fire into the Fire.
(11) Allah has given you the wisdom to get out of the Fire, but the laziness and greed of your souls have obliterated it, and you have fallen into it from the brink of the Fire. (12) Thus Allah has made clear for you the signs of His "infallible correction", so that you may have the wisdom to recognize the right path and follow it.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 7 January 2018 15:01 17:37 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









