The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (190-193) Those who seek Allah are evil
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (190) God is the Creator of all things
190: "And the creation of the heavens and the earth, and the rotation of the day and the night, there are indeed many signs in it for those who are sensible." : (1) When Allah created the heavens and the earth, He gave birth to the taiji, which manifests itself in every aspect of everything. For example, the day is yang and the night is yin, and the "cycle of the day and the night" means that yin and yang are the opposite of each other. (2) To a sensible person, yin and yang are everywhere, for example: yang is dynamic, positive, male, Christ, right, good, etc., and yin is static, negative, female, evil, wrong, bad, etc. There are indeed many signs in this which indicate that Allah is the Creator who gave birth to all things.

A verse such as this in the True Exposition of the Qur'an, chapter 3 (191) is a "test" of Allah's wisdom
191: "And they stood, and sat, and lay down to remember Allah, and to think of the creation of the heavens and the earth, (and they said): O our Lord! You did not create this world in vain. We praise You beyond all things and ask You to protect us from the punishment of the Fire." : (1) These are the words of the Jewish prophets in the Old Testament, and they are the devil's way of spreading "ecstasy". Do not believe in such verses, they are not the original meaning of God, they are a "test" of God's wisdom. If you practice it, you will not pass the test and you will become a devil's slave who has been eliminated from the right path. If you ask others to practise such a verse, you are a devil, "Ibrahim". (2) We are all gods of the heavens beside Allah, who have become worldly beings with the mission of building a heaven on earth. Allah's infallible teaching is for us to reveal our true nature as heavenly beings, to become the Christ who subdues demons, to fulfil our mission and to return to paradise. We must not only be able to protect ourselves, but also protect others from being compelled and maimed by demons, and protect Allah's glory from being tarnished by demons, so that we can reveal the original face of the God of Heaven and become the Christ who subdues demons, which is what Allah wants. Asking God to protect us is the opposite of being the Christ who smites demons, the image of a trembling minion of the devil's cave, which is what the devil wants and which God abhors. (3) "Freedom from the punishment of the Fire" is not earned by asking Allah to protect us, it is earned by our own words and deeds as the Christ of demons.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (192) As long as we do not abuse ourselves, Allah will not abuse anyone.
192. "O our Lord! Whoever You send to the Fire, You have indeed abused. There is no helper for the unrighteous." (1) It is not Allah who has sent anyone to the Fire, but it is we ourselves who have no great wisdom, who have not overcome our selfish desires, who have not become Christ, and who have sent ourselves to the Fire. (2) Whoever has abused himself, you have indeed abused someone. If we are wise and keep the commandments, and do not abuse ourselves, God will not abuse anyone. (3) In order to prevent us from going to the Fire, Allah sent a messenger to the world to leave a book of scripture. Although the scriptures contain some heavenly information that is not easy to understand, if we are careful, we can find the key to decipher it. (4) He who does not eat meat, does not steal, does not commit adultery, does not speak untruthfully, does not drink, and is a righteous person who sees righteousness and sacrifices his life for righteousness, and it is the righteous who have helpers.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (193) God made Jesus a model of a righteous man
193. "O our Lord! We have indeed heard a caller to righteousness, and (He said): Be sure of your Lord. And we were convinced. O our Lord! Forgive us our sins, remove our transgressions, and make us to die in one place with the righteous." : (1) The opposite of "righteousness" is "superstition", and telling people what "superstition" is is the true call to righteousness. If he does not tell people what "superstition" is, they will not know what "right belief" is, and he will treat "superstition" as "right belief "He is the devil "Ibrahim" who makes people "superstitious" under the guise of "calling them to the righteousness of faith". It has been proved that the more the devil misleads us into "superstition" under the guise of "calling people to righteousness". (2) The opposite of Allah is the devil, and if you do not know what the devil is, you will not be sure of your Lord, and you will be sure of the devil as if you were sure of Allah. He said: Be sure of your Lord. But if you do not know what the devil is, and you are convinced of Allah as he says, you must have been deceived.
(3) The forgiveness of our sins and the elimination of our faults are the result of our words and deeds of reformation and reparation; if we have words and deeds of reformation and reparation, we cannot "forgive our sins and eliminate our faults". (4) If we ourselves take the initiative to become the Christ who rebuked Judaism as a demonic group, we ourselves will be righteous, and we will be able to die with the righteous. Allah will not make you a righteous person like Jesus who rebuked Judaism as a devilish group, nor will He make you a righteous person, nor will He make you die in one place with the righteous. Allah made Jesus a model of a righteous man, it is up to you whether you learn or not, Allah will never command you to learn Jesus.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 8 June 2018 16:58 18:30 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









