The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (177-179) Justice is the exposure of "falsehood and ugliness"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (177) No word or deed that does not expose the "false and ugly" is righteous.
177. "It is not righteousness for you to turn your faces to the East and to the West. Righteousness is believing in God, in the Last Day, in the God of Heaven, in the Scriptures, in the Prophets, and giving what you love to your relatives, orphans, the poor, travellers, beggars, and redeeming slaves, and keeping worship, fulfilling zakat, and fulfilling covenants, and enduring poverty, distress, and war. Such are indeed the faithful; such are indeed the reverent." (1) "Righteousness" has no particular direction, it is the omnipresent righteousness, the words and deeds of the "righteous", the words and deeds that shine through the darkness and foolishness with light and wisdom, that expose the "falsehood and ugliness" of the devil They are the words and deeds of the "righteous", the words and deeds that shine through the darkness and foolishness with light and wisdom, the words and deeds that expose the "falsehood and ugliness" of the devil and reveal the "true beauty" of Christ. If you turn your face to the East or to the West, in either direction, you are not "righteous" as long as you do not do what is "righteous and unselfish" and break the evil ways. (2) To "believe in God" is not to become a "servant of God in worship", but to become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". The fact that you have not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" means that you have not "believed in Allah", for it is Allah's will that Muslims should become "sons of God". The "infallible law". The fact that you do not know what it means for a Muslim to become a "son of God" is an "infallible law" of Allah means that you do not have "faith in Allah" and you can only misinterpret "justice". You can only misinterpret "righteousness" and your "outlook on life and values" will be distorted.
(3) If you do not know that a religious revolution will break out after 21 December 2012, you do not "believe in the end of days". There is no correct "doomsday belief" without knowing that the "Imamate" in the Islamic world will be overthrown by a new religious revolution. There is no correct "doomsday belief" without knowing that the "Imamate" in the Islamic world is in fact a "Jewish and demonic group" under the guise of God. If you do not know that the "Last Judgement" is to overthrow the existing "Imamate" that allows Muslims to worship religiously, you will not have the right "belief in the Last Day". It is not correct to believe in Armageddon until one knows that the composite sect of the Five Religions has replaced the single sect. In short, without a correct "doomsday faith", you can only misinterpret "righteousness" and your "outlook on life and values" will be distorted. (4) If you drink the "ecstasy" of the devil "Ibrahim" and do not know that the family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis are all devils, you will not know that the family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis were all demons, they would not be able to "believe in the God of heaven" because they could not distinguish between "the God of heaven and the devil". The "devil" will be taken as the "god of heaven". If you do not know that Jesus, who was crucified by Judaism, is the "God of Heaven", and if you do not see Judaism as a demonic group, you will not be able to "believe in the God of Heaven" because you cannot distinguish between the "God of Heaven" and the "Devil". If you do not see Judaism as a devilish group, you will not be able to "believe in God" because you cannot distinguish between "God" and "devils", and you will believe in "devils" as "God". If you do not believe in God in a rational and sober manner, you will only misinterpret "justice" and your "outlook on life and values" will be distorted.
(5) Believing in the Bible and the Qur'an, not being able to distinguish the characters in them, and ignoring the fact that the Jewish religion crucified Jesus, one goes so far as to list the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) alongside Jesus (Isa) as the "saints of the Islamic faith". This is a misinterpretation by Muslims of the "heavenly scriptures" and the "magic scriptures" as the "classics of the Islamic faith". "This is a sign that Muslims do not have the right kind of "belief in the Book of God" and can only misinterpret "justice". Your "outlook on life and values" will be distorted. (6) There are two kinds of "prophets", the "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament and the Jesus (Ursa) who overthrew Judaism in the New Testament. Not knowing that the "Jewish prophets" are all devils, but listing the "Jewish prophets" alongside Jesus as the "saints of the Islamic faith" is a misinterpretation by Muslims. "This is a sign that Muslims have misinterpreted the Prophet and are not sober enough to "believe in the Prophet" and therefore Muslims can only misinterpret "justice" and your "outlook on life and values" will be distorted. Your "outlook on life and values" will be distorted.
(7) "And to give to relatives, orphans, the poor, travellers, beggars and redeemed slaves from their beloved possessions" are "small acts of kindness" that everyone can do, and they are small compared to exposing the devil for what he really is and making people Christ. The saving of lives is also in the cause and effect. To save a person's life by using the "non-dual righteousness", so that he can become Christ and return to heaven and never be reincarnated, is the "greatest good under heaven". (8) In the Book of Revelation, "20:3 Cast into the bottomless pit, and shut it up, and seal it with a seal, that it may not confound the nations any more. When the thousand years are finished, it must be released for a time afterwards", this is the "observance of worship" that makes Jesus the Christ, and you do not know the meaning of the book of Revelation, nor do you know what "observance of worship" is. Your Muslim "devotional worship" is a way of becoming a servant of the devil, "Ibrahim", because it is not the "observance" of the stillness of the mind, nor is it the "worship" of shutting down the sense organs. The "worship" is not a way of closing the senses.
(9) To "complete the zakat" is to become the present Christ and then to promote Christianity by exposing the devil's true nature; it is to become, as Jesus did, "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", and to demonstrate Christianity by rebuking the devil's group and by saying and doing things like This is the true "completion of the lesson of heaven", to be Christianized, to die as if to complete the mission and to become the Christ in heaven. You do not know how to become Christ, nor do you have what it takes to "fulfill the zakat". (10) "Fulfilling the covenant" means strictly observing the commandments of "not killing and eating meat, not stealing, not committing adultery, not speaking presumptuously, and not drinking alcohol", so that "I would rather die for keeping the commandments than live for breaking them". They regard animals as "brothers and sisters" and do not kill them for their own survival. All Muslims have misinterpreted God's command to be vegetarian and not to eat meat, and they are all minions of the devil, Ibrahim, and have not "fulfilled their covenant".
(11) To "endure poverty" means not to take "poverty" to heart and not to measure "wealth" in terms of money. The lack of money is not "poverty"; the lack of knowledge is "poverty". We can endure poverty without money, but not poverty without knowledge. "Poverty without money is not shameful, but poverty without knowledge is very shameful. It is shameful not to know that the "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament were all devils in disguise, that is, to be poor "without knowledge". It is a shame not to know that Judaism, which practises the Old Testament, is a demonic group overthrown by Jesus (Ursa), which is "ignorant" and poor. (12) In the face of the "troubles and wars" before you, realise that this is a choice between "life and truth" made by God, depending on whether or not you have the mindset to "give up life for righteousness". It is only when you are prepared to become a "second Jesus" that you will be able to "endure hardship and war". If religious people do not have the mindset of "giving up their lives for righteousness" and are not prepared to become "the second Jesus" at any time, they will become the minions of the devil, "Ibrahim".
(13) Those who explain the terms "righteousness, faith in God, faith in the Last Day, faith in God, faith in the Scriptures, faith in the Prophets, faith in worship, zakat, fulfilment of the covenant, enduring hardship and war" in the form of "relativism" are indeed faithful. Such people are indeed reverent. Otherwise, if they misinterpret these terms, they are the devils who corrupt Islam from within under the guise of Allah, the "Ibrahim".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2, (178) is for those who believe in the Word of God who are just and fair-minded.
178. "O you who believe! This day it is customary for you to pay the murderer for his crime, and the citizen for the citizen, and the slave for the slave, and the woman for the woman. And if there is pardon for the corpse, then one of the parties shall make a claim in accordance with the law, and the other shall make reparation in accordance with the rites, which your Lord has sent down in mitigation and mercy. And afterwards, those who go overboard shall be punished with painful punishment." : (1) One who has a just heart and a fair heart is one who believes in the way of Allah. Those who do not have a just and fair heart are those who believe in the way of the devil. (2) "Now it is your custom to pay the murderer for his sins, the citizen for the citizen, the slave for the slave, and the woman for the woman", which is an indication that no "prayer" can absolve sin, and that the Jewish religion uses animals as "burnt offerings". It is also a statement that the Jewish practice of "burnt offerings" of animals to God in the hope of absolving sins is not approved by God. The Jewish practice of animal "burnt offerings" is a misguided attempt by the devil, "Ibrahim", to "add sin to sin" and to show that the Jewish practitioners of the Old Testament are all devils of the devil's group. This is why Jesus called Judaism "a scribe of hypocrisy and a blind leader". (3) If a corpse does not have an attitude of forgiveness, but the other side exerts pressure through improper actions or bribes the judge, so that an unjust decision is made and the offender goes free, this is a "person who has gone too far", a person who believes in the devil's way, and such a person "will be punished with a painful sentence 179.

179. "O you who are sensible! You have been given life in the law against sin (as a system) so that you may fear." : (1) He who has a just heart and a fair heart is a believer in the way of Allah and is a sensible person. Those who do not have a just and fair heart are those who believe in the way of the devil and are not sensible. (2) The Law of Satisfaction is a provision for the satisfaction of sins by giving compensation to the "injured party" according to ritual. If a person's guilt is forcibly set off by improper means, without his consent, then the "law of satisfaction" is broken, and it is not "life in satisfaction of guilt".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 28 November 2017 11:00 17:10 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









