The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3 The Yellow Cow (257-258) The Soul Dominates the Human Body
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (257) is a "disbeliever" who does not want to become a Christ like Jesus.
257: "Allah is the Blesser of the believers, who brings them from darkness to light, and the Blesser of the disbelievers is the Devil, who brings them from light to darkness. Such are the inhabitants of the Fire, and they will abide therein forever." (1) There are two kinds of "believers": those who "have eyes like a flame of fire and have received a rod of iron" like Jesus, and those who are "servants of God in worship", i.e. The other is a "devout servant of God", a devil's slave who has taken on the role of a thief as his father. (2) A "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron" like Jesus, who defended the glory of the Lord's way from being defiled and corrupted by the devil's group with his life, is a spokesman for God, a messenger of God, and a child of God. (2) Those who believe in Allah's "unfailing truth" are His messengers, His children, and His blessers. (3) Allah has brought the true children of God, who practise the truth of Allah, from the darkness into the light, because the true children of God do not compromise and surrender in the darkness. They are hardened, they have a clear conscience, they are honest. If they are not hardened, if they compromise in the face of strong temptations and pressures, they are servants of the devil and have become corrupt and corrupting demons, and God will not be able to bring them out of the darkness into the light.
(4) The "servants of Allah who worship" do not know what is "the truth of Allah", nor do they know the devil "Ibrahim", who is pervasive, but are "They are "blind" who have been misled by their "blind guides" and are unable to defend the glory of the Word of God with their lives from being defiled and corrupted by the devils. Such "believers" are minions of the devil's cave, who recognize the thief as their father, so that God is not the blesser of the "pious servant of God", but the devil is the blesser of the "pious servant of God". "The servants of Allah are all devilish minions who are possessed by the devil. (5) Those who do not want to become Christ like Jesus are "disbelievers", and their blessers are demons. Their fear of life and death, their inability to sacrifice their lives for righteousness, their lack of righteousness, and their feminine cowardice ultimately lead them from light to darkness.
(6) Those who do not practise God's "infallible way of becoming Christ to heaven" are disbelievers, and their blessers are demons. They are ignorant, they do not accept the "sun of the East", and their blind xenophobia makes them a "colour-blind" people in the darkness of the night where the "new moon" shines. They are "colour-blind", and their "colour-blindness" has led them from light to darkness. Such people are the inhabitants of the hell of fire, and they will live there forever.

The sun rises in the east, a cosmic rule established by God.
258. "Have you not seen that man? Allah rewarded him with the power of the kingdom, so he argued with Ibrahim about his Lord. At that time Ibrahim said: My Lord can make the dead live and can make the living die. He said: I too can cause the dead to live and the living to die. And Ibrahim said: Indeed, Allah can make the sun rise from the east, so make it rise from the west. And that disbeliever was dumbfounded. Allah does not guide the unrighteous people." : (1) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. The name was not "Abraham" but "Abram" at the time when "Allah rewarded him with the power of the kingdom". In Genesis 17, God teases him, "Your name shall no longer be called Abram, but Abraham". (2) The story of "God rewarded him with the power of the kingdom" is found in Genesis 14, and it means, roughly, that the group of four kings fought against the group of five kings; the four kings defeated the five kings; the "four kings" took his nephew into captivity; and when Abram heard that his nephew had been taken into captivity, he led When Abram heard that his nephew had been taken, he led three hundred and eighteen of the best and strongest men he had bred in his house, and pursued them to Dan. And he himself, with a detachment of his servants, defeated the enemy, and pursued them to Hodor, on the left of Damascus, and took back all the goods that had been taken, even his nephew Lot and his goods, and the women and the people. "Abram had defeated the "four kings" and certainly the "five kings" and should have united the "nine kings "He should have united the nine kings. As a result, not only did he fail to unite the nine kings, but he was cheated by the "priest of God" (Melchizedek) out of "a tenth of what he had received". The farce of Abram continued: the "king of Sodom" was one of the "five kings" who had been defeated by the "four kings", and he was afraid that "Abram He was afraid that "Abram" would become the "king of the people of Sodom" and dared to ask Abram directly, "Give me the population"? As a result, not only did Abram not ask for the population of the "kings of Sodom", but he also returned the spoils of war he had received from the "four kings". This shows that Abram was no more a king than any of the "five kings" who were defeated by the "four kings". It shows that he was surprised by his victory and was not confident that he had achieved a great victory. It shows that Abram not only did not have the ambition to unite the territories of the "nine kings", but also did not have the ambition to become "one king", nor did he have the qualifications to become the "father" of a nation, let alone the "father of many nations". He is not qualified to be the "father" of a nation, let alone "the father of many nations". The man "Abram" is the typical "antagonist" that God has left in Genesis, an "ignorant buffoon" whose purpose is to show us his "The purpose of this is to warn us not to follow the same path as Abram and not to perform the same farce that Abram did. Through Abram, Allah tells us that the older a person is, the more "old and foolish" he is, and that we should not believe in the older people. If you have the old-fashioned idea of "valuing the old and despising the new, and respecting the old over the strong", you will be misled by the "old fool".
(3) "Ibrahim said: My Lord is able to bring the dead to life and the living to death. And he said, "I too can bring forth the dead and can cause the living to die." This is a "test question" from Allah to guide you to read Genesis and find out who "Abraham" is. The purpose of this test is to guide you to read the Book of Genesis and find out what the absurdity of "Abraham", the minion of the devil who was given the name of "prophet" by Allah, is. If a Muslim sees that "Abraham" is a devil's slave, he becomes "a Christ with eyes like a flame". If they do not see that "Abraham" is a devil's slave, but think that "the Bible has been tampered with", then the "Muslim scribes" are devils! "Ibn Ibrahim". (12 December 18:30)
(4) We should not focus on the "Ibrahim" but on what he says, for each person in the classics is a teaching tool for Allah's "lectures", and Allah uses each person to convey His teachings by means of his tone of voice. Such words as "My Lord can make the dead live and the living die" are the bluff of an unscrupulous beast, and are the "ecstasy" of the devil, "Ibrahim", for Allah has never Allah has never done anything like "raising the dead from the dead and causing the living to die at will". (5) "The Lord is able to bring the dead to life and the living to death" is a literary metaphor that says that the life and death of man are in the hands of God, that God is the master of life and death, and that all things are in the hands of God; it means that God is the master of this "cycle of life and death" of ours. (6) "He says: "The world of life and death is in the hands of Allah.
(6) "He said, "I am also able to bring forth the dead and to cause the living to die", which means that this man is a "son of God" and therefore he has the power to determine the "cycle of life and death" in the same way as "God". "He is our "soul". (7) The human body can be likened to a "kingdom", and the "kingdom power" is the wisdom of the mind that governs what the human body says and does. "The fact that Allah has given him the power of the kingdom means that Allah has given the "soul" the wisdom of thought to govern the words and actions of the human body. (8) "You did not see the man" means that the "soul" of this life has not seen its own "soul" and does not know who your "soul" is. If you do not know who your "soul" is, you are not a "son of God" and you do not have "the power of God", because your master is not the one who preached by the command of God, which means that your imam is a " blind leader". Not all people are qualified to preach, and not just anyone can become an "imam" and preach the Qur'an to others if they can read and write, but Allah has His own system of teaching, and anyone who is not part of His authorized system of teaching is not qualified to become an "imam" and is a "blind leader". He is a "blind leader" because he has not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". (9) "You did not see the man" in this life means that your "soul" has not seen your "soul" in this life, and after you die and finish your punishment in hell, you will come to this world again. After you die and finish your punishment in hell, you will come back to this world, and this is how "the Lord can bring the dead to life". In this life, when you cast your eyes on the Master, "you saw the man", that is, your "soul" in this life saw your "soul", and you became a "man with eyes You have the power of seeing ghosts and gods, and when you have fulfilled your mission, like Jesus, you will return to heaven and never be reincarnated.

(10) "Ibrahim said: Indeed, God can make the sun rise from the east, so make it rise from the west." One should not focus on "Ibrahim" but on what he says, for everyone in the classics is God! "Allah uses each person to convey His teachings by means of his tone of voice. (11) "Indeed, Allah can make the sun rise from the east", indicating that this is a cosmic rule established by Allah. "Make it rise from the west", which you cannot do, shows that no one can transgress, disobey or modify the rule set by Allah. (12) "The sun rises from the east" is a metaphor for the fact that human civilization originated in the east, that the east was the first to have human civilization, and that the civilization of the east will spread to the west, which is a cosmic rule set by Allah, and that no one can transgress, disobey, or modify the rule set by Allah.
(13) The Chinese interpreted the Bible and also the Qur'an, revealing that "God has made man the true path of Christ to heaven", which Western society had never heard of, and that "the sun has risen in the east". Many unwise people questioned and were jealous of the talents of the Chinese, they complained that God did not favour them, and they tried to contradict the "sun rising from the east" when the "prophet" of the Islamic world gave the "sun rising from the east" as a cosmic rule set by God. "When the Prophet of the Islamic world told those who did not believe in the Universe that the Sun rises from the East, those "frogs in the well" who did not believe in the Universe (14) The whole world knows that "the world" is a "good place". (14) The whole world knows that the sun rises in the east, which is the rule of the universe, and those who do not accept this rule of God can only be psychopaths, beasts, and devils. (15) Seeing that the "sun rises in the east" is a cosmic rule laid down by Allah, one who does not accept this "rule of Allah" can only be a psychopath, a brute, and a devil.
(15) When he saw the sun in the east, he did not accept the rule of God that the sun rises in the east and did not want to leave the darkness of the night under the light of the crescent moon. This is the "unrighteous people" who ignorantly rejected the salvation of the Messenger of God. The unrighteous people are those who are blind, who praise themselves and destroy others, who are selfish and narrow-minded, who are cruel and mean, who are unjust and unable to do what is right. It is not that "Allah does not guide the unrighteous", but that the "unrighteous" are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim", who only lets the devil guide them and not Allah. (16) God guides those who are wise, who are willing to escape from the evil one, who accept the sunlight, who are courageous and who sacrifice their lives for righteousness, in short, God guides those who are righteous, so that they may see the ugliness of the devil "Ibrahim", so that they may meet the Messenger of God and be converted into Christ. They will then meet the Messenger of God and be transformed into Christians and return to heaven.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 December 2017 17:00 13:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









