The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (247-249) All the Persevering are the Sons of God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (247) No one who has not come out of Islam in his life is a "Forgiving, All-knowing".
247. "And their Prophet said to them, "Indeed, Allah has made Talut a king for you. They said: How is he worthy to be our king? We are more worthy to be kings than he is, and besides he has no wealth. He said: Indeed, Allah has chosen him as your leader and has given him knowledge and strength of body. Allah often gives power to those whom He desires. Allah is Generous, All-Knowing." (1) "Their prophet" is the "Samuel" of the ninth book of the Old Testament, 1 Samuel. 1 Samuel chapter 8 (8:1-5) When Samuel was old, he made his sons teachers of Israel. The name of the first son was Joel, and the name of the second son was Abiathar, and they served as teachers in Beersheba. His sons did not practice his ways, but were greedy for money, and took bribes, and perverted righteousness. The elders of Israel gathered together and came to Samuel at Ramah, and said to him, "You are old, and your son has not done your will. Now make for us a king to rule over us, as the nations have done." (8:19-20) The people refused to listen to Samuel, saying, "Otherwise, we will have a king to rule over us, so that we may be like the nations, with a king to rule over us and rule over us and fight for us." (2) The other translation of "Talut" is "Dalut", both of which are Arabic translations of "Saul", the first king of Israel in 1 Samuel, the ninth book of the Old Testament.
(3) "We are more worthy to be kings than he, and he has no rich possessions", which means that "God rewards the kingdom to whom He wills" not on the basis of his "rich possessions" but on the basis of his knowledge. This means that "Allah does not reward the one He desires with the power of a kingdom on the basis of his wealth, but on the basis of his knowledge and physical strength. Many of those who have "rich possessions" have narrow-mindedness, specialist knowledge, but do not have the knowledge or the courage to protect their country and fight in the battlefield, and are not equipped to govern their country. (4) "Allah is the Forgiving, the All-Knowing" and Muslims are also "Forgiving, the All-Knowing" in order to be taught by Allah. However, the fact that you Muslims have not come out of Islam in your lifetime and have not understood the rights and wrongs of the Bible shows that your vision is narrow, that you are ignorant, and that you have not truly accepted the teachings of God, for you are the opposite of the "Generous, All-Knowing God". (5) You, as a Muslim, must have encountered a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader", and your imam (Muslim scribe) may be the devil "Ibrahim". (5) If you, as a Muslim, cannot interpret the Qur'an, you are not "magnanimous and omniscient", which means that you have been in the misconception created by the "Muslim scribes" for a long time. Please reflect on this and escape from your evil ways.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (248) The Jewish "prophets" are all devilish "Ibrahim"
248. "Their prophets said to them: A sign of the power of his kingdom is that the Ark of the Covenant has come to you, and in the Ark of the Covenant is the tranquillity that came down from the Lord, with the relics of the disciples of Musa and the disciples of Harun, and the gods of the heavens are laden with it. For you, there is indeed a sign in this, if you are believers." (1) "Their prophets" are in fact devilish "Ibrahim" under the guise of "the way of the Lord", and it is well known that "prophets The people knew that the "prophets" were "fighting for the prophets" under the guise of "fighting for the Lord", so the "prophets" were abandoned by them and they wanted their own king They wanted their own king to replace the Prophet's dictatorship of church and state and to rid the people of the Prophet's religious blackmail under the guise of God. (2) The Ark of the Covenant was a tool of the Prophet to blackmail the people in disguise, a sign of the authority of the Prophet's "secular pope", and an instrument of deceit that the people were deeply disgusted by.
(3) The Prophet's "coming of the Ark of the Covenant to you" is a sign that the Prophet is blackmailing you under the guise of God, and if you think that "there is peace from the Lord in the Ark of the Covenant", you are being "blackmailed" by the Prophet. If you think that "there is peace from God in the Ark of the Covenant", then you are minions under the spell of the Prophet and the Ark of the Covenant. (4) For the people, there is no peace from the Lord in the ark of the covenant, but only a demonic compulsion. The peace from the Lord in the ark of the covenant belongs only to the "prophets" and not to the people. This is why the people replaced the Prophet with a king.
(5) "Musa" is the "Moses" of Exodus, and "Harun" is the "Aaron" mentioned after the fourth chapter of Exodus. ". All the "prophets" are instruments of demonic possession and demagoguery, and the "relics of Musa's disciples and Harun's disciples" are the devil "Ibrahim". (6) The Ark of the Covenant contained "the relics of the disciples of Musa and the disciples of Harun", which means that the devil "Ibrahim" was present.
(7) The "gods of heaven" are in heaven and will never carry the "ark of the covenant". The "gods of heaven" are invisible to the naked eye, and what the naked eye sees is not the "gods of heaven", but only the image of the "gods of heaven". To treat the images of the gods as if they were invisible to the naked eye is a demonic compulsion to put on another farce to deceive oneself and others. (8) If you are believers in the "Ark of the Covenant", you are minions of the devil under the spell of the "prophets". A sure sign of this is that you have been possessed by the devil, and you have become his spokesmen, and you have become Judaizers.

(249) The "hardy" who cross the river without drinking are sure of meeting Allah in the future
249. "And when Talut led the army, he said: Surely Allah will test you by a river, and whoever drinks from it is not of My people, and whoever does not taste it is indeed of My people. He who holds only a handful of water in his hand (is not considered to have disobeyed the command). And afterwards they all drank of the river, except a few. When he and the believers had crossed the river, they said: Today we are in no way able to oppose Charut and his army. Some of the generals were sure that they would meet Allah in the future, and they said, "A small number of troops, with the help of Allah, often overcomes a large number. And Allah is with the steadfast." (1) In the face of the river before them, "they drank from it except for a few", indicating that the "hardy" were a few and the majority were not "hardy". (2) "They said: Today we are in no way able to oppose Chalut and his army", because among the soldiers of "Talut" (Chalut) there were "hardened men" who crossed the river without drinking water. Such soldiers were invincible "gods of the heavens" and "sons of Christ and God".
(3) "Some of the soldiers" are the "hardy" who cross the river without drinking, and such soldiers are the "gods of the heavens" who are ready to die. The "hardy" who cross the river without drinking are "Christ, the Son of God" and are sure of meeting God in the future. (4) The victory of the few over the many was not due to the blessing of God, but to the perseverance of those who crossed the river without drinking. (5) Allah is eternal and immortal, and is of the same nature as the steadfast, so that Allah is with the steadfast. Those who are not strong-willed, those who surrender, those who compromise, and those who defect to the enemy are the opposite of the "steadfast" and are the devils of the feminine nature, the "Ibrahim".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 11 December 2017 14:55 16:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









