The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Ox (121-125) The Chinese Leading the Way on the World Stage
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(121) He who does not believe in the Qur'an as expounded in China is a loser.
121. "He who has been rewarded by Us with the Scripture and observes it practically is a believer in it. And he who does not believe in it is a loser." (1) He who has received the Chinese Qur'an is the one who has been rewarded by God with the classic "from man to Christ". (2) He who abandons the millennium-old falsehoods of the Islamic world and uses the theory of the True Qur'an to guide his practice, that is, to practically follow it, is a believer in that classic. (3) Those who, with their national and sectarian "tinted glasses", mistakenly believe that foreigners should not know the true meaning of the Islamic world and do not believe in or accept the Chinese Qur'an because it has overturned their perceptions and is revolutionising their lives, and they really do not want to accept it. They do not want to be "revolutionary", and they have abandoned the classics of their time, which God has rewarded them with, and such people do not believe in them.
(4) The Qur'an is an ancient text that is more than a thousand years old, a great treasure that has not really been developed. The Chinese have developed the Qur'an in its entirety with the True Explanation of the Qur'an, revealing all the treasures it contains. (5) Muslims who believe in and practice the True Qur'an are those who have truly received the classic of "man becoming Christ and returning to heaven". The Qur'an, as interpreted by the Islamic world, reduces Muslims to the status of "servants of God in worship", but not to the status of "man becoming Christ and returning to heaven", so this is not the original meaning of God's "transmission of the law to man and returning to heaven". Therefore, this is not the original meaning of Allah's words "to transmit the law to God". Therefore, those who believe in the Qur'an, the true interpretation of the Qur'an, are religious revolutionaries, wise Islamic elites, and "doctors who have studied abroad". (6) Those who do not believe in the Qur'an are not religious revolutionaries, they are not wise Islamic elites, they are not "doctors who have studied abroad", they are "rural illiterates" who have no international outlook, they are They are representatives of the "old-fashioned and backward" who have lost the minimum of human blessings and the opportunity to "acquire new knowledge to make themselves more knowledgeable, more sensible and in the company of the sages".
(7) "Bicycles, automobiles, radios, aeroplanes, mobile phones, computers," and so on, are among the countless new modern technologies that were first invented in foreign countries and were adopted and used by us Chinese after they arrived in China, and we were able to catch up with them, and there was no such thing as "something foreign that the Chinese could not understand or learn. "(8) The Bible and the Qur'an (8) The Bible and the Qur'an have been translated into Chinese for hundreds of years, and as long as the translators have not made any mistakes, the Chinese people can "pick out" the meaning of the scriptures and find out what is "right and wrong" in them. It is much simpler than the microscopic high science of "integrated circuits, radio, atomic bombs" and so on. (9) Since the Third Plenary Session of the Eleventh Central Committee in December 1978, China has been implementing a policy of "internal reform and external opening". By 2008, the Chinese had completed the Western world's two hundred year industrial revolution in thirty years, and had become the United States' number one creditor country. A strong China does not export "hegemonism and imperialism" and advocates the independence and autonomy of all peoples in the world, living in harmony. There is no reason why the Chinese should spend so much time misinterpreting the Qur'an to mislead Muslims! If the Chinese misinterpret the Qur'an, they are, in the old Chinese saying, "harming others to the detriment of themselves". Do you all understand, Muslim brothers of the world?

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (122) "The descendants of Israel" are the descendants of the "sons of God".
122. "O children of Israel! Remember the grace I have bestowed upon you and that I have raised you above the world." : (1) The Chinese exposition of the True Exposition of Genesis "32:28 And the man said, "Let your name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel, for you have prevailed against God and against men." : (a) Man's flesh is made by God, and the wisdom of this life is learned by himself. The fact that man overcomes his fears with the clever wisdom he has learned shows that man is not only flesh but also has a great wisdom that is equal to that of God, and this is "victory in the contest with God". (2) The "struggle with God" is in the sense that he himself, by his wise words and deeds (giving his brother many possessions, addressing him as "master", humbly calling himself "his brother's servant" (c) The fact that the brother had a bad nature of "caring only for what is in front of him and not for his name" overcame his own fears and saved himself from physical calamity. (c) There is a "kinship and subordination" between people, and to be able to use that "kinship and subordination" to dispel one's worries is to have "won the battle with man". (d) "He who has won the battle with God and with men" is "called Israel", that is, "Israel". (5) He who overcomes worry with wisdom and becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", such a person is "victorious in his struggle with God and with men", and such a person " Such a one is "called Israel" and is "Israel". (6) No matter which religion you study, as long as you do not become "the Christ who has abandoned the boat and come ashore", you will have the fear of going to hell, you are "defeated against God and man", you cannot be "called Israel You are not "Israel", you are not "Israel", you are only a slave of the devil. (7) You have not become "Christ who has abandoned the boat and come ashore", and you do not have to worry about going to hell, because you are a "seminary graduate priest", you are a slave and a deceitful instrument who has been deceived by a higher demon, and therefore you are " You cannot be "called Israel", you are not "Israel", you can only be called the devil's lackey and spokesman.
(2) These are the original meaning of "Israel" as I have explained it, which means "Christ", the "Son of God". (3) "The descendants of Israel" are not "the descendants of Jacob", but the descendants of "the Son of God". The Chinese call it the "heir of the dragon", which means the same as "descendants of Israel". The Chinese Taoist word for "dragon" is "the angel who is not different from God", the same word used in the Christian book of Revelation for "Gog". (4) All people in all countries of the world are created by God and are His children. The religions of the nations are the way of return to heaven for God to make us "human beings into Christ" and are "a grace from God to us". If you have not become Christ, you are not on the "way back to heaven". The fact that you have become a "devout servant of God" and have not become Christ means that you have not taken the "path to heaven" and that you have been misled. Muslim brothers, please think about this.
(5) "Remember that We have raised you above the world" means that human society is always developing and progressing, and if there are no descendants to surpass those who have gone before, it means stagnation, being surpassed by foreign countries, and being beaten passively. (6) The "modern tools" we have today, such as cars, aeroplanes, mobile phones, computers, etc., which the ancients did not have, are all signs that "the latter have surpassed the former". (7) Muslims, what would happen to your lives if you were not allowed to use "modern tools" such as cars, planes, mobile phones and computers? Were these "modern tools" first invented in your Islamic world? No, they were not. Although they were not the first to be invented in the Islamic world, they are widely accepted by Muslims for the benefit of Muslims today, which is a sign that Muslims have "surpassed their predecessors" and have not been abandoned by the times. (8) The Qur'an in China is a "modern tool" that was not available to the ancients in the Islamic world, and if you Muslims do not accept the Qur'an as a "modern tool", it is like refusing to use "cars, airplanes, mobile phones and computers". If you Muslims do not accept the Qur'an as a "modern tool", it is like refusing to use "cars", "planes", "mobile phones", "computers", etc. What kind of a person are you, Muslim brothers? Choose for yourselves.

(122) To kill an animal and eat its flesh is to eat "the flesh of our brothers and sisters".
123: "And beware of a future day when no one will be able to do a single favour for anyone, and no ransom will be accepted from anyone, and no intercession will be of benefit to anyone, nor will they be assisted." (1) The situation of "such a day" refers to the "afterlife" of each of us. (2) When each of us "dies", we will have the final outcome of what we have done in our lives and will be judged in the final and just way. At this point, none of us can do anything to help anyone who has died, no one's ransom will be accepted by the "prison officials", no intercession will be of benefit to anyone who has died, and no assistance will be given to them. (3) Muslims have always been "pious servants of God" without any semblance of being "sons of God" and do not dare to assume the status of "sons of God who are like God". You will not be able to reach Paradise, but will go to the Fire, because you have not received the true teachings of God and are a devil's servant misled by the devil, "Ibrahim". (4) In your lifetime, you passed on the teachings of the devil "Ibrahim" in the guise of Allah and were a "servant of Allah in worship", and you are guilty of "slandering the righteousness of Allah". This is one of the reasons why you were sentenced to the Fire. If you make someone else believe in the devil, Ibrahim, and make them a "servant of God", you are not only guilty of "slandering the righteousness of God" but also of "harming the lives of others". You have not only sinned against the righteousness of God, but you have also sinned against the wisdom of others. The accumulation of these sins by Muslims through falsehood will lead to "karmic retribution" and the outbreak of "plagues and wars" in the world.
(5) Let us go back to Genesis "1:27 And God created man in his own image, male and female in his image. 1:28 And God blessed them, and said to them, "Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth, and rule over it; and over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over every living creature that moves on the earth. 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears fruit with kernels. 1:30 As for the beasts of the earth and the birds of the air, and every living thing that creeps on the earth, I give them green herbs for food. And so it came to pass." Did you see that? Not one half of a word about people being told to eat meat. (6) Genesis "4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Sevenfold shall be the recompense of every man that slayeth Cain. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": (a) "And he who kills Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it as an offering to the LORD", and also killed This is because "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD" and killed "Abel", his brother, who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep", showing that the LORD rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill the LORD with the "flesh of the animals" are under His protection. (b) "Then the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and also killed "the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". The killing of "Abel", the brother who "offered the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the lamb", shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice them" to Yahweh will be given priority protection by Yahweh.
(7) Muslim brothers, do you see clearly? The killing of an animal is as great a crime as murder, and is punishable by death! Therefore, "it is permissible to kill an animal in the name of Allah" is a test for Muslims to see how far you have understood the teachings of Allah. The devil in the guise of Allah, 'Ibrahim', has interpreted the Qur'an and told Muslims to "slaughter animals in the name of Allah", which is in fact an insult to Allah's face and a sign that the devil has misled Muslims and made them minions of the devil. (8) All animals, whatever they are, are created by Allah and are our brothers and sisters, and we should take care of them and let them solve their own problems and help them as much as we can to survive. Killing animals for meat is eating "the flesh of our brothers and sisters", and when these sins accumulate to a certain stage, "karma" will result, and "plagues and wars" will break out in the world.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (124) "Ibrahim" is the "unrighteous one" whom God has revealed by means of "reverse thinking"
124: "Then the Lord of Ibrahim tested him with certain commandments, and he put them into practice. He said: I will surely appoint you as a teacher of the servants. And Ibrahim said: Shall a part of my descendants also be teachers of men? He said, "My appointments do not include the unrighteous people." (1) The first thing to know about the Bible is that Judaism is a demonic group that was overthrown by Jesus, and that the "Jewish prophets" are all incarnations of Satan. (2) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Old Testament, the "Jewish prophet" of Genesis. If we read the book of Genesis, we will see that "Abraham" was the first "minion of the devil" that God created. The "Lord of Ibrahim" is not the true God at all, but a devil in the guise of God. (3) "The Lord of Ibrahim tested him with a number of commandments", all of which he misunderstood, thus depriving him of his normal human reasoning and causing him to misjudge due to greed. (4) He did not really practise those commandments at all, but misinterpreted them.
(5) Genesis "17:1 And when Abram was ninety-nine years old, the LORD appeared to him and said to him, I am God Almighty; be thou perfect before me. 17:10 And all you men shall be circumcised, and this is the covenant that I have made with you, and with your seed, which you shall keep": (a) If you If you were not a fool, if you were a sane and sober person, you would know that "circumcision" (male circumcision) destroys the "perfection" of man and that the "circumcised" man is not a "perfect man". The "circumcised" person is not a "perfect man". (b) "All you men shall be circumcised" is the opposite of the previous statement, "Be perfect before me", so this is a major "test, trial". Oh, one can imagine that Abraham, the "fool", would have done as he was told. He didn't even hear that the Lord was saying this was a "test" and not really asking him to "circumcise the foreskin". (c) "Be perfect before me, and I will make a covenant with you", "All you men shall be circumcised", none of you are "perfect" anymore. "I will not make a covenant with you", because you have "broken the covenant and broken the covenant". (d) "All you men shall be circumcised, and this is the covenant that I have made with you and with your descendants", a "test" to determine the extent of Abraham's foolishness. ", Abraham, the "fool", forgot about the "perfect man" mentioned earlier, and did not consider that "circumcision" would not be a "perfect man". He did not take into account the fact that "cutting off the foreskin" would not make him a "perfect man", and he did as he was told. (5) Think about this: What did Yahweh need to "cut off the skin of the manhood" for? The "circumcision" did not guarantee that they would "eat meat, steal, drink wine, commit adultery, or lie". Nor does "circumcision" guarantee that they will become Christ like Jesus, or that they will live forever in heaven. Does not the "circumcision" "tease" the fool?
(5) "He said, "I will surely appoint you as a teacher for all my servants" means that the devil in the guise of Jehovah said, "I will surely appoint you as an object of study for all my servants. This means that the devil in the guise of Jehovah says, "I will surely appoint you as an object of study for all the servants. (6) What is "the righteous and the unrighteous"? In Genesis 4, "Cain", who was protected by Yahweh, was the "righteous" and "Abel", who was killed by "Cain", was the "unrighteous". "Abel", who was killed by "Cain", is "the unrighteous". (7) Allah says, "My appointments do not include the unrighteous", meaning that those who are the teachers of the servants are the "righteous" like "Cain", not those who were killed by "Cain". (8) "Abel" was a "righteous man" like "Cain", not an "unrighteous man" like "Abel", who was killed by "Cain". (8) "Abraham" and his descendants were "unrighteous people" like "Abel" (who took "animal flesh and sacrificed it" to the Lord). "Therefore, they are not included in the appointments of Allah. They are all minions appointed by Satan and the devil to promote the devil's teachings under the guise of Allah.

Chapter 2 (125) of the True Exposition of the Qur'an, "Ibrahim's Worship", is a devil's indoctrination
125. "Then We made the house of the heavens a place of rest and tranquillity for all people. And you shall worship in the place of Ibrahim. And We commanded Ibrahim and Ishmael to say: you two shall cleanse My house for those who whirl around and pay homage, for those who dwell piously, and for those who bow down and bow down." (1) "The house of heaven" is the house of the old home in heaven. "I have made the house of heaven the place of return and the place of peace for all people" means that God has taught the world that man is from heaven and should return to his home in heaven as the final "place of return and the place of peace" in life. (2) A hundred years of life is a short period of time, but the home in paradise is a permanent period of time. Only by doing so can we realise the highest value of life, which is the "outlook and values of life" that we should have. If one does not have such a "outlook and values", one is a devil's lackey misled by the devil "Ibrahim". (3) Only by becoming a Christ like Jesus, who called the Jewish community "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", will a person be able to return to his home in heaven after a hundred years. Any religious person who does not become a Christ like Jesus, but instead becomes a "prophet" in the sense of "Ibrahim and Musa" in the Old Testament, is a devil's lackey who has been misled by the devil "Ibrahim". (4) Let us read the book of Genesis.
(4) If we read the book of Genesis, we will find that "Ibrahim" (Abraham) had no real "foothold" at all. From "Ibrahim" (Abraham) to Musa (Moses), they had no real "foothold" at all and lived as a "nomadic tribe". Therefore, the phrase "worship in the land of Ibrahim" does not mean that Muslims should learn the form of "worship in the land of Ibrahim" at all, but rather that they should not learn the form of "worship in Ibrahim "(5) Muslims, do not learn the form of "Ibrahim's place of worship", because Ibrahim was a misguided slave of the devil, who for generations had no real "place of worship" and lived a nomadic life. (5) Muslims, do not learn the form of "Ibrahim's worship", for it is not the teaching of God, but the teaching of the devil that has led to generations of people not having a true "foothold". Do you understand, brother Muslims?
(6) In Genesis 16-21, it is written that Hagar was an Egyptian maid belonging to Sarai, who, being barren, gave her to her husband Abraham as a concubine and gave birth to a son named "Ishmael" (Ishmael), which means "God heard". "For the Lord has heard your affliction. When Sarai had a son, he expelled Hagar. Genesis 21:9 At that time, when Sarai saw Hagar the Egyptian teasing the son born to Abraham, 21:10 he said to Abraham, "Cast out this ambassadoress and her son! 21:14 And Abraham arose early in the morning, and took bread and a sack of water, and gave it to Hagar, and put it on her shoulder, and gave her the child, and sent her away. So Hagar went away and lost her way in the wilderness of Beersheba. (7) "Abraham" (Ibrahim) listened to the devil in the guise of Yahweh and rashly expelled "Yishmael", mother and son, from his house. "Not only was he not a "righteous man", but he was also an "unrighteous man" who was worse than a beast. How could a man like him be a "prophet"? In fact, Jehovah's giving him the name "prophet" was sarcastic, calling him an "ignorant, stupid pig". All those who did not see the sarcasm, but believed it, were unwise minions of the devil.
(8) If we read the book of Genesis, we will see that the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) were all minions who were abused by the devil in the guise of Yahweh, puppets who had lost their normal wisdom and were "confused, unable to distinguish between right and wrong". They are not intelligent, sane and sane people at all. Many "Islamic scribes" only say that "Ishmael" (Ishmael) was the son of "Abraham" (Ibrahim), but not that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) was the son of "Ishmael" (Ishmael). This shows that the so-called "Islamic scribes (9) "I ordered Ibrahim to be a slave of the devil. (9) The original meaning of "We ordered Ibrahim and Ishmael to say" is not only "what was said", but also to guide Muslims to read the Book of Genesis and to see how "Abraham" (Ibrahim) expelled the "beast". Ibrahim) to see what you think of Abraham (Ibrahim), the "prophet" of the Lord, when he expelled the mother and son of Yisma'il. As it turned out, none of you thought that Abraham (Ibrahim) had done anything wrong, because you had always regarded Abraham (Ibrahim) as a "prophet". No one dares to disprove your millennium-old blackmail, and no one dares to regard "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the "prophet" of Yahweh, as the devil's lackey, which means that you have not had a true thinker or a "religious revolutionary" for more than a thousand years. Is it a tragedy for the Islamic world that you have not had a true thinker, a "religious revolutionary", to awaken you from your misconceptions for over a thousand years?
(10) "Those who whirl around and pay homage, those who stay in devotion and those who bow down" are all devilish lackeys who have been misled by the devil, Ibrahim. A room full of people, all of whom are "whirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing", are devilish lackeys who have been misled by the devil's "Ibrahim" and have defiled the clean house of God, so that God cannot bear the devil's foul breath and has to turn away from them. The houses of those who "whirled around and paid homage, and those who stayed and bowed down" have become a devil's den. The places where the religious people "whirl around and pay homage, stay and bow down" are the devil's caves where the devil plays with his minions in the name of Allah. (11) I hope that those who "whirl around and pay homage, abide in piety and bow down" will read the Book of Genesis and read the story of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) who expelled his own son, "Yismael After reading the story of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) expelling his own son, "Ishmael", you will be able to wake up to the fact that the "prophets" in Genesis are actually God's "minions of the devil", and become a Christ like Jesus, like Jesus To persuade all Muslims to stop being "circlers and saluters, pious abiders and bowers", because such "piety" will not return to God until they die without becoming Christ, is not the teaching of God at all, but the teaching of the devil. A Muslim who ceases to be a "whirling salutatorian, a pious abbot and a bowing bowler" and becomes a Christ like Jesus will have truly "cleansed the house of God" and will be filled with the Holy Spirit of God so that he can return to the "heavenly room" after a hundred years. "(12) Allah commands the writing of the Scriptures. (12) God ordered those who wrote the Scriptures to include the story of "Ibrahim and Ishmael", father and son, in the Book of Genesis, in order to show us the true nature of "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the "devil's slave (Ibrahim and Ezra), the "devil's slave", was to show us the true nature of "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the "Christ with eyes like a flame". (Ibrahim and Ishmael) You two should be a reminder to the "one who circles and salutes, the one who abides in piety, the one who bows down", and then cleanse my house and become Christ and return to God. Do you understand now? Muslim brothers.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 November 2017 14:46 11 19:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









