The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (168-170) The Explicit Rule of "Vegetarianism and the Prohibition of Meat"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (168) Those who eat meat are devils who follow the steps of the devil
168. "O people! Eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, and do not follow the steps of the devil, for he is your clear enemy." (1) "22. He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and he sends down rain from the clouds, and by it he produces much fruit for your sustenance." Open your eyes, Muslims, and see clearly that the phrase "bring forth much fruit by the rain for your sustenance" means that all plants are "lawful and good food" for human beings to eat. (2) Muslims, as long as you are not animals, should know that "the rain brings forth much fruit for your sustenance", which is a clear command from God that Muslims should "eat vegetarianism and not eat meat". If you do not think that this is a clear command from Allah that Muslims should eat vegetarianism and not eat meat, then you are all devils and "Ibrahim".
(3) Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I have given you every vegetable and every seed-bearing vegetable on the earth, and every tree that bears fruit with a kernel, for food." This is God's "commandment" to "not eat meat" and it is God's "command and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism ". Those who do not take these words to heart and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. He who kills an animal for God's sacrifice, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill and is a vegetarian". Do you understand, Muslim brothers? (4) Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." Note: "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold" because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and also killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep "This shows that Jehovah (God) rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take the "flesh of the animal and sacrifice it" to Yahweh are given priority protection by Yahweh (God). Muslim brothers, this is a clear statement that "it is not lawful to eat meat", do you understand? If you still think that it is lawful for Muslims to eat meat, then you are all pure devils, "Ibn Ibrahim".
(5) For God has told you before that "the rain brings forth much fruit for your sustenance", which means that only the rain brings forth much fruit, which is "lawful and good food". If you not only eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, but also kill animals and eat their flesh, you are following in the footsteps of the devil, for all devils are flesh-eating animals. (6) When a flesh-eating animal eats the flesh of the weak, it will itself be eaten by the strong, and will suffer its own "retribution for killing others". The killing of animals for meat is bullying, and you will suffer the corresponding retribution.
(7) Meat products and eggs are high in fat and cholesterol, which thicken blood lipids and prevent blood vessels from flowing smoothly, thus causing various diseases. Painful illnesses and surgical operations are all signs of suffering from the present. (8) Animals are not man-made and man does not have the right to take their lives. Animals are born of God, and God does not mutilate them. When humans mutilate animals, the animals will have a grievance and will demand retribution after death. In the eyes of Allah, animals and humans are one life, and if humans bully them and kill them, they should pay with their lives.
(9) Because man eats all kinds of animals, there are various kinds of animal punishments in hell. For example, the "chicken hell" is a punishment for those who ate chicken during their lifetime. The number of bites of chicken eaten in life is recorded by the civil servants in hell. The punishment is based on the rule of "one bite, ten bites back". The souls of those who ate chicken in their lifetime are taken to the "chicken hell", where the civil servant who carries out the punishment is an iron cock with a bronze beak and steel teeth. The rooster pecked away the flesh and entrails of the sinful soul with his bronze beak and steel teeth, leaving the soul to recover at night and to be tortured again the next day until the punishment was complete. Each bite from the iron cock causes the soul to scream in agony. The rest of the "lamb hell, beef hell", etc., are the same. In short, whatever meat you have eaten in your lifetime will be punished, and this is "balance, retribution". (10) Muslim brothers, the book that shows the punishment of hell is called "Travels in Hell", which you do not have in the Islamic world, you only have a copy of the Qur'an, and even if you had this book you would not read it, because the Imam does not give you the opportunity to "study abroad, broaden your horizons and surpass them". (26th 18:00)

Chapter 2 (169) of the True Exposition of the Qur'an lists "Ibrahim" as a "saint of the Islamic faith" who has done "sins and scandals".
169: "He commands you only with sins and scandals, and teaches you to speak in the name of Allah what you do not know." (1) Religious people do "sins and scandals" when they kill animals for meat in their mouths. Religious people who do not allow believers to become Christ and return to heaven, but only make them "worship piously", are doing "sins and scandals". These two "sins and scandals" are the heaviest and greatest of all the "sins and scandals" and are punishable as animals in hell for a long time to come. (2) "Say what you do not know in the name of Allah" because you have been deceived and do not know it, thus inverting your "outlook on life and values" and not even knowing that you have done the opposite.
(3) The one who ordered you to do "sins and scandals" is not the Messenger of God, but the devil "Ibrahim", who is the opposite of the Messenger of God. (4) Those who misinterpret the Qur'anic verses, who have not become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", who do not know what the Messenger of God and the Messenger of the Devil are, and who do not know what kind of imams are messengers of the Devil, are minions ordered by the Devil and will "(5) Failure to understand the words of the Book of Genesis.
(5) The reason for the hasty inclusion of the Prophet of Abraham (the family of Ibrahim) as a "saint of the Islamic faith" without understanding the original meaning of the Book of Genesis is that you were commanded by the Jews in the name of Allah to do evil and scandalous things, and you obeyed blindly. So you all learned to speak in the name of Allah what you did not know. (6) The fact that you ignore the fact that Jesus was crucified by Judaism, and still list the Old Testament, which Judaism practises, as a "classic of the Islamic faith", means that you are carrying out the orders of the Judaizers in the guise of Allah, and that the Judaizers in the guise of Allah command you with sins and scandals, and you follow them blindly, and so And you have all learned to speak in the name of Allah what you do not know.

(170) The Qur'an as interpreted by the Chinese is the legacy of the ancestors of Islam
170. "They were advised to say, "Observe what Allah has sent down to you. Then they said, "Otherwise, we will follow the legacy of our ancestors. Even if their ancestors were ignorant and ignorant and did not follow the right path (they would still follow their legacy)?" (1) We know, through the Scripture of Allah, that Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe and is the only, incomparable, infinite vacuum, and that all things are All things are the sons and daughters of Allah. Allah set up the religion in order to bring us back to heaven and "revealed it as a classic of Christ's return to heaven". (2) When we believe in the Qur'an and see the reference to "Abraham" (the family of Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis, we should read the Book of Genesis carefully and give a clear characterisation of "Ibrahim" as the incarnation of the devil, because the Book of Genesis places The book of Genesis exposes "Abraham" (Ibrahim's family) for the lying, deceitful liars that they are, and although God has given "Abraham" the title of "prophet", it is actually Although Allah gave "Abraham" the title of "Prophet", it was in fact a "refrain" that mocked him, the devil, for his "ignorance".
(3) After reading through the Book of Genesis and knowing that "Abraham" (Ibrahim's family) were all liars and deceivers, and revealing that "Abraham" (Ibrahim's family) were all devils for what they really were, it became a case of " The Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". Do you all understand, Muslim brothers? (4) Through the story of the crucifixion of Jesus by Judaism, the "prophets of Judaism" who practise the Old Testament are regarded as devils who come from within under the guise of God to corrupt His teachings, that is, to "observe the Book of God". If one ignores the crucifixion of Jesus by Judaism and considers all the Jewish "Abrahams" (the Ibrahim family) as "saints of the Islamic faith", this means that the Jewish people in the guise of Allah have become the "imams" of the Islamic world. "This means that none of the "imams" are "following the Book of God", but are "following the Book of the Devil (5) Became a "watchful eye".
(5) To be a "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has been given a rod of iron" is to "observe what God has revealed". He who has not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, whose mouth is like a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received the iron rod" has not "kept what God has revealed". (6) To "break the evil way" means to reveal the true nature of the church group that makes Muslims "devout in worship" and to reveal the true nature of "Christ, who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron", which is The "observance of the Book of God". The church group that does not dare to reveal the true nature of the "Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and is willingly a "servant of God in worship" is not "observing what God has revealed". "(7) After the death of Muhammad, the church group did not reveal the true nature of Christ, who had "eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", but was a willing servant of God, and did not "observe what God has revealed".
(7) After the death of Muhammad, "devotional worship" several times a day slowly became the "lesson of worship" in the Islamic world, which is the "legacy of our ancestors" for the Arabs. Since the imams did not really interpret the Qur'an but only emphasised "devotional worship", for more than a thousand years, becoming a "servant of God in devotional worship" became the "legacy of our forefathers" for the Arabs to follow. (8) The Islamic world has ignored Jesus. (8) The Islamic world ignores the crucifixion of Jesus by Judaism and regards the Jewish "Abrahams" (Ibrahim's family) as "saints of the Islamic faith", which is "the ignorance of their ancestors This is evidence that "their ancestors were ignorant and did not follow the right path", and this is the reason why "their Muslim ancestors" did not understand the Book of Genesis.
(9) The Islamic world ignores the fact that in Matthew 23 Jesus rebuked Judaism as a "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" and does not accept the fact that Jesus overthrew Judaism with Christianity, but still regards the Jewish Old Testament as a "classic of the Islamic faith". "This is evidence that "their ancestors were ignorant and uneducated and did not follow the right path", and this is the reason why "their Muslim ancestors" did not understand the New Testament. (10) Even if their ancestors were ignorant and disobedient (they still have to follow their legacy)? Answer: They should abandon "their legacy" and follow the right way. This is normal, sensible and rational. In ancient times, because culture was not widespread enough, human wisdom was not fully developed, so "their ancestors were ignorant and uneducated". Not only were their ancestors ignorant and uneducated, but the ancestors of other peoples were also ignorant and uneducated, because the whole of ancient mankind was in the "enlightenment stage", which was determined by the level of civilization of human evolution, and not by the fact that any nation was inherently inferior.
(11) The Qur'an, as interpreted by the Chinese, does not abandon the "ancestral teachings" of the Arab nation, but not only abides by the ancestral teachings of the Arab nation, but better still, abides by the essence of the ancestral teachings of the Arab nation. (12) The Qur'an, as interpreted by the Chinese, does not abandon the "ancestral teachings" of the Arab nation, but is a means of breaking the shackles that confine the minds of the Arab nation, helping it to abandon the dross of its ancestral teachings and to pass on the essence of its ancestral teachings, thus liberating the minds of the Arab nation and elevating the Islamic world. The spiritual realm.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 26 Nov 2017 17:15 27 12:05pm Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









