The Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (25-26) Marrying a woman of the same religion
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (25) Marrying a woman of the same religion
25. "And whoever of you cannot marry a free woman of the believers in respect of ability, may marry a slave of the believers over whom your friends have authority. Allah knows your faith. You are of the same religion with one another, so you may take them as wives after obtaining permission from their masters, and you shall give them their bride-price as a rule, but they shall be chaste and not lewd, nor shall they be lovers. And if, after they are married, they commit a scandal, then they shall receive half the punishment due to a free woman. This is prescribed for those of you who are afraid of falling into adultery. It is better for you if you can endure it. Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful." (1) Whoever wants to marry a free woman of faith, if any of you is not able to marry a free woman of faith because of his lack of ability in life. Whichever man may marry a believing slave girl under the authority of a friend. (2) God knows your faith and the level and state of your faith. You are of the same religion with each other, and there is no impediment to communication arising from the difference of faith, so you may take them as wives with the permission of their masters, and you shall give them their bride-price as a rule, but they shall be chaste, and not lewd, nor shall they be lovers. (3) Do not take as your wives women who are "unchaste, or who are lewd, or who have lovers".
(4) "And if they commit scandal after their marriage, they shall be punished with half the punishment that is due to free women". "This is not what God intended, but is a "test" for God. If "they are subject to half the punishment of a free woman for committing scandal", then they will not be able to repent of their sins out of fear, and some will continue to be "sinners in adultery". (5) "Those who fall into adultery" are "sinners in adultery", that is, sinners who have committed the commandment of "adultery". It is prescribed for you to be afraid that some of you will "fall into adultery", which means that if you believe in the truth, you are afraid that some of you will "fall into adultery", and therefore it is prescribed for you to "fall into adultery". (6) "They are married to each other.
(6) "If they commit scandal after they are married, they shall receive half of the punishment due to a free woman", and if you believe this, you fear that some of you may "fall into adultery", and therefore this provision is a licence for you to "fall into adultery". "It is a "test" of God to see if you have the wisdom of a normal human being after believing; if you do not have wisdom, your imam is a devil. "They shall not receive half of the punishment due to free women", which is the true meaning of Allah. (7) Is it better for you if you are able to endure in the face of the license that makes you "sinners in adultery"? No. It is better for you if you cannot bear it, for you are awakened. (8) For those who repent, Allah is Forgiving, Merciful. And for those who do not repent, Allah is not Forgiving, nor is He Merciful.

The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (26) Allah enunciates the righteousness of manners, so that you may become righteous in the observance of them.
26. "And Allah wants to clarify for you the righteousness and the righteousness and the righteousness of your forefathers, and to forgive you. And Allah is All-Knowing, the Wise." : (1) Allah left the Qur'an to clarify for you the righteousness of manners and to make you righteous people who follow them. Without the correct interpretation of the Qur'an, the Qur'an will not clarify the rites and righteousness enunciated by God, and will misinterpret them, and will not enable Muslims to become righteous people who follow the rites and righteousness; it will only enable them to become Muslims who do not know what the rites and righteousness are. "(2) God left the Qur'an to be a source of injustice. (2) God has left you the legal procedures and rules of law that the Qur'an instructed your forefathers to establish as a guarantee of your adherence to the way of Allah, as a guarantee that you will not perform the devil's way, and to forgive you for the sins you have committed through ignorance. (3) Allah is the All-Knowing, the Wise. Only an omniscient and wise person can truly expound the Qur'an and be a true Messenger of Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 11 June 2018 09:55 10:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









