The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (210-211) "The Last Judgment" is in session
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(210) Now is the time when "things will be judged" and the "Last Judgement" will be held.
210. "They are only waiting for Allah to come in the shade of the cloud with the gods of the heavens, and the matter will be judged. And all things will be arranged by Allah alone." (1) The words and deeds of "Christ, who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" break down the evil path that reduces Muslims to minions of "pious worship", which is the "clear proof of the truth of God coming to the world This is the "clear evidence" of God's truth coming to the world, and this is God's way of showing the Messenger the unique truth. The time of the "clear proof" is when "Allah comes in the shade of the clouds with the gods of the heavens". (2) "They are only waiting for Allah to come in the shade of the clouds with the gods of the heavens, and the matter will be judged", and such people are those who have been drugged by the devil, Ibrahim. They are minions of the devil's cave, for "they have turned away from the right path after the coming of the clear evidence".
(3) Not knowing that when someone breaks the evil path that reduces Muslims to minions of "devout worship" by the words and deeds of "Christ, who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", this is the time when "Allah comes in the shadow of the clouds with the gods of the heavens". "This means that your imam is a "counterfeit scribe and blind leader" and that you have been reduced to a minion of the devil's cave. (4) When the religion of the Middle Kingdom breaks the evil way of reducing Muslims to minions of "devotional worship", it will be the time when "things will be judged", when the "Last Judgement" will be opened.
(5) The fact that the Middle Kingdom has classified the group of imams, who do not allow Muslims to become "sons of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", as a devilish group that plays with minions, is the time when "God comes in the shade of the clouds with all the gods of heaven and the matter is judged", which means that This means that the "end" of the devil's group has really come, that the "Judgement of the End" has officially begun, and that the religious revolution has officially begun. (6) It was God's providence that the Chinese Centrist Church should interpret the Qur'an. If it had not been God's providence, the Chinese would not have spent so much effort in interpreting the Qur'an verse by verse; if it had not been God's providence, there would not have been such a detailed interpretation; if it had not been God's providence, who would have dared to overthrow the Imams' group?
(7) When the Chinese version of the Qur'an was transmitted to the Islamic world, it was when "God came to the Islamic world in the shadow of the clouds with the gods of the heavens". Today the Chinese announce that the time has come for Islam to be "judged" and for the well-known and world-renowned "Last Judgement" to be held. All these things have been ordained by God alone, and the Chinese are carrying out God's mission. (8) The Chinese religion of the Middle Kingdom is presiding over the Last Judgement, and is the supreme judge of the global religious community. If God had not ordained it, the Chinese would not have had the inspiration and wisdom to interpret the Qur'an, nor would they have had the confidence and boldness to preside over the Last Judgement.
(9) The Chinese are not one of the "Shi'a or Sunni" sects, and they do not take sides with one or the other, so they can be just and fair-minded. This is why God has allowed the Chinese to preside over the Last Judgement of Islam. Do you understand? Wise Muslim brothers.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (211) Christ (the Son of God) like Jesus is the "seed of Israel"
211: "You ask the Children of Israel, and We have rewarded them with certain visible signs. And whoever changes them after the coming of Allah's grace, (Allah will punish him), for indeed the punishment of Allah is severe." (1) The word "Israel" comes from Genesis 32, where "Jacob" had to go to his uncle's house to escape from his misfortune because he had deceived his brother "Esau" twice and caused him to be killed. He became his uncle's son-in-law and then cheated him out of his property. Before returning to his hometown, "Jacob" first gave his brother "Esau" a lot of money, and called him "master", while he humbly called himself "his brother's servant", in order to please his brother with his words and actions, fearing that he would not let him go. (2) My interpretation of Genesis: "Genesis 32:28 And the man said, Let thy name no longer be called Jacob, but Israel: for thou hast prevailed against God and against men." : (a) Man's flesh was made by God, and the wisdom of this life was learned by himself. The fact that man overcomes his fears with the clever wisdom he has learned shows that man is not only flesh but also has a great wisdom that is equal to that of God, and this is "victory in the contest with God". (2) The "struggle with God" is in the sense that he himself, by his wise words and deeds (Jacob gave his brother many possessions, addressed him as "master", and humbly called himself "his brother's servant"), knew that his brother had "a great deal to offer". "He overcame his own fears and saved himself from the plague of the flesh, knowing that his brother had a bad nature of "caring only for what is in front of him and not for his name". (c) There is a "kinship and subordination" between people, and to be able to use that "kinship and subordination" to dispel one's worries is to have "won the battle with man". (d) "He who has won the battle with God and with men" is "called Israel" and is "Israel". (5) He who overcomes worry with wisdom and becomes "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, and with a rod of iron", such a person is "victorious in his struggle with God and with men", and such a person " Such a one is "called Israel" and is "Israel". (6) No matter which religion you study, as long as you do not become "the Christ who has abandoned the boat and come ashore", you will have the fear of going to hell, you are "defeated against God and man", you cannot be "called Israel You are not "Israel", you are not "Israel", you are only a slave of the devil. (7) You have not become "Christ who has abandoned the boat and come ashore", and you do not have to worry about going to hell, because you are a "seminary graduate priest", you are a slave and a deceitful instrument who has been deceived by a higher demon, and therefore you are " You cannot be "called Israel", you are not "Israel", you are only a lackey and spokesman for the devil.
(3) "32:29 And Jacob asked him, saying, "Tell me your name. The man said, "Why ask my name? So he blessed Jacob there." (1) Jacob, I am Li Huaizhu of China, and I will tell you who is the name of the man who "wrestled with you", "the man" being your own "worry" (concern, shadow), your Magog (the shadow) in this life. It is your Magog (soul, body) in this life, not Jehovah at all. (b) It is your Gog (the spirit, the dharma, the soul) that provides you with the wisdom to deal with the preliminary groundwork and remove your worries, not Yahweh at all. (c) The "seed of Israel" are the "sons of God" like Jesus. To have the state of Christ like Jesus is to be a "descendant of Israel". "Israel" is the "sons of God, angels and spirits".
(4) There are several clear signs of God's reward for them in the Book of Genesis and Revelation, and whoever understands the Book of Genesis and Revelation becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", and is truly "a descendant of Israel ". No one in Judaism is a "descendant of Israel", they are "descendants of liars and deceivers", that is why Jesus called them "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". This is why Jesus called them "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and this is why Christianity overthrew Judaism as a devilish group. (5) Before the coming of God's grace, the whole Western world misinterpreted the original meaning of Genesis because it was a farce of the devil written in a literary style of "reverse thinking", which was dismissed by the unwise as It has been interpreted by the unintelligent as a "straightforward narrative". After the "end of the world" and the coming of God's grace, the Chinese interpreted Genesis and Revelation and told the Christians and Jews of the Western world that you had all misinterpreted Genesis and that you were all a group of devils who had corrupted Jehovah's teachings, which meant that the Chinese were presiding over the Christian "Last Judgement".
(6) There are several denominations of Christianity in China, all of which have come from the Western world. China is not the birthplace of any one of the dozens of Christian denominations such as "Catholic, Orthodox and Reformed", so the Chinese do not stand in favour of any one denomination over another, and the Chinese can be just and fair-minded in their treatment of Christianity. This is the reason why Jehovah (God) of Christianity has allowed the Chinese to preside over the "Last Judgement" of Christianity. (7) The True Exposition of Genesis and the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation, as interpreted by the Chinese Catholics, is a sign of the grace of God coming to the Western world. (7) The interpretation of the Book of Genesis and the Book of Revelation in the Middle Kingdom is a sign of God's grace coming to the Western world. Anyone who changes the interpretation of the Book of Genesis and the Book of Revelation in the Middle Kingdom is a devil, "Ibrahim", who "slanders God", and God will surely punish him, for God's punishment is indeed severe.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 December 2017 11:10 15:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











