The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (33-36) People of different families have different states of mind
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (33) The descendants overtaking their predecessors is the theme of human society.
33. "Indeed, Allah has chosen the descendants of Adham, Nuh, Ibrahim, and the descendants of Yimran, and has raised them above the world." (1) "Adham" is "Adam". "Noah" is the "Noah" in the "Ark of Noah". "Ibrahim" is the "Jewish prophet" who was changed from "Abram" to "Abraham". They are both characters in the book of Genesis. The purpose is to guide you through the book of Genesis, to test your understanding of it, and to see which of you has really understood it. (2) "Ibrahim" (Abraham) is very different from "Adham and Nuha" in that he is the first true "Jewish prophet", a true incarnation of the devil.
(3) The "descendant of Yimran" is Jesus, "Messiah son of Mary". Uzzah, son of Mary. (4) Quote: "Yimran is a direct descendant of Ishaq, the second son of the ancient prophet Ibrahim, a prophet of the nation of Israel, whom the Old Testament calls Amram, the father of the prophets Musa and Harun." All such statements are a manifestation of the domination of Islam by the demon "Ibrahim". The book of Exodus does not contain the name of "Musa and the father of Harun".
(5) They were both given a mystique beyond the ordinary world because of their belief in Allah. (6) They had the wisdom to surpass the world and to see through the dross of their predecessors, so that they could surpass the world.

(3) The state of mind of the people of the "consistent blood-tongue" family is very different.
34. "Those who are descended from them are those who are consistent in their blood. And Allah is All-Aware, All-Knowing." : (1) Although the "blood is consistent", the realm of thought of the people is very different. The "consistent blood flux" is only the reproduction of the physical body; the realm of the soul is subject to demonic obliteration, and therefore the descendants of those consistent blood fluxes will believe in different religions, and there will be subsequent religious revolutions that overthrow the previous ones. (2) "The descendants of Adham, Nuha and Ibrahim, and the descendants of Yimran", with their opposing Judaism and Christianity respectively, show that the descendants of the "consistent blood" would have believed in different religions because of their different realms of thought.
(3) Allah is all-seeing and all-knowing. "The Messenger of God and the children of God are also "all-sighted and all-knowing". Those who have passed on a single religion are not "all-wise and all-knowing" and are "selfish and narrow-minded" and are not "all-wise and all-knowing". "They are not the "all-seeing, all-knowing" messengers of God and the children of God, but are the minions of the devil, Ibrahim.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (35) The woman of Yimran was pregnant
35. "Then the woman of Yimran said, "O my Lord! I vow to dedicate to Thee what I carry in my womb, and ask Thee to accept my dedication. Indeed, You are all-wise and all-knowing." : (1) At that time the woman of Yimran was pregnant and she said to Allah: O my Lord! I vow to dedicate to You the child that I carry in my womb so that she may pass on Your teachings, and I beg You to accept my dedication. (2) Verily, You are the All-Seeing, the All-Knowing. I hope that the child I dedicate to you will also be "all-sighted and all-knowing".

The Birth of Mary, the Daughter of Imran, Chapter 3 (36) of the Holy Qur'an
36. "And when she gave birth to a girl, she said: Indeed, I have given birth to a girl. Allah is Aware of the children she gives birth to. A boy is not like a girl. Indeed, We have called her Mary, so bless her and her descendants from the devil who has been forsaken." : (1) Boys are not like girls; boys are mostly ambitious and girls are mostly not; boys are like ploughmen and girls are like the land. (2) The woman of Yimran named her daughter "Mary". The father of "Mary" was called "Yimran". "Mary" is the "Mary" of the New Testament, the mother of Jesus.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 22 December 2017 17:04 18:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









