The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (137-139) Maintaining the Christ Realm Like Jesus
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (137) With "the words and deeds of Jesus, who broke down Judaism", one can "be sure that the right way has been followed".
137: "If they believe as you do, then indeed they have followed the right way; and if they turn away from it, then they are only in opposition; and Allah will defend you against them. Indeed, He is the All-Seeing, the All-Knowing." (1) "The right way" is in the Book of Revelation, and one does not know what the "right way" is until one has understood the Book of Revelation. If you understand the Book of Revelation, you will become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", and you will know that the Old Testament is the opposite of the "right way", the "devil's way and the evil way "Then we will know that the "Jewish prophets" are all satanic and demonic farces, and we will know the reason why Jesus was crucified by the Jews. (2) Jesus is the representative of the "right way" and the "Jewish prophets" are the representatives of the "devilish and evil way". By studying the words and actions of Jesus, who broke the evil way, and by "breaking the Jewish religion in the same way as Jesus did", one can be "sure that one is following the right way". If one believes in Christianity, but does not have "the words and deeds that Jesus did to break Judaism", one cannot be "sure that one has followed the right way", because without the words and deeds that break the evil way as evidence of belief in the right way, one is a mongrel within the right way, or a mongrel under the guise of the right way. The devil is an "eboshi". (3) If the disciples of the religions of the world, after believing, have "broken the words and deeds of Judaism as Jesus did", then they have indeed followed the right way, for the "religions of the world" were all founded by angels sent by God, and although their words are different on the surface, they all mean the same thing. Although the words may appear to be different, they all mean the same thing, that man may become Christ and return to heaven.
(4) "Those who circle and pay homage, those who abide in piety, those who bow down, and those who make burnt offerings" are all "apostates from the right way" and are demonstrating the devil who is taught by the "devilish and evil way". (5) "The Jews and the Jews and the Jews" are all "apostates from the right way" and are all demonstrating the devilishness of the "devil's way and the evil way" of teaching. (5) The "Jews and Christians", who have turned their backs on righteousness, do not allow their disciples to become Christ like Jesus, and they are trapped in opposition to the "pagans" who denigrate all gods other than Yahweh as "unholy They were only opposed to the "pagans", who stigmatised gods other than Jehovah as "unholy" because the "pagans" did not believe in Jehovah and were not slaves to them, and they did not know that gods other than Jehovah were angels sent by Jehovah to the world, exposing the "selfish, narrow-minded, mean and cruel" nature of the devil. (6) "Allah" is a devil.
(6) "God" is our true master, the "one and only" soul that every human being has. A good and righteous person is a soul that manifests itself, while a bad and evil person is a soul that has been wiped out by the soul and has revealed the devil's demonic nature. (7) It is not that God in heaven will defend you Muslims against their demonic group, but that the soul will manifest the words and deeds of "righteousness and conscience" so that the soul can defend itself against the corruption of the righteousness of their demonic group with "the words and deeds that broke Judaism as Jesus did". (8) You are the Christ like Jesus, if you can resist their demonic group's encirclement and corruption of the right way. If you can show that you are "Jesus-like in breaking down the words and deeds of Judaism", then you are indeed all-wise and all-knowing. If, on the other hand, you do not show that you have broken Judaism in the way that Jesus did, then you are not all-wise, you are not all-knowing, and you are a muddlehead who does not know right from wrong.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (138) "Keep the baptism of God" means to keep the state of Christ as Jesus did.
138, "And keep the baptism of Allah, and who is better than Allah in baptizing? We worship Him alone." (1) "Baptism" is a Christian rite of initiation in which the celebrant recites the prescribed rite and is immersed, poured or sprinkled with water. The celebrant recites the text and drips the water on the forehead of the baptized person, or immerses the baptized person's body in the water, signifying the forgiveness of the "original" and "original" sins of the initiate, and conferring "favour" and This is not the "baptism of God". This is not the "baptism of God", it is the "baptism" of a church group, the brainwashing and demagoguery of the devil, Satan, who is instilling "ecstasy" in his disciples, the "baptism of Satan". This is the "baptism of Satan". (2) The "baptism of God" is the indoctrination that reveals the true nature of the soul, the indoctrination of God that makes Muslims "saints like God", the indoctrination of Jesus that "makes Christians into Christ", and the indoctrination of Jesus that "makes Christians into Christ". This is the infallible teaching of Jesus, who "made Christians to be Christ", which is the state of Christ in word and deed. (3) "He who circles and pays homage, he who abides in piety, he who bows down, he who offers burnt offerings, and he who renders things to the Lord" are all minions of the devil who keep the baptism of the devil's "ebony boy". (4) It is only when one knows what the baptism of the devil is that one can know what the baptism of Allah is. If one does not know what the baptism of the devil is, one will not know what the baptism of Allah is, and will take the baptism of the devil as the baptism of Allah. (5) "Keeping Allah's baptism". (5) To "keep the baptism of God" means to develop the habit of "breaking the evil ways", to have a "relativistic" mindset, and to have the habit of thinking clearly about right and wrong, that is, to maintain the Christianity of Jesus. The Christianity of Jesus. Otherwise, we will not be able to "keep the baptism of God", but we will be stained by God, and we will be able to "wipe out the soul of God" and reveal our "greedy, cunning, selfish, narrow-minded, mean-spirited and cruel" demonic nature. "(6) We all know that there is no one like Allah.
(6) All know that there is no one who baptizes better than God, because they do not know what the baptism of the devil's "Ibrahim" is, and all take the baptism of the devil's "Ibrahim" to be the "baptism of God "This is because there is no Christ, and this is because there will not be an "end of the world, the last judgment". This is because there is no Christ, and this is because there will be no Armageddon or Judgement. (7) We only worship the "Iblis". (7) We worship only the Baptism of Allah because it allows us to reveal the true nature of Allah (the soul), to become Christ like Jesus, and to return to Allah in Paradise. (18th pm)

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (139) Allah is the common mother of the "masculine angels and the feminine devils"
139. "Say: Do you argue with us about Allah? In fact, He is our Lord and your Lord; we will be rewarded for our deeds and you will be rewarded for your deeds; we are only faithful to Him." : (1) Allah is the infinite vacuum that gave birth to all things in the universe, giving birth to the masculine angels and the feminine devils, so that Allah is the one true God. With the "masculine angels and feminine devils", there are different understandings of Allah, and it happens that "you argue with us about Allah". It is not just now that "you are disputing with us about Allah" is happening, but it has been happening for ages. (2) Under the guise of Allah, the devil's group is trying to corrupt Allah's unfaithfulness from within, misinterpreting the true meaning of Allah and making people "servants of Allah in worship", but in fact making them servants of the devil's "Ibrahim". The spokesman of Allah, by his words and deeds of "breaking the path of evil", has shown himself to be "a Christ with eyes like fire, feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans and having received a rod of iron", making Christians into Christ, in the same way that the devil's group makes people into "servants of God". It is in this context that "you argue with us about God" is the opposite of the devil's group that makes people "servants of God in devotion".
(3) God is the Lord of our Christian righteousness and the Lord of your devilish "Ibrahim", the common mother of the "masculine angels and the feminine devils". (4) Our Christian righteousness is "to become the Christ who broke the evil way and then to make Christians the Christ", and our deeds are the greatest good in the world because they allow those who are destined to do so to never be reincarnated. (5) The evil way of your devil, Ibrahim, is "to become a servant of God in worship and then to make others servants of God in worship", and "a servant of God in worship The "servants of Allah" are in fact minions of the devil in the devil's cave, and the "bowing and kowtowing" of religious people is a manifestation of the "criminals who confess their sins" and are being tortured in hell. You have become "servants of God" and have lost your humanity, which is "not different from God's", and have developed a devilish nature. group, the reward for your deeds is the torture of hell, and at the end of your sentence you become beasts of burden with a thousand cuts. (6) The animals around us now are all criminals in their previous lives who are reincarnated. In their previous lives they were not human beings and were not wise enough to become the servants of the devil "Ibrahim" because they "recognized the thief as their father". The magic of "bowing and worshipping, praying" and so on has made them lose their precious human bodies and disqualify themselves from being human beings, and in this life they have become animals of the world. This is why religious people do not eat meat, because eating meat or eggs is a sign of "killing life". In some cases, though not the main offender, they are an accessory. "Eating meat or eggs is a violation of the commandment not to kill, and is punishable by "karma".
(7) According to the Law of Heaven, as long as there are people in this world who have passed on your magic (ideas, theories, methods and forms), it is a sign that you are still harming people, and you can only accumulate prison terms. The "Judgement of the End" is to overturn the ancient falsehoods, so that the truth that the ancient "prophets" were demons will be revealed to the world, and no one will pass on the ancient falsehoods anymore, so that the "prophets" who have left scriptures in the past to harm modern people will be able to "complete their sentence". The day will come when the "prophets" who left their scriptures to harm modern people will be "released from prison". (8) Jesus called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and used the fact of his crucifixion to show the true nature of Judaism as a devilish group, to reveal the true nature of Christ, and to save the Jewish prophets who had no chance of completing their sentence in hell, which is the reason for the supreme glory of Jesus after his death. This is the reason for the supreme glory of Jesus after his death.
(9) Just as we would not know what day is without seeing night, so we would not know what the angel Christ is without the devil "Ibrahim". The devil's "Ibrahim" is the "living target and companion" of God's plan to bring Christ back to heaven. If a Muslim does not have the discerning eye to recognise the devil's "Ibrahim", he will not have a "living target and companion" and will not be able to become a Christ at all, nor will he be able to return to heaven, but will have to serve his sentence in hell, because the Muslim "imam" is the devil's "Ibrahim". "(10) If there is no God, there is no Christ. (10) Without God there would be no "masculine angels and feminine devils", and "masculine angels and feminine devils" are all children of God, and all are children of God on His mission, and therefore, whether they are devils or angels "We are only faithful to His mission, for God is the source of the universe and the common mother who gave birth to everything in it.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 November 2017 16:40 19 16:35 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









