The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (184-186) Becoming Christ for Eternal Life
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(184) The messengers of Judaism in the Old Testament are all incarnations of the devil, Ibrahim
184. "If they deny you, then indeed they have denied many messengers before you, and those messengers have revealed to them many clear proofs, books, and splendid classics." (1) "Those messengers, who showed them many clear proofs, books, and splendid classics" is from the Old Testament, and the "Jewish messengers" in the Old Testament are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim The "Jewish messengers" of the Old Testament are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim". The words and deeds of the Jewish imams are not those of Jesus and are rebuked by Jesus. (2) I have not only denied the imams of your religion, but I have indeed denied many of the messengers of Judaism before you, and the whole of Judaism is a demonic group.

(185) Only by becoming the present Christ will one be able to leave the Fire on the Day of Resurrection and achieve eternal life.
185. "Everyone will taste death. It is on the Day of Resurrection that you will enjoy your full reward. He who has escaped from the fire and entered Paradise has succeeded. The life of this world is but a vain enjoyment." (1) At the moment of physical death, the human spirit (both eyes) is not dead, but is taken by the God of heaven to hell to be judged by the judge, called "resurrection"; the day of physical death is called "resurrection day". (2) In life, as Jesus did, he proved himself to be the present Christ with "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron" by calling Judaism a demonic group. Only by becoming the present Christ will one be able to leave the fire and enter paradise on the Day of Resurrection and succeed in achieving an endless life in eternal paradise. (3) As long as one has not become the present Christ in life, one will not be able to leave the fire and enter paradise on the Day of Resurrection, but will have to go to the fire to serve his sentence. (4) The life of this world is only an illusory, transient physical pleasure. It is only when one becomes a Christ and reaches Paradise that one can achieve real, long-lasting and eternal spiritual (two-eyed) enjoyment.

Chapter 3 (186) of the True Exposition of the Qur'an attacks the refutation of those who match their Lord with their goods as Christ
186: "And surely you will be tested in your possessions and in your bodies, and surely you will hear many evil things from the mouths of those who have received the Scripture and from those who have taken their goods, and if you persevere and are fearful, then this is indeed what you should resolve to do." : (1) If you wish to enter Paradise on the Day of Resurrection, far from the fire, you will certainly be tested in your possessions and in your bodies. You have passed the test in the area of possessions when you have parted with your possessions and have not "eroded public goods" during your lifetime. You have passed the physical test by not "eating flesh, stealing, committing adultery, speaking untruthfully, or drinking alcohol", by calling Judaism a devilish group, and by saying and doing things to prove that you are the present Christ, and by saying and doing things to show your willingness to die in the face of the devilish group's intimidation. (2) The book of scripture, called the "heavenly scriptures", which makes one a Christ back to heaven. In the Bible, the book of Genesis and Revelation is a unique "heavenly scripture". The Old Testament is a "book of fire" under the guise of a "heavenly book", a book of demons and magic. There are two kinds of "men of the Scriptures", the demonic and the Christian. It is Christ who rebukes Judaism as a demonic group. It is the demons who regard the Jewish prophets as messengers as well. (3) Those who sacrifice to God with various offerings are "those who match their Lord with their goods". "This is a disguised abduction of God by the demons, who insult Him with seemingly respectful words and actions. They are demons who hype themselves up in various forms of "matching their goods with their Lord" in order to achieve the evil goal of demagoguery, slandering Allah and harming the lives of others.
(4) If you hear many evil words from the mouths of those who have been given to Allah in exchange for goods, which means that they are demons who demagogue, slander and harm the lives of people, and if your attitude towards their evil words is one of patience and fear, then you have become the children of the devil. (5) If your attitude towards their evil words is not one of patience, but of fear of God, and you rebuke their evil words, then indeed this is something that only Christ, who has "eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron", could have resolved to do.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 June 2018 09:35 11:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









