The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Ox (214-216) All Christ had suffered poverty and distress
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (214) All Christ suffered poverty and distress
214. "Do you suppose that you have entered Paradise before you have suffered what happened to those before you? Those who went before them were afflicted with poverty and distress, and were shocked, and even the Messenger and the believers said, "When will Allah's assistance come?" Verily, the aid of Allah is near." : (1) "The affliction that befell them" was due to the exposure of the devil's group for what they really are. There would have been no "affliction" if the Lord had not "resisted the attacks" of the devil's group by his words and deeds to keep them from being corrupted. (2) The suffering of the former Jesus was the crucifixion, the reason for which was to overthrow the devilish group of Judaism with Christianity. Muslim brothers, you do not have the Christianity of Jesus, nor the Christianity of his words and deeds, nor the suffering of Jesus, and you think that you have entered paradise simply by your "devotional worship"? You will never enter Paradise, for you are the opposite of Jesus' state of being the "Son of God", the minion of the devil's cave.
(3) "Poverty" is not a lack of money, but a lack of knowledge, a lack of wisdom to distinguish between "Christ and the devil, righteousness and wickedness". Religious people do not have the "unique consciousness of the righteousness of the law", do not know what is the "infallible truth" of God, do not have the wisdom to recognise the devil, "Ibrahim", and do not have the wisdom to become "a man whose eyes are like a flame and who has been given the righteousness of God". The stage of "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire and who has been given a rod of iron", is the stage of "suffering poverty". No Muslim who has not become Christ has "suffered poverty". (4) The devil, "Ibrahim", has been promoting devilish teachings as teachings of God under the guise of God, misleading Muslims who believe in God to become minions who only "worship piously". "This is the plight of God, and the plight of God's "infallible truth", the plight of Jesus before him, and the plight of those who have become Christ in this world. This is the affliction of the former Jesus and the affliction of the present man who has become Christ. No Muslim who has not become a Christ has "suffered".
(5) When one leaves the corrupt imams and finds the Messenger of God with great wisdom, and becomes a disciple of the Messenger of God, and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", then one becomes a disciple of the all-pervading world. Then they would have been shocked by the devil's pervasive presence and the extent to which he had corrupted the truth of Allah's infallibility. The reason that no Muslim is shocked at the extent to which the devil, Ibn Ibrahim, has corrupted the truth of Allah, is that you have not become a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". "It is because you are the sons and daughters of the devil "Ibrahim" under the guise of Allah.
(6) The "messengers and believers" who look forward to the "coming of the aid of God" are all messengers of the devil and believers in evil, and are all minions who have been misled by the devil's "Ibrahim". They are all "servants of Allah's devotees" in the cave of the devil. They have become "the Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and they are the God who has come to the world. (7) When one is brave enough to take up the task and face it without expecting the help of God, then the time will come when the help of God will come. Thus, "Allah's help is near", and it is not to be sought, and it comes without being sought.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (215): The promotion of Allah's "Unseen Truth" is the greatest good in the world
215. "They asked you what they should spend, and you said, "Whatever you spend, spend it on your parents, on your relatives, on orphans, on the poor, on travellers. Indeed, whatever good you do, Allah is All-Knowing." (1) To spend on parents, relatives, orphans, the poor, and travellers means that this is an ordinary person who does not know what Allah's "infallible truth" is, and that he does not know that Allah's "infallible truth" is priceless. (2) Allah's unfailing truth makes a person a "son of God" who will never be reincarnated, so it is the greatest good in the world. All good deeds cannot be compared to the promotion of God's unalloyed truth. All "good deeds" are insignificant compared to the promotion of Allah's unfailing truth.
(3) The money spent should be used for the promotion of God's truth, so that more people may know it and more sons of God may be created. This is the greatest good in the world and the most meaningful of all the "good deeds". (4) Let parents, relatives, orphans, the poor and travellers be educated, so that they all know that "he who is contented is rich, and he who has no education is poor", and that they all improve their spiritual state and know "right from wrong", and stay away from "right from wrong". This is the greatest good in the world and is the most meaningful of all the good deeds.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (216) "Devotional Worship" is a demonic slaughter of the souls of Muslims
216. "War has become your custom, and war is what you hate. Perhaps you hate something that is good for you, or perhaps you love something that is bad for you. Allah knows, and indeed you do not know." (1) War has become a customary way for you human beings to "fight against oppression, persecution and liberation" and to achieve "democracy and freedom" by force of arms, and the brutal process of killing in war is something you hate, but the final victory of war in overthrowing persecution and achieving freedom is something You love it. (2) Do not hate war in order to "resist those who attack you" and to achieve the victory of overthrowing persecution and achieving freedom. It has been proven that only by "resisting those who attack you, fighting them and killing them" can you achieve freedom from persecution, break the shackles and liberate your body and mind. Human society has always progressed through war.
(3) Perhaps you loathe something because the cost of war is terrible, and the goal of liberation achieved by war, that something that will be beneficial to your children and grandchildren for generations to come. (4) Perhaps you love peace without war, but peace like being a "servant of Allah" is harmful to you because it is the devil's way of life. "That is the devil's war against the Muslims, which is "bloodless" and is killing the souls of your Muslims.
(5) When the Qur'an was written and Muhammad's mission was completed, the Islamic world entered into a state of war between "bloodshed and bloodlessness". Allah knows, but you do not know, because you in the Islamic world have not become a second Muhammad, so the "new moon" has become the symbol of the Islamic world, which means that Muslims are "colour blind" in a black and white world. (6) The "Last Judgement" has begun, and under the "New Moon" you should accept the sunlight from the East and not reject the light that it brings. Those who refuse the light are devils, "Ibrahim", who fear the sun from their hearts and resist the light.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 6 December 2017 11:40 16:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









