The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (9-11) "Ibrahim (Eblis)" is a generic term for demons and ghosts
The Taoists of Tarzan understand religion
The Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imran (Ari Imran) (9-11) "Ibrahim" is a generic term for demons and ghosts

(9) "The Day of Resurrection", when God gathered two kinds of people to go to Paradise and the Fire respectively
9. "O our Lord! Surely You will gather the people on the Day of No Doubt. Indeed, Allah does not break His promises." (1) The great wisdom saw through the falsehood of the world, saw the devil "Ibrahim" for what he really was, escaped from the Imam's cave, found the present Christ, practised "the unfailing truth that Allah has made man a Christ to heaven", and bathed in the "sunlight of the East". The day of no doubt will come when he will know who his "soul" is, when he will become "a son of God with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", when he will have fulfilled his mission. "God will gather all the gods of heaven together to welcome this "undoubted" Christ, the elite of the world, when he dies in this life. (2) Those who "worship and pray" under the shining of the "new moon" are "those who circle and pay homage, those who abide in piety, those who bow down", and those who live in the "Day of Doubt". And those who are "doubtful" and "those who are doubtful", Allah will surely send a messenger to gather such people to the Fire.
(3) Although they both believe in Allah, they are different in their sects of belief, and they go to Paradise and Hell after being gathered by Allah. (4) By creating "day and night, man and woman, good and evil", God is telling us that Christ and the devil are the basic substances that make up the world and never leave us. A Christ like Jesus, who practised "the unalloyed truth that God became the Christ to heaven", became the undoubted "Son of God", who gave up his life for righteousness, and so went to heaven on the "Day of Resurrection". (5) "Devotional worship (5) All those who "worship and pray" are "those who circle and pay homage, those who abide in piety and those who bow down", and they are the opposite of the "sons of God". They are all slaves who are tormented in the cave of the devil, "doubters" who are not confident in Christ, and they are all slaves who practise magic, and they are not able to sacrifice their lives for righteousness.

(10) Those Muslims who do not want to be Christ and eat meat are "disbelievers".
10. "The disbelievers have no benefit from the punishment of Allah for all their possessions and their children. Such are the fuel of the Fire." (1) Because there is only one true way for man to become a Christian, Muslims who do not want to become a Christian are "disbelievers". (2) The truth that makes a person become a believer is in the last book of the New Testament (the Qur'an), the Book of Revelation, and you did not see it because you were not careful, because God has mentioned the Qur'an many times about Jesus and the Qur'an, which is a hint to you of the core of the hidden doctrine.
(3) Muslims who do not want to become a Christian like Jesus, who have not read the Book of Revelation, and who do not know the true way of becoming a Christian, are devilish "Ibrahim" in the guise of God, and are guilty of "slandering God". All their possessions and sons have been used to "slander Allah" and have increased their own sins, so that Allah's punishment will not benefit them in the slightest. (4) Muslims who have not read the Book of Genesis, who do not know the rule that "meat is forbidden; vegetarianism is required", and who do not know that the "burnt offering" of animals to Allah is a demonic insult to Allah, and that Muslims who eat meat selectively are "disbelievers". The Muslims who choose to eat meat are "disbelievers".
(5) The second chapter of the Qur'an is very clear about the rule of "forbidding meat and eating vegetarianism". "22 And He has made the earth your seat, and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and through it has come much fruit for your sustenance." Open your eyes, Muslims, and see that the phrase "bring forth much fruit by the rain for your sustenance" means that all plants are "lawful and good food" for humans to eat. Muslims, if you are not animals, should know that "the rain brings forth much fruit for your sustenance", and that this is a clear command from God that Muslims should "eat vegetarianism and not eat meat". If you do not think that this is a clear command of Allah that Muslims should eat vegetarianism and not eat meat, then you are all devils and "Ibrahim". (6) Chapter 2 of the Qur'an, "168. Eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, and do not follow the devil, for he is your clear enemy." For God has told you before that "the rain brings forth much fruit for your sustenance", which means that only the rain brings forth much fruit, which is "lawful and good food". If you not only eat all the lawful and good food of the earth, but also kill animals and eat their flesh, you are following in the footsteps of the devil, for all devils are flesh-eating animals. The flesh-eating animals eat the flesh of the weak and are themselves eaten by the strong, suffering their own "retribution for the killing of others". The man who kills an animal and eats its flesh is bullying the weak and will suffer his own retribution accordingly, so killing and eating flesh is indeed the clear enemy of you humans.

The sects that worship animals are all devilish groups dominated by the devil, Ibrahim.
11. "(Their condition) is like that of the people of Pharaoh and of the nations before them; they denied the signs of Allah, so Allah punished them for their sins. Allah's punishment is severe." : (1) Ancient Egyptian religious beliefs were based on the worship of nature, and unexplained natural phenomena were believed to be the result of gods. The power of the gods manifested itself in various forms. Humans were only a part of creation, and both wild and domesticated animals could be embodiments of divinity. Even when these animal gods were humanised and took on human form, their heads often remained in their original animal form. The Greek historian Herodotus (fifth century AD) described the worship of the crocodile, the sacred animal of the god Sobek: "In some parts of Egypt the crocodile was a sacred animal. The centre of crocodile worship was Fayum. In these places, they kept a crocodile in a pond until it was tamed. It was then dressed in jewellery. The sacred crocodile is of course particularly well fed and cared for according to the divine law. When the crocodile dies, it is mummified and buried in a sacred coffin. (2) The animal worshippers are a group of demons dominated by the demon "Ibrahim", who are made up of various animals and various human spirits. The term "Ibrahim" is a generic term for all kinds of animals and all kinds of human spirits, of which all kinds of animals are "demons" and all kinds of human spirits are "ghosts".
(3) The sects of animal worship are all demonic groups dominated by the devil "Ibrahim", who deny the signs of God and whose teachings are the opposite of "God's truth that man should become Christ and return to heaven". They are minions of the devil's cave. They are in fact the same as Muslims who worship Allah and "worship and pray with devotion", except that Muslims do so under the guise of Allah. (4) The imam, under the guise of worshipping Allah, has reduced Muslims to the status of "devout worshippers and prayers", just as the ancient Egyptian belief in animals as sacred has reduced people to the status of "Ibrahim", so that they will break their way back to heaven and live in vain. (5) Many imams and their family members are not only a part of the family, but also a part of the family. (5) Many imams and their families are the victims of disease and financial ruin, which is a sign that Allah's punishment is severe.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 December 2017 15:40 18:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









