The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (250-252) Signs of Allah are Everywhere
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (250) "Those who pray" are all Jewish "prophets" and are minions under the spell of the devil.
250. "And when they went out to fight against Charut and his army, they prayed, saying: O our Lord! Pour perseverance into our hearts, and strengthen our steps, and aid us against the disbelieving people." (1) "Chalut" is the first king of the Israelites, "Saul". All those who "pray" are Jewish "prophets", minions under the spell of the devil, and not "hardened men"; they lack integrity, righteousness and masculinity, and are all devils who are flexible. (2) The Jewish "prophets" are not the "hardy ones". (2) The Jewish "prophets" regarded all those who did not "pray" and who relied on themselves as "the people of disbelief (2) The Jewish "prophets" regarded all those who do not "pray" and rely on their own "fortitude" as "an unbelieving people. It is the devil who slanders the "sons of God". (3) "O our Lord! Pour patience into our hearts, strengthen our steps, and help us against the disbelieving people", are all words spoken by the devil, "Ibrahim", in order to entice you to follow his example and make you a slave in the devil's cave. Remember this. (4) God has made the wise believers of the Qur'an to meet His Messenger and to accept the "infallible teachings of God" and to become "sons of God" who do not pray and do not seek Him.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (251) "The Muslim scribes" are all devilish "Ibrahim" who "praise themselves and destroy him"
251: "And they defeated their enemies with the help of Allah. Dawood killed Charut, and Allah rewarded him with power and wisdom, and taught him what he desired (knowledge). Had Allah not made the world resist each other, the order of the earth would have been disordered. But Allah is gracious to the whole world." : (1) 1 Samuel "4:2 The Philistines set out against the Israelites. When the two armies fought, the Israelites were defeated before the Philistines. The Philistines killed about four thousand of their troops in battle. 4:4 So the people sent men to Shiloh, and from there they brought the ark of the covenant, which sat on the ten thousand armies of the second cherubim. The two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, came with the ark of the covenant of God." The Philistines had a dramatic victory by not taking the "ark of the covenant of God" seriously at all with their belief that they would be "strong and mighty". "4:10 The Philistines and the Israelites fought, and the Israelites were defeated and ran to their houses. Many were killed, and thirty thousand of Israel's foot soldiers fell. 4:11 The ark of the covenant of God was taken captive, and both of Eli's sons, Hophni and Phinehas, were killed." (2) "They defeated their enemies through the blessing of God" is an elliptical phrase that should read: they, the Jews (Israelites), presumed to defeat their enemies through the blessing of God, but as a result, they were abandoned by God, and instead of blessing Israel, God blessed their enemies, causing them to suffer an unprecedented defeat. The Ark of the Covenant was a prop for the Prophet to bewitch and abuse his minions under the guise of God. "The Prophet killed an animal in front of the Ark of the Covenant to make a burnt offering to Allah, which is a blatant abuse of Allah by the devil. How could Allah help the "minions of the devil" to defeat their enemies? Allah will kill the prophets and their followers in the name of Allah by the hand of the enemy, for they are all devils who have come from within to corrupt the "infallible teachings of Allah".
(3) "Dawud" is "David" and "Chalut" is "Saul". If you read 1 Samuel 31, you will know that it was the Philistines who killed "Saul" (Chalut), but "David" (Dagwood) did not kill "Saul" (Chalut). "David (Dawud) did not kill Saul (Chalut), so the "Dawud killing Chalut" here is a "test" from Allah, a deliberate attempt to keep the "Muslim scribes" confused as to who is who. "The result is that all the "Muslim scribes" have no sense of the "test questions" and all think that "the Bible has been altered and lost in its original form This shows that the "Muslim scribes" only believe in the rightness of the Qur'an but suspect that the Bible has been tampered with, and that the "Muslim scribes" are all "self-praising devils" who "destroy him". "(4) The world is trying to satisfy its own needs. (4) In order to satisfy their own selfish desires, the world has come to do things to the detriment of others, and this has led to wars of "mutual resistance". Allah rewards the just with power and wisdom, and teaches the righteous what he desires (knowledge), so that he may pacify the world, bring order to the earth, create a stable environment for development, and build a paradise on earth. (5) Allah has shown mercy to the whole world, but the "Muslim scribes" have misinterpreted the scriptures and have stolen the mercy of Allah for themselves, turning gratitude to Allah into gratitude to the Imam.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (252) Signs of Allah are everywhere
252: "These are the signs of Allah, and We have pronounced it to you in truth. Indeed, you are one of the messengers." (1) Not only are these signs of Allah, but the signs of Allah are everywhere and in all kinds, and there is no particular pattern to follow, in order that you may become a son of God with a "wide, all-knowing, all-powerful" vision. If you think that only "these are the signs of God" and the rest are not, you are a selfish, narrow-minded devil, "Ibrahim". (2) If you think that Allah does not exist outside the world of Islam, but only in the world of Islam, you do not know what the "signs of Allah" are, and you do not know that "Allah" is the "old mother" who gave birth to the universe. This means that you do not know what a "sign of Allah" is and that you do not know that "Allah" is the "old mother" who gave birth to the universe. If you in the Islamic world say that "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, then Allah must also exist outside the Islamic world, and if you do not find "Allah" in foreign religions If you do not find "Allah" in foreign religions, you have not clarified what the "signs of Allah" are. If you have clarified what the "signs of Allah" are, you will find that there is a "Allah" for you in foreign religions.
(3) I am reading to you the truth of what is "the infallibility of God", but if you do not understand the last book of the Bible, the Book of Revelation, you will not know what "the infallibility of God" is, and you have misinterpreted it. You have all misinterpreted the reason for the Qur'anic references to the events in the Bible. (4) If you know that the Qur'an mentions the events of the Bible in order to refer you to the last book of the Bible, the Book of Revelation, "Indeed you are one of the messengers", you are indeed one of the messengers alongside Jesus and Muhammad. Otherwise, people like you can only misinterpret the Qur'an and you must be a devilish "ebbo-boy" under the guise of Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 11 December 2017 16:45 19:05 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









