The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (52-54) Seeing Through the Scheming and Becoming Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (52) The disciples assisted Jesus for the sake of God's "infallible truth" and not for the sake of the corruption of the Jewish devilish group
52. "And when he knew that the people were disbelievers, he said, "Who will assist me for the sake of Allah? The disciples said, "We assist you for Allah, and we are convinced of Him, and we ask you to testify that we are converts." : (1) "Uzzah" is Jesus. Jesus explained that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group that was killing people, but that the people did not really understand the "infallible truth of God that makes man a Christ to heaven" and did not believe in the infallible truth, when Jesus said: Who for the "infallible truth" of God is not for the "infallible truth" of God? (2) Having learned that Judaism is a religion of the devil, he said: "Who will assist me for the sake of God's "infallibility" and not for the sake of the corruption of the Jewish devilish group? (2) The disciples of Jesus, who knew that Judaism was a devilish group that was killing people, said: "We assist you for the sake of the truth of God and for the sake of the devilish group of Judaism, and we are convinced that the truth of God is one and the same, and that it is the right way to become Christ. We have been assured that God's "infallible truth" is unique and is the right way to be Christ's return to heaven.
(3) "Testify that we are the obedient" is the "test" of God. It is not right not to know this without the experience of becoming Christ. (4) The proof that you are obedient is your words and deeds that expose the devil for what he is, and that you have been able to remove the devil. If you do not show that you have "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in your mouth, feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans, and Christ who has the rod of iron", then you have no proof that you are converts. (5) The proof of being a convert is not something that anyone says with their mouths, but is something that the "convert" himself shows by his words and deeds, and by his words and deeds that expose the devil for what he is.

(53) There is no "obedience to the messenger" without the promotion of the "Unseen Truth" through words and deeds that reveal the true nature of the devil.
53. "O our Lord! We have been convinced of the Scriptures which you have sent down, and we have obeyed the messenger, and ask you to make us partakers of the testimony." (1) As disciples of Jesus, we are convinced that there are two types of texts sent down by God, the Old Testament, which shows the true nature of the devil, and the New Testament, the Book of Revelation, which shows "the infallible truth that God has made man the Christ to heaven". (2) In the Book of Revelation, Jesus demonstrates that "God has made man the true way of Christ to heaven" and that Jesus is the true "Messenger of God". The Christian accepts "the unfailing truth that God has made man a Christ to heaven" and becomes "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans and has received a rod of iron", which is evidence of "having obeyed the Messenger". This is the evidence of "having obeyed the messenger". There is no evidence of "having obeyed the Messenger" if one does not preach the "Unseen Truth" in words and deeds that reveal the true nature of the devil, and there is no "obedience to the Messenger". (3) The Muslims have all become "swirlers of salutations, devotees and bowers" and none of them have the words and deeds of Christ (the Son of God), which means that you have obeyed the Messenger of the Devil "Ibrahim", so you are all So you are all minions in the devil's cave of "devotional worship and prayer".
(4) In order for you to join the ranks of those who testify, you must first know that there are two types of texts sent down by God, the Old Testament, which shows the true nature of the devil, and the New Testament, the Book of Revelation, which shows that "God has made man the true way of Christ to heaven". Then you promote the "unchangeable truth" by exposing the devil's true nature, showing yourselves as "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron". (5) Failure to promote the "infallible truth" by words and deeds that reveal the true nature of the devil, and failure to show that you are "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose mouth is like a two-edged sword, whose feet are like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", means that you have not joined the ranks of the witnesses. This means that you have not joined the ranks of the witnesses, that your imams are "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", that your imams are devilish "Ibrahim", and that you are minions of the devil who have gone astray.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (54): "The devil and Allah have plotted" in order to become Christ.
54. "They use tricks, and Allah uses tricks, and Allah is the best of those who use tricks." (1) "They, the devils," Ibrahim, have used tricks to enter into religions and make up all sorts of "works of magic" under the guise of Allah, so that those who believe in Allah "lose heart" and are reduced to believing in the devil. "(2) Allah also uses tricks and schemes to promote magic. (2) God has also used the trick of bringing angels down to earth to become His messengers and to promote the "unchangeable truth" by exposing the true nature of the devil in word and deed, so that the devil, "Ibrahim", becomes a "living target and a companion" for the making of Christ. This is what the devil is all about. This is the law of the universe that "the devil is one foot higher than the Tao".
(3) God is the most skillful of schemers, and He has placed the Book of Revelation, which demonstrates "the infallible truth of God's way of making man a Christ to heaven", at the end of the Bible. Those who became Jews without seeing the Book of Revelation were the first minions to be eliminated, because the Bible was preceded by the Old Testament, and those who did not understand Genesis did not know that the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" were Allah is presenting a demonic image. Therefore, the only way to understand the whole Bible is to begin with the Book of Revelation, which follows the Bible, and become "the Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". (4) If you do not understand the book of Revelation, you do not know the eight marks of "Christ", nor do you know what the "Christianity of Jesus" is. If you can't get out of the Bible, if you can't get out of God's scheme, you can't become a Christ, and you become a devil's slave who is lost in the Bible, "worshipping and praying".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 24 December 2017 09:08 10:11 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









