The Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (19-21) Enduring Women's Disadvantages
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (19) Enduring Women's Shortcomings for the Benefit of Allah
19. "O you who believe! You shall not take women as an inheritance, nor shall you oppress them so that you may take back a portion of what you have given them, unless they have committed a clear scandal. You shall treat them well. And if you dislike them, (then) bear with them, for perhaps you dislike a thing in which Allah has placed many benefits." : (1) O you who believe in Allah! Respect their human rights, treat them equally and give them a free and equal existence. (2) Men must not oppress them or take back a part of the bride price you have given them, unless they have committed an obvious scandal. (3) You men shall treat their women well. (4) If you dislike their faults in some way, this is normal, for everyone has faults and strengths. You should put up with their faults because you love their virtues. (5) Perhaps there is one thing that you men dislike in women, but Allah has placed many benefits in that thing, and you will get them if you can bear them.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (20) Do not take back the slightest thing that you once gave to your ex-wife
20. "If you repudiate a wife and take another, do not take back a single penny, even if you have given a thousand taels of gold to your former wife. Shall you take it back by slandering and defrauding it?" (1) If one remarries after divorce, one should not take back the slightest thing that one has given to one's former wife. (2) If you want to get it back by slandering and wronging your ex-wife, this is a wrong thing that only the unrighteous do.

(21) An ungrateful person who breaks a covenant of his own accord cannot take back what he has given to his ex-wife.
21. "How can you take it back? You have been in bed together, and they have made a firm covenant with you." (1) As you have slept together, you are one person, and what you have given to your ex-wife is given to yourself, so you cannot take it back. (2) Since you have slept together, you have entered into a solid covenant with them, and you are the one who has broken the covenant on your own initiative, and you are the negative person who is ashamed of your ex-wife, so there is no reason for your ex-wife to return to you the property that has been given to her, and you cannot take it back.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 10 June 2018 16:19 19:59 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











Qur'an, Chapter 4 Women (Nisa'i) (15-18) The Scandal of Evil
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 4 (15) Dealing with women who commit scandalous and evil deeds
15. "And if your women commit scandal, seek four witnesses from among your men; and if they have testified, then you shall detain them in your houses until they die, or Allah will make a way out for them." : (1) Lawful sexual relations between a man and a woman are not "scandalous or evil". If a man and a woman have illicit sexual relations with each other, they are committing scandal and adultery. (2) If your women commit scandal, you should rebuke them both; if they repent of their sins, you should forgive them both. If your women do not repent of their sins, so that they can seek four people who are willing to testify to their scandalous deeds, it means that she has gained a bad reputation and has reached the point of corruption and has become a notorious devil, so you should detain them in your homes until they die, and never let such a devil corrupt the glory of Islam. (3) After a period of compulsory isolation, if she does repent of her sins, perhaps Allah will open a way out for them.
(16) And Allah is Forgiving, Merciful to those who repent of their sins.
16. "And if your men commit scandal, rebuke them both, but if they repent, forgive them both. Indeed, Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful." : (1) Allah is not forgiving and merciful to everyone, but only to those who repent of their sins. (2) Allah is not Forgiving and Merciful to those who do not repent of their sins.
The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (17) Forgiveness is only for those who repent of their sins soon after they have committed them.
17. "Allah forgives only those who do evil in ignorance and repent of their sins soon afterwards; such are those whom Allah will forgive. Allah is All-Knowing, Most Wise." (1) Those who do evil out of ignorance for a moment and then repent of their sins soon after they feel that they have done wrong, only such people will be forgiven by Allah. (2) If one commits evil many times out of ignorance, so that he becomes accustomed to it and has no sense of repentance at all, such a person will not be forgiven. (3) And whoever is ignorant and repents of his sins soon after committing them, and whoever is accustomed to committing them without any sense of repentance, Allah is All-Knowing and Wise.
The Qur'an, Chapter 4 (18) Do not say, "Now I have indeed repented of my sins," until you are on your deathbed.
18. "He who has done evil all his life and is dying and says, "Now I have indeed repented of my sins, is not forgiven; nor is he who is dying and does not believe forgiven. For such We have prepared for them a painful punishment." (1) "He who has done evil all his life and is dying says, Now I have indeed repented of my sins, but am not forgiven" because he has not shown those around him how he repented of his sins and he has not had the effect of teaching the world to turn from evil to good, so he has no merit and cannot make up for his mistakes, and therefore "is not forgiven (2) "A man who has done evil for a lifetime". (2) "Those who have been evil all their lives and who say only at their death: Now I have indeed repented of my sins" have repented too late, and Allah has prepared for them a painful punishment.
Posted by Li Huaizhu on 10 June 2018 15:17 16:08 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei

 
Namo Maitreya Buddha!Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!Namo Gong Zhang Zu!Namo Rutong Buddha!
Read the original article



