The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2, The Yellow Cow (153-154) "Devotional Worship" is not the main way "of the Lord"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (153) "Worship" is not "devotional worship, circumambulation, devotional abiding, bowing and bowing"
153. "O you who believe! Seek blessing through patience and worship. Indeed, Allah is with those who persevere." (1) Because "146. there is a faction of them who do knowingly conceal the truth", there are two types of "believers": those who do not conceal the truth and are obedient to the Messenger of Allah, and those who "(2) Because there is "obedience to the truth", they are obedient to the Messenger of the Devil, Ibn Ibrahim. (2) There are two categories of "believers" because there are "the unrighteous who submit to their selfish desires and the righteous who overcome them". (3) Because there are "those who obeyed the Messenger and those who betrayed him", there are two categories of "those who believe". (4) There are two categories of believers because there are "messengers of Allah and messengers of the devil". (5) There are two categories of "believers" because there is the teaching of "making a man Christ" and the teaching of making a man a "servant of Allah in worship". (6) There are two categories of "believers" because the twins of "Christ and the devil" are both born of "Allah", the "old mother", and will have a great deal to say about each other. (6) There are two categories of "believers" because they are twins of Christ and the devil, both born of the "old mother", "Allah", and both will exist side by side for all eternity, both being immortal. "The devil will never cease to corrupt Christianity. (7) There are fifty images of the devil "Ibrahim", called the "fifty demons", which are a clear classification of the dark parts of our hearts (selfish desires, shadows). O you who believe! Do you remember? If we are not sufficiently alert to the "fifty demons", we will unwittingly be pulled down by the "fifty demons" and transformed into "Ibrahim", the devil who promotes magic in the name of Allah. (8) Read to you from Allah. (8) He who reads to you the signs of Allah, who inculcates you as "sons and daughters of Allah", who teaches you the lessons of the present Christ and the wisdom of becoming Christ, and who teaches you what you do not know, whether or not he is "one of your people This man, whether he is "one of your people" or not, is a messenger of God and not a messenger of the devil, "Ibrahim". Do you remember this, Muslim brothers?
(9) "And ask for help through patience and worship" is a word from Allah to see if you have a lazy "greed". If you know what true patience and worship are, you will not ask for help. If you don't know what true "patience and worship" are, you will "ask for help". He who does not ask for help is a "child of God", a Christ of this world. "Those who ask for help because they do not have the wisdom to misinterpret "patience and worship" and meet an imam who is the messenger of the devil "Ibrahim (10) "Perseverance" is the "servant of God". (10) "Perseverance" is not becoming a "servant of Allah in worship" because one is a child of "Allah", the "old mother (10) "Perseverance" means not becoming a "servant of God", because one is a child of "God", the "old mother", and one does not need to ask "the old mother" at all, as long as one is a good person who "keeps the five precepts" (not killing, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, not drinking) and has a clear conscience. Even if they do not return to Paradise, they will not fear the punishment of Hell. The reason Allah mentions "patience" is to warn Muslims to be wise and not to "follow the crowd" when many people go to the mosques to worship Allah in obedience to the "imams". The Muslims are warned to be wise. If you see many people going to the mosque to worship Allah in obedience to the "imam", and you follow the trend, you are not being "patient". (11) How can an "old mother" care about her "children's" worship when Allah is the Mother of all creation? "How can an old mother care about the devotion of her children? How can an "old mother" care about the pious worship of her "children" when she sees that instead of going about their normal work and devoting their lives to the development of society, they spend a great deal of time in "pious worship", full of delusions of grandeur? How can such foolishness and ignorance not chill the hearts of the "old mothers" when they see their "sons and daughters" spending a lot of time in "devotional worship" instead of devoting their lives to the development of society, "seeking blessings" and "deceiving themselves and others"? Muslim brothers, do you know why you have to be "patient"?
(12) Allah is the Old Mother who gave birth to all things, and the "soul" that is in each of us is born of the Old Mother. The "soul" that is in each of us is born of the "Old Mother" and is a saint like Allah. Our "soul" in this life is a continuation of the "soul", a reincarnation of the "soul", a "soul" It is the "soul" that comes down to earth to fulfil its duty to "build a paradise on earth". As soon as the soul reaches the level of the "soul", it will be able to see God and will have the words and actions of Jesus. In order to bring our souls to the level of "souls", the Old Mother sent messengers to the nations to preach the law to the "children of God" in all countries. "In this way the five great religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam were created. (13) The "worship" of the "Old Mother" is found in all five religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. The words of Buddhism on "worship" are: to see oneself, not to take in appearances, to be as one is, to be without eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind, and so on. Taoism's words on "worship" are: to be free of action, to do nothing, to taste nothing; to be in a state of emptiness, to keep quiet; to have a still mind, no thoughts, no worries; and so on. Confucianism's words on 'worship' are: see but do not see, hear but do not hear, and realize the truth. The Christian word for "worship" is: Revelation 20:2 And he caught the dragon, the ancient serpent, called the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years. 20:3 And he cast him into the bottomless pit, and closed it, and sealed it with a seal, so that he should not confound the nations again. And when that thousand years is finished, after that it must be released for a time." (14) "Worship" is a training in meditation, not "devotional worship" at all, but a way of meditation in which one is "alone" in one place with one's feet on the ground, that is "Sitting upright. The imams of the Islamic world predominate in "devotional worship, circling and salutation, devotional abiding, bowing and bowing", and such "worship" is the production of "devil's minions" by the devil's "Ibrahim". Such "worship" is the "production line" of the devil's "minions".
(15) Revelation 20:3 And cast it into the bottomless pit, and closed it, and sealed it with a seal, so that it should not confound the nations any more. And when that thousand years is finished, afterwards it must be released for a time." (1) The "bottomless pit" is the endless desire of man. For man's desires are endless, like the "bottomless pit", and thus the "bottomless pit" is created. (2) The "kingdoms" are not the countries of the world, but the "eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind" of human beings, the six gates of the kingdoms. In the Heart Sutra, "no eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind", the sense organs are closed, there are no desires, "no thoughts, no worries, the mind is still", and the "devil and Satan" are thrown into the bottomless pit. The devil and Satan will be thrown into the bottomless pit. Knowing this, we have "closed the bottomless pit and sealed it with a seal", and it will no longer confuse the practitioners of the nations. (3) This is a necessary part of Christ's mental training, that is, to give Christ the mental stability to be able to live his daily life in such a way that he is "unmoved by ruin, unmoved by mourning, unmoved by danger, unmoved by chaos, unmoved by sex, unmoved by wealth".
(d) This is the subject of the "training in meditation", starting with a minimum of ten minutes and gradually increasing the time thereafter. This is why "when the 1,000 years are over, we must release it for the time being". (5) This method of practice is not natural breathing, but a "different" method of breathing, which Jesus practised in those days, but God did not allow him to pass it on to his disciples because there was not enough time. This complete method of practice is the Taoist Golden Elixir, one of the three teachings of the Chinese Lambs that make up the "Baiyang Buddhism". No one can become a true Christ without learning this "life-cultivating" method of practice. (6) When one has the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and, like Jesus, calls the Judaizers "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and exposes the true nature of Satan, the "church group" that is brutalizing Christians, this is a demonstration of one's own nature This is a way of "cultivating one's nature", a general attitude of being "one with God" (the Son of God). This is the way of "cultivating one's life" and "cultivating one's nature" by revealing the true nature of the devil.
(16) To have wisdom and vision, not to go to the mosque and "follow the crowd", not to "worship piously, pay homage in a circle, abide piously and bow down", not to become a "pious worshipper, a circling salutatorian, a pious It is only when you do not become a "pious worshipper, a circumambulator, a pious abider, and a bower" that you become one of Allah's "firm and worshippers". When you have become a "pious worshipper, a swirling salutatorian, a pious abbot and a bowing bower" and have become accustomed to it, asking you to correct your mistakes will be like "asking for your life". The spirituality of your "soul" has been wiped out by the magic of the devil, "Ibrahim", and the spirituality of your "soul" has metamorphosed into "devilishness". "You have become a hard-core spiritual devil, "Ibrahim", and you will rebel against Christ's words and actions from the devil's point of view. (17) "God" is our true master in this life, our "soul" which is "one with God" and which we all have. Our "soul" does not do this deliberately, but rather we do it mindlessly and naturally, revealing the true nature of God. By revealing the true nature of the devil, we are revealing the true nature of God.
(18) Because "Allah" (the soul) is from heaven, we all have the curiosity to believe in religion, to aspire to heaven and to return to it. The only purpose of religion is the process of knowing the true nature of God (the soul). Becoming a "worshipper, a swirler, a dweller, a bower" is the opposite of the magic of knowing the true nature of God (the soul). It is a form of magic that is the opposite of the "unchangeable law" of knowing the true nature of God. "The "lessons of worship" make Muslims forget the true nature of Allah (soul) and break the way back to heaven, so that they fall into hell with the "soul" of this life and live in vain in this life. We will not be reincarnated again. (19) Do you understand? (19) Do you understand? "Indeed, Allah is with those who are patient", and those who do not become "pious worshippers, swirling salutations, pious abiders and bowers", and who turn lawlessness into dharma (non-action), are "the patient". The "firmament" is the one who has been with God. The "soul" of the stoic, who is "one with God", is self-existent and exists. By becoming a "pious worshipper, a circumambulator, a pious abbot and a bower", the "soul" of the "one with Allah" is made to exist by these "pious worshippers, circumambulators and bowers". The "soul" that is "one with God" is obliterated by these man-made methods of "devotional worship, circumambulation, devotional observance, bowing and bowing" and so on, so that "God" (the soul) is cut off from the path to heaven and falls into hell with the "soul" of this life. The soul will then live in vain in this life and go back to the cycle of rebirth.
(20) "43. And observe your worship and complete your zakat and bow with those who bow. 45. And seek blessing through patience and worship. 110. And observe your worship and complete your zakat. 125. And you shall worship in the place of Ibrahim. And We commanded Ibrahim and Ishmael, saying, "Both of you should cleanse My house for those who whirl around and pay homage, and for those who dwell piously, and for those who bow down and bow down." Did you see that? This is a reminder to Muslims that they must be clear about what Allah's "worship" is, and that if they hastily interpret it to mean "the work of devout worship", they will become the minions of the devil, "Ibrahim". The Qur'an

(154) The one who exposes the devil's group is the Messenger of the Lord.
154. "And those who are killed for the Lord, do not say that they are dead; in fact, they are alive, but you do not know it." (1) Quote: "47. Remember the grace We have bestowed upon you and that We have raised you above the world.51. Then We made a covenant with Musa for forty days.62. The believers, the Jews, the Christians, the star-worshipers.111. They said: Never shall anyone but the Jews and the Christians enter Paradise. This is their delusion.113. The Jews and the Christians, who recite the Scripture of Heaven.120. The Jews and the Christians will never like you until you submit to their religion.130. Who would despise the religion of Ibrahim except the presumptuous?135. They say: You should become Jews and Christians so that you may attain to the right path.140. Have you said "Ibrahim, Ishmael, Ishagh, Yair Khu Bai, and the branches, are all Judaizers, or Christians?" (2) What I have quoted here is just a part of the verses that precede the Qur'an, which are reminders of "Judaism and Christianity", reminding Muslims that Jesus was crucified by Judaism, as you all know. (3) As a normal person who knows that "Jesus was crucified by Judaism", one should take it for granted that Jesus was a revolutionary who overthrew Judaism with Christianity, and that Jesus used his crucifixion to warn the world that "Judaism is a devilish group of people who kill lives ". If one knows that "Jesus was crucified by Judaism" and yet "classifies the Jewish prophet as a saint" along with Jesus who overthrew Judaism, then one is not only not a normal person, but one who has been "deluded" by the devil "Ibrahim". Such a person is not a normal person, but a lackey who has been "drugged" by the devil, "Ibrahim", and has become a beast in human skin who "does not know right from wrong and takes falsehood for truth".
(4) Jesus called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" because he understood Genesis 1:29 when God said, "Behold! I give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel." So Jesus knew: this was God's "commandment" not to "eat meat", and this was God's "command and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism ". Those who do not take these words to heart and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. Jesus knew that he who kills animals for sacrifice to God, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God who "does not eat meat, does not kill, and is a vegetarian". Jesus knew that the Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" was the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe a righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish, to become a farce of "covering their ears and making a mistake". This is the behaviour and mentality of a vile and shameless devil. (5) The reason why Jesus called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" is that Jesus understood Genesis 4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man meet him and kill him." Thus Jesus learned that "whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold" because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD" and killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep "This shows that the LORD rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. Jesus learned that those who killed the one who took the "flesh of the animal and sacrificed it" to Yahweh would be under Yahweh's focused protection. Jesus learned that Judaism, which originated from "Abraham" (Ibrahim) who killed animals for "burnt offerings" to God, was a group of demonic "Ibrahim" who corrupted God's teachings under the guise of God. (6) Jesus saw that the "Jewish religion" of killing animals for "burnt offerings" to God was a group of devils who corrupted God's religion under the guise of God.
(6) Jesus saw the ugly performance of the demon-possessed minions of the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis and saw that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a group of demonic "Ibrahim" who corrupted God's teaching under the guise of God, and in "Jesus chose between "being killed for the Lord's sake" and "not living for the Lord's sake", and would never have watched the Lord's word being corrupted by the devil's group for the sake of his own life. He therefore gave up the despicable option of "not living for the Lord". (7) The words and actions of Jesus in overthrowing the Jewish devilish group are found in Matthew 23.
(8) Jesus first became a demonic Christ and then read the Old Testament and discovered that the "Jewish prophets" were all serving time in hell, which was the main reason for Jesus' overthrow of Judaism. Jesus became the Christ because he had learned the "worship" taught by God, but God forbade him to teach it to Christians because the time period (dharma) for Christianity to become the Christ was very short. Jesus left in the Book of Revelation, on the tenth anniversary of his death, the "eight signs of Christ" (the essence of Christianity) that he had practised during his lifetime, as recorded by Joseph. (9) Jesus did not cherish his life, but gave his life as a "long warning bell" so that more people might see the true nature of "Judaism as a devilish group" and be spared. He became "the one who was killed for the Lord's sake" and the "Christian master" who fulfilled his mission, returned to God and became known worldwide.
(10) Jesus was a "standard example and model" for future generations of "religious people" who became the "standard of Christ's return to heaven". "Do not say that they are dead; in fact, they are alive, the "children of God" who live forever in heaven. (11) The doctrine of Judaism, which makes the faithful "swirlers of salutations, pious abiders, bowers of the head" and does not allow people to become Christ, is the same as the doctrine of the Qur'an as interpreted by the "imams" of the Islamic world today, which shows that the Satanic devil is the same as the "virus". It shows that Satan and the devil are the same as "viruses" and that they have no borders. The fact that the Islamic world believes in the Old Testament and that the devil "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is listed as a saint along with "Jesus and Muhammad" is a sign of Jewish dominance in the Islamic world and shows that the devil This is a manifestation of Jewish domination of the Islamic world, which means that the devil "Ibrahim" dominates the "Imamate". This is the reason why the Qur'an mentions "the end of the world", because after the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the True Qur'an will be transmitted to the Islamic world, triggering a religious revolution in which the revolutionaries will judge the devil's group.
(12) After Christianity became the state religion of Rome, the "chanting of hymns and prayers, charity", etc., which were not the "teachings of Jesus' words and deeds" replaced Christian doctrine, a sign that Christianity had been infiltrated by the Jewish community and had become a devilish group. After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the True Exposition of Genesis and the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation will be transmitted to the Christian world, triggering a religious revolution and a great judgment of the devilish group by revolutionaries. The Book of Revelation is very detailed, you will know it when you read it. (13) I repeat! Allah is the sovereign of the universe, not the seemingly powerful "imams and church groups". "The seemingly powerful demonic groups will fall apart in a short time after the beginning of the Last Judgement. Many of us will witness the arrival and process of this historical moment.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 24 November 2017 09:45 14:20 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









