The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imams (162-164) The Imams are the People of the Wrath of God
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(162) The Imam is not a messenger of God, but a messenger of the devil, a "man of the wrath of God".
162: "Is he who seeks the pleasure of Allah like one who deserves Allah's wrath? His place of return is the Fire, and that is a bad place of return." (1) He who does not leave his possessions to his family before he dies does not "encroach on public goods", but is "a man who is pleasing to God". (2) In verse 23 of the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus scolds the Jewish imam as a "blind leader", revealing the true face of Christ, who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". "The one who seeks God's pleasure To seek the pleasure of God is to become a bearer of the infallible teachings of Christ, and to prove that you have become a Christ like Jesus by rebuking Judaism in word and deed. If you do not rebuke Judaism, and you do not have proof of becoming a Christ like Jesus, you are not a "seeker after the pleasure of God". (3) The imams of Islam do not allow Muslims to become Christ like Jesus (the Son of God), but instead they make them into "swirling salutations, pious dwellers, bowers" who only "worship piously", all of which are images of trembling minions of the devil's cave. Therefore, the imams of Islam are not messengers of God but messengers of the devil, "those who are subject to the wrath of God". The Muslims who follow the Imam's teachings are "those who seek the wrath of Allah" and are all fearful minions of the devil's cave, and are all tortured in the Fire. (4) Those who take the Qur'an and fail to understand its meaning, and who, because they want the honour and status of an "imam", misinterpret the verses and commit the mortal sin of slandering God, demagoguing people and harming their lives, will end up in the Fire, which is a very bad place to end up.

Chapter 3 of the True Exposition of the Qur'an (163) divides imams into many classes according to their different actions.
163. "They are divided into many classes in the sight of Allah. And Allah is Aware of their deeds." : (1) Allah has divided the imams into many ranks according to the different consequences of their different words and deeds. (2) Because the Imams do not make the Muslims "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", but rather they make the Muslims "the swirlers of salutations, the pious, the dwellers, and the bowers" who only "observe worship". Therefore, the more Muslims an imam teaches and the wider the area he teaches, the more serious the consequences of his misleading words and actions and the greater his sin.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (164) After Muhammad, the Islamists and the Christians they are indeed in a clear misguidance.
164: "Indeed, Allah has shown mercy to the believers, for He has sent among them a messenger of the same people to read to them His signs and to inculcate them and to teach them the Scripture and wisdom, and before that they were indeed in manifest disbelief." : (1) Indeed, Allah has shown mercy to the believers in Allah, for He has sent among them a messenger of the same people, and this messenger was Muhammad. Let Muhammad read to them Muslims the signs of Allah and inculcate them with the infallible law of Allah, teaching them the Divine Scriptures of becoming Christ back to Heaven and the wisdom of becoming Christ. Before Muhammad, because no one understood the original meaning of the Bible, the Muslims and Christians were indeed in a manifest misunderstanding. (2) After the death of Muhammad, Islam split into Sunni and Shia, although both schools practised the Qur'an, as can be seen from the fact that the imams made the Muslims into "swirling salutations, pious dwellers, bowers" who would only "worship with devotion". It is clear that no one in the Islamic world has really interpreted the Qur'an, which means that they have not understood the Bible.
(3) Muhammad first read the Bible thoroughly, knew what was true and what was false, and compiled the Qur'an by borrowing some of the things in the Bible, so it is impossible to read the Qur'an without understanding the Bible. The fact that there is no imam in the Islamic world who exposes Judaism for what it is, as Jesus did, as a devilish group, means that there is no one in the Islamic world who understands the Bible and, therefore, it is impossible for them to read the Qur'an and they can only misinterpret it. (4) That is to say: only one Muhammad understood the Bible, and he left behind the Qur'an with its events; after Muhammad, no one understood the Bible anymore. Before Muhammad, Islamists and Christians were in obvious error because no one understood the Bible in its true sense. After Muhammad, the Muslims and Christians were all slaves to worship, and none of them became Christ like Jesus, so they were indeed in a manifest error, and that is why the Islamic world uses the moon as a symbol.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 June 2018 08:57 11:00 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









