The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (48-49) Jesus Cannot Awaken the Beast Made of Clay
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(48) Those who do not know that the New Testament overthrows the Old Testament are the minions of the devil, Ibn Ibrahim.
48. "And he would teach him calligraphy and wisdom, and the Book of the Rastah and the Book of the Qur'an": (1) Allah wants to teach Jesus "calligraphy and wisdom", and this is the "test question". "Calligraphy and wisdom" are taught by men, not by Allah directly. Allah directed Jesus to a master of his own specialty in order to learn "calligraphy" and possess "wisdom". If you ignore the words "to teach him calligraphy and wisdom" and mistake them for the true "teaching him calligraphy and wisdom", you will be tested and become a devil's slave who is biased. (2) The Torah is the Old Testament, a classic of Jewish practice, and the Jews did not see that God had used "reverse thinking" in it to show that the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham The Jews did not see that God had used "reverse thinking" to show that the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" were all demon-possessed, thus making Judaism a demonic group. If you read the Old Testament and do not know that Judaism is a demonic group, but still practice the Old Testament, you become a minion of the devil "Ibrahim".
(3) The Catechism is the part of the New Testament that records the words and actions of Jesus and his disciples. The words of Jesus overthrowing Judaism are found in the 23rd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew. Jesus caused panic in Judaism by exposing the true nature of the Jewish devilish group, and so Judaism crucified Jesus, once again exposing the true nature of the devilish group that was murdering lives. (4) With the fact of his "crucifixion", Jesus told the world that "Judaism is a devilish group of murderers". If we do not know through the fact of Jesus' "crucifixion" that "Judaism is a life-threatening group of demons", then Jesus' blood was shed in vain. If we know through the fact of Jesus' "crucifixion" that "Judaism is a life-threatening group of demons" and thus turn away from it, Jesus has saved us and his blood has not been shed in vain.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (49), shows the world the true nature of Judaism as a devilish and life-threatening group, and this was Jesus' mission in life.
49. "And he will cause him to go and teach the children of Israel. I have indeed brought to you a sign from your Lord. And We will make for you a bird-like thing of clay, and when We breathe in it, it will fly by the command of Allah. I am able, by the command of Allah, to heal natural blindness and leprosy, and to raise the dead, and to tell you what you eat and what you store in your houses. And for you there is indeed a sign in this, if you are believers." (1) In the 23rd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus rebukes the Jewish prophets as "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" because they all misinterpret the Old Testament, and the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" in Genesis The "Jewish prophets", after "Abraham" in Genesis, are all incarnations of the devil and "negative texts", and it was God who made the Jews aware of the true nature of the devil, and the Jews understood them all according to the "straightforward" literary method. The Jews understood them in a "straightforward" literary way, and they understood them backwards, so that Judaism was a devilish group. This is the reason why the Lord wanted Jesus to teach the children of Israel. (2) In the 23rd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus rebukes the Jewish prophets as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and Judaism crucifies Jesus, once again revealing the true nature of the devilish group that was responsible for the cruelty to life. This is how Jesus brought to you "a sign from your Lord". If you are still unable to know that Judaism is a devilish, life-threatening group, and still consider the "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) as "saints of the Islamic faith "He also regards the Jewish Old Testament as the "classic of the Islamic faith", stating that "a sign from your Lord has been brought to you", but you have not seen it and have ignored it This means that you are all minions of the devil's cave who have drunk from the devil's "Ibrahim", that your imams are all "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders", and that your imams are all corrupters of Islam from within under the guise of God. "Prophet of Judaism".
(3) "Surely We have made for you a thing like a bird out of clay, and We breathe in it, and it flies by the command of Allah", which was not done by Jesus, it was done by Allah in the first chapter of Genesis. This was done by God in the first chapter of the Book of Genesis. All human beings and animals in this world were "made of clay" by Eve, and when she blew on it, it moved at the command of God. (4) A "bird of prey" can fly from one place to another, a metaphor for a "text" that conveys a message. When you read the Gospel of Matthew and know that Judaism, which crucified Jesus, was a devilish group that killed people, you have understood the meaning of the classics, just as Jesus "breathed on you" and you became "the Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". Then you become a bird of prey that flies at the command of God. If you do not understand the Scriptures and do not see Judaism as a demonic group, you are "a bird made of clay" because you have not been "breathed on" by Jesus and have not received his teachings. All those whom Jesus awakens will become Christ. Jesus cannot wake up a beast made of clay.
(5) In the Gospel of Matthew, the stories about Jesus "healing natural blindness and leprosy, and raising the dead, and telling you what you have eaten and what you have stored in your houses" are all Catholic fabrications, imposed on Jesus by the Catholic Church, and not done by Jesus. This is a manifestation of the domination of Christianity by the "Jewish prophets". (6) Jesus was commanded by God to preach the "infallible truth that makes a man a Christ to heaven", not at all to demonstrate his miraculous powers and prove himself. Healing is not free of charge, for sickness is a "sign of retribution", and healing is not possible without a fee, for the patient needs to be "saved from his misfortune".
(7) For you ordinary Muslims, these "Islamic worlds" have no signs of life, and you need the "sun of the East" to see them clearly. (8) If you, Muslims, are shining in the light of the "new moon", are you believers in God and the truthfulness of Christ's return to heaven? Or are you the minions of the devil's cave?

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 Dec 2017 16:50 18:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









