The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Family of Yimran (104-107) Christ guides people to Pure goodness
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (104) Only a "Christ like Jesus" can lead people to goodness.
104. "And let there be some of you who lead men to the highest good, and exhort them to good and abstain from evil; and indeed such are successful." (1) Knowing the true and infallible way revealed in the Book of Revelation for people to become Christ in heaven, to become "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand holds seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the blazing sun, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", and to fulfil his mission, he will be able to This is the attainment of the "highest good". (2) If one does not know what "the highest good" is, and cannot "guide people to the highest good", one cannot truly "advise goodness and abstain from evil", for he will misinterpret the definition of "goodness" and will put the "good" in the wrong place. He will misinterpret the definition of "good" and will do "evil" as "good".
(3) Those who are unaware of the commandment of God in the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an to "eat vegetarianism and not to kill or eat meat" will not know what the "highest good" is and will not be able to "guide people to the highest good". He will not be able to "persuade goodness and abstain from evil" because he will misinterpret the definition of "goodness" and will treat "evil" as "good". "(4) The Muslims in the Arab countries (4) Muslims in Arab countries, there should be some of you who not only have access to "Chinese culture", but also have the mission of spreading the "sunshine of the East" in the Islamic world. (5) The Muslims of the Arab countries, who are the most successful of the Muslims, have the opportunity not only to be exposed to "Chinese culture" but also to have the mission of spreading the "sunshine of the East" in the Islamic world, knowing for themselves what "the best" is, and then to guide people to the best and to advise them to abstain from evil.
(5) There must be some of you Muslims in the Arab countries who, although you have had access to "Chinese culture", do not spread the "sunshine of the East" in the Islamic world, and who regard making people "worship and pray" as "the best". The result of their guidance is that the Muslims are reduced to "whirlers of salutations, devotees of piety, bowers of bowing", none of whom have become Christ (the Son of God), and they have to classify themselves as "Such people can be identified as successful imams because they are the messengers of the devil, Ibrahim. (6) The devil Ibrahim also belongs to the immortal "gods of the heavens" and is a "dark demon" that will never disappear, just like the night. Just as the devil "Ibrahim" came from Christianity into Islam, so he will come from within to corrupt the Middle Kingdom under the guise of promoting the "Sunshine of the East". The world cannot live without them, and without them no one will become a Christ. The devil "Ibrahim" is a "living target" for the making of Christ.

Without the wisdom to distinguish between "the devil and Christ", "one's soul is divided from one's life".
105: "And do not be like those who, after the clear proof has come, divide themselves and argue often; such are the ones who will receive a great punishment." (1) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, when the Book of Genesis, the Book of Revelation and the Qur'an were expounded verse by verse and people knew what "righteousness and magic" were, the "Last Judgement "This is what will happen after the "coming of the evidence", when the existing Christianity and Islam are overthrown because they are all devilish groups under the guise of God. (2) When one enters a religion with the intention of becoming a "Christ like Jesus", one becomes a devilish lackey who obeys the imam and only "worships and prays", without the wisdom to distinguish between "devil and Christ". "的智慧，就是 "自己的灵魂与命魂分裂了"，就是 "自己分裂 "的明证降临了，就是命魂抹杀了灵魂，显现出来愚昧无知的魔性。
(3) Because the verses of Genesis and the Qur'an all say that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) was a "Jewish prophet", he did not see what God had hidden, nor did he know that God had used the literary technique of "thinking backwards "They are indifferent to the passage in Matthew 23 where Jesus rebukes the "Pharisees" (the Jews) and do not know the reason for the crucifixion of Jesus by the Jews. The fact that Jesus is listed as a "saint of the Islamic faith" along with the Jewish prophets, the enemies of Jesus, shows that the Muslim has "split himself" and has become a "schizophrenic". (4) The devil's cave lackey who obeys the imam has long forgotten his original intention of becoming a "Christ like Jesus" and often argues with those who want to become "Christ" because he lists the Jewish prophets whom Jesus overthrew as "saints of the Islamic faith". (5) Those who do not distinguish between right and wrong will be punished with a great penalty, for they have committed the mortal sin of "slandering God and harming the lives of men" by accepting falsehood as truth.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (106), is fair in the face of those who have received the "sun of the east" and become candidates for Christ.
106. "On that Day some faces will become fair, and some faces will become sallow. As for those whose faces are darkened (the God of heaven will say to them): Did you believe the Word and then disbelieve it? Try the punishment for your disbelief." (1) Until the "end of the world", there will be no "eastern sun" in the Islamic world, but a "new moon" shining, and even the "full moon Even the "full moon" is not coloured, but only black and white, and all are "colour blind". (2) After the "end of the world" and the "Last Judgement", the "sun of the East" will shine on the Islamic world, and on that day, some people will come to a higher level, having been good people of the Christian class in their previous lives. In that day, some people come to the Islamic world at a higher level, good people who belonged to the Christian class in their previous lives, wise and enlightened elites in this life, and they receive the "sunlight from the East", which removes the darkness from their minds, and their faces become white. (3) The elite of Islam have accepted the teachings of the True Qur'an, practised the "unalloyed truth of becoming Christ to the heavens", and become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and have removed the darkness that enveloped their minds, and their faces have become white. They are the elite of the solar world.
(4) The word "sallow" refers to the darkness of a person's face, which is a metaphor for ignorance, stubbornness, lack of wisdom and light, and a manifestation of being in the prison of fire. Some people come from a lower level, ordinary people who were below the level of Christ in their past lives, ordinary people who are not wise, conservative and stubborn in their thinking, or bad people who are hard-hearted and evil, they are the incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim", they will not accept the "sunshine of the east They will not accept the "sunlight of the East" and will not be able to remove the gloom that hangs over their minds, so their faces become sallow. (5) The hard-headed sects of Islam do not accept the teachings of the Holy Qur'an, do not practise "the infallible truth of becoming Christ to the heavens", do not want to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", do not remove the darkness from their minds, and are rejected by God. They are the devils of the White Sun, the "Ibrahim".
(6) You believed in Allah and then became Muslims, but you did not believe in "the unchangeable truth of becoming Christ to the heavens" and did not want to become "Christ who has eyes like fire and a rod of iron", but only wanted to become "a whirling salutation, a pious abiding, a bowing, and a bowing. (7) You are not believers in God. (7) You do not believe in the Word of God, but in the Word of the devil, so you are all devils against God, and you can only try the punishment of the Fire.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (107), says of those who have passed on the "five religions of the White Sun Buddhism", and those whose faces have turned white.
107. "As for those whose faces turn white, they will enter into the mercy of Allah and abide therein forever." (1) After the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, the White Sun World, the "world of the white sun", will come to pass, and the original five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, and Islam will be replaced by a single religion. The five religions of Buddhism, Daoism, Confucianism and Islam have been abolished and replaced by the "White Sun Buddhism of the Five Religions", which is the only one that allows people to become Christ. (2) Those who pass on the Five Religions of the White Sun Buddhism are those who have received the "white sunlight" and become white in colour, and they are all all-rounders who have mastered the essence of the Five Religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. They are the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the children of God. They will enter into the mercy of Allah and live in it forever.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 January 2018 07:55 12:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









