The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (111-114) The Devil's Group Will Be Defeated
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (111) You revolutionaries fight against their devilish group, and they will be defeated.
111. "They shall never harm you except by evil words; and if you fight them, they will be defeated and will not be assisted." (1) Muslims who have received the true interpretation of the Qur'an as expounded by the Chinese, and have become Muslims who practice the infallible truth of the Book of Revelation, which makes man a Christ to heaven, are rebels of the Imamate, revolutionaries of the Islamic religious revolution, and "candidates for Christ". (2) You represent the bearers of God's infallible teachings and are the children of God, and the evil words given to you by the imams' group are evidence that they are a devilish group. Apart from the evil words, their imam group must not harm you, for you are the messengers of Allah.
(3) Under the guise of Allah, the imams' group makes Muslims who want to return to heaven forget their original intention of becoming Christ, and makes them become "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and bowing", and none of them becomes Christ (the Son of God). (4) Most of the devil's group are sinners who "destroy life, slander God and harm the lives of people" and are rejected by God. If you revolutionaries fight them, they will be defeated and will not be assisted.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (112), considers the "Prophet of Judaism" to be a "saint of the Muslim faith", which is a sign that the Prophet of Jesus was killed in vain.
112. "Wherever they appear, they will be brought to lowliness, unless they cannot dwell in peace through the covenant of Allah and the covenant of the people, and they will be subject to the wrath of Allah, and they will be brought to distress. This is because they disbelieved in the signs of Allah, and killed the prophets in vain, and this again because they disobeyed their Lord and went beyond the law." (1) The words and actions of Jesus, who called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", reveal the true nature of "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". This is the "sign of God", this is the true way in which God made man to become the Christ and return to heaven, and this is the infallible teaching of God. (2) After reading the book of Genesis, we do not see that these "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are all demonic figures, and we do not see the "metaphors and antitheses" of God in the book of Genesis and the Qur'an. "This is evidence that Jesus was killed in vain, and that the prophets of Judaism after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) were considered "saints of the Muslim faith". This is evidence that Jesus was killed in vain, and is a sign that Muslims do not know right from wrong, and that they have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil "Ibrahim" and have become Jews.
(3) Ignoring the fact that Jesus was "crucified" by Judaism, these "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are regarded as "This is a sign that Muslims have been misled by their imams and have disbelieved in God, that they have killed the prophets of Jesus in vain, and that they have disobeyed their Lord and gone beyond the law. (4) The fact that Jesus was "crucified" by the Jews does not show them that Judaism is a devilish group, which means that they are all Jews who have drunk the devil's "ecstasy" and that wherever they appear, they will be condemned to lowliness.
(5) The "covenant of God" is the true way in which the Book of Revelation makes man Christ's return to heaven. If Muslims do not know the "covenant of Allah", they will misinterpret the meaning of the "pilgrimage to Allah" and will want to go to the "great pilgrimage" to the heavenly house of Mecca, and will turn their hearts and minds away from it and will not be able to live in peace. Such people deserve the wrath of Allah and they will be in distress. (6) Those who do not understand the Book of Genesis, the Book of Revelation and the Holy Qur'an, and who go to the great pilgrimage without having solved their doubts, are in fact misleading others, and are not fulfilling the covenant of honesty and non-deception with the people, and are evil in heart and deceit. Such people deserve the wrath of God, and they will be in distress.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (113) To recite the classics of Allah at night is to leave the guidance of the Imam and to think for oneself.
113. "They are not uniform. There is a school of righteous people among those who believe in the Book, who recite the classics of Allah at night, and who bow down for the sake of Allah." : (1) They Muslims, though all receive the teaching of the Imam, are not uniformly respectful of the Imam's minions of the devil's cave. (2) There is a school of righteous people among those who believe in the Divine Scriptures, who, having heard the Imam's sermons during the day and having doubts, recite Allah's Scriptures at night and find out many things that the Imam has not said, or has said wrongly. (3) They realised that the imam had misled the Muslims by saying the wrong thing, and that the infallible teachings of God had been obliterated by the imam, and they were shocked that God had been slandered by the imam, and they bowed down and took orders for God not to be slandered by the imam any more. The true nature of the children of God.

The acceptance of the "sunlight of the East" in chapter 3 of the Qur'an (114) is a manifestation of the "certainty of God and the Last Day".
114. "They are sure of Allah and the Last Day, and they advise the good and abstain from the evil and strive to do good; such are the good people." (1) 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world", the day when the world's single religion will come to an end and when the "five religions of the Baiyang Dharma" will officially begin. Because the 21st century is the information age, a single religion, far from enabling highly civilised modern man to "raise his spiritual level", has become an obstacle to extreme regression. After the "end of the world", the world will witness a global "apocalyptic judgment", that is, a religious revolution. (2) The group of imams who do not allow Muslims to become the return of Christ to heaven is the target of the "end-time judgment".
(3) To understand the rules of Genesis and the Qur'an regarding "vegetarianism and the prohibition of meat", to practice the rule of "vegetarianism and the prohibition of meat" oneself, and to let others know about the rule of "vegetarianism and the prohibition of meat". "Such a person's words and actions are "to persuade good to abstain from evil and to strive to do good". (4) Accepting the Five Teachings of the White Sun in the same way as the Sun of the East is a sign of "certainty in God and the Last Day". This is a manifestation of being "convinced of Allah and the Last Day". It is also a manifestation of being "convinced of Allah and the Last Day" by asking those around you to accept the "sunlight of the East" and to advise others to escape from the evil cave and to stop being "swirlers and saluters, devotees and bowers". "Such people are good people.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 January 2018 16:20 18:33 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









