The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imran (7-8), which hints at the core teachings
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Chapter 3 (7) of the True Exposition of the Qur'an, "Many hidden verses", is the core doctrinal part of the Qur'an.
7. "He has sent down to you this Scripture, and there are many clear verses in it, which are the basis of the whole Scripture; and there are many other hidden verses. The evil-minded follow the hidden verses and try to confuse the hearts of those who seek the truth of the Scripture. Only God and the learned know the truth of the Scriptures. They say: "We have been assured of it, the clear and the hidden, and it is from our Lord. Only those who are sensible will realise it." (1) The Qur'an, which Allah has sent down to you, contains many clear verses, a literary technique of "straightforward narration", a direct and unobtrusive statement of doctrine, and is an essential part of the whole Scripture. (2) "And many other hidden verses" are not "straightforward" literary devices, but "similes, metaphors, refrains and ellipses", deliberately The purpose of the text is to see who can see that it is "the test of God" and whoever can see it is "the Christ who has passed the test". Whoever fails to see that it is a "test question" and understands it in a "straightforward" literary way, reading only the literal meaning and not understanding the meaning of God at all, has not "passed the test "(3) The Qur'an has been eliminated, and the devil has misinterpreted the scriptures, and has confused people.
(3) The "many hidden verses" of the Qur'an are the core doctrinal part of the Qur'an, the yardstick for distinguishing Christ from the devil's "Ibrahim", the "test" that separates the Muslims from Christ "It is the test that separates the saints from the mortals. (4) The words "follow the hidden verse" of the evil-minded do not indicate that "this is the hidden verse" is a "test" of God, nor do they refer to the "hidden verse" as a "test" of God. "The verse is not a "test question" from God, nor does it complete the verse, nor does it complete the sentence, but only follows it literally, without really explaining the verse. This is a misinterpretation of the verse and a failure to seek the truth of the verse, and is an attempt by the devil, Ibrahim, to confuse people and mislead them into becoming minions of the devil.
(5) Since "only Allah and those who are proficient in the knowledge of the text know the truth of the Scripture", what is "Allah and those who are proficient in the knowledge of the text"? Allah has clearly stated above that "before this Scripture, they will be the guides of the world", meaning that before the Qur'an, the Old Testament and the New Testament will be used as guides for Muslims to open their eyes, to distinguish between right and wrong, and to find "the true path that Allah has made man to become a Christian". This means that in order to discover the interpretation of the Old Testament and the New Testament, Muslims should use it as a guide to the truth of what God has made man. This means that in order to discover and interpret the "many hidden verses" of the Qur'an, one must first clarify the hostile relationship between the Old and New Testaments, and if you do not distinguish between Jesus and "Abraham" (Ibrahim) after these "prophets of Judaism", you must first clarify the relationship between the Old and New Testaments. If you do not have the wisdom to distinguish the hostile relationship between Jesus and these "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim), you are a lackey who has been misled by the "blind guides" into a demonic cave, and you will regard Jesus and the "Jewish prophets" whom he rebuked as You will regard both Jesus and the "Jewish prophets" who scolded him as "saints of the Islamic faith" and the Old and New Testaments as "classics of the Islamic faith". (6) In short, only a Christ like Jesus is "a man of God and a learned man". You do not even know that God's commandment in Genesis to "eat vegetarianism and not to eat meat", nor do you know that killing those who sacrifice animals to God is a righteous person blessed by God, nor do you know that the Jewish prophets who "burnt" God are evil. You are not only not "Allah and the learned", but you are also a minion of the devil's cave of the "Ibn Abdallah". (7) Muslims, if you do not have the words and deeds of "Christ, who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", you are not a "man of God and knowledge", but a slave who has been misled by a "blind guide". You are a lackey who has been misled by a "blind leader".
(8) You should know that "being sure of the Scriptures is very different from understanding them". Being convinced that there is "clear and hidden" is not the same as understanding "clear and hidden". (9) "And they say: We have been assured of it, both explicit and implicit, from our Lord." See clearly that those who speak in this way do not really understand the "clear and hidden" devil, "Ibrahim". (10) Those who take the Bible and find the cause of Jesus' death, and those who find the doctrine of becoming Christ in the Book of Revelation, are the ones who are sensible and will be enlightened. Otherwise, they are people who are not sensible and are held back by the "test questions" and are reduced to the status of minions of the devil's cave.

The following are among the "many hidden verses" of the Qur'an (8), which are "refrains" that cannot be made.
8. "O our Lord! After you have guided us, do not turn our hearts away from the right way, but reward us with the goodness that comes from you, for you are indeed generous." (1) It has already been clearly stated that "this classic, of which there are many explicit verses, is the foundation of the whole Scripture; and there are many other hidden verses", and that all the sentences like the one here, "I beg you," belong to "If you recite and pray these verses as if they were "prayers", you will become the devil's "eboshi". (2) "Please do not turn our hearts away from the right path, but reward us with the goodness that comes from you". This is a "negative" message from Allah to Muslims, so do not follow it. If you do so, you will become a servant of the devil, Ibrahim.
(3) After God has guided you through the Scriptures and the Messenger, you will know that all "wants" are the opposite of "God has made man the true way of Christ to heaven" and that all "wants "This is the opposite of becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and therefore, "Please Do not turn our hearts away from the right way, but reward us with the goodness that comes from you", which is one of the "many hidden verses" and is a "refrain" that cannot be made. (4) Because of the bad habits in society, the human heart (life soul) has a "dark, cowardly and dependent" side, and these "dark, cowardly and dependent" aspects are what prevent us from becoming "sons of God" in this life. These "dark, cowardly and dependent" aspects are the demons that prevent us from becoming "sons of God" in this life. All the words and actions in the classics to "ask for God's blessing" are God's way of magnifying the shadows and demons in our hearts so that we can find our "ills" and thus remove them to become "examinations" for Christ. "This is a form of "refrain". Do you know this, Muslim brothers?
(5) To make you use such a verse as a "prayer for the blessing of God" is a deliberate attempt to make you magnify the "dark, cowardly and dependent" side of your hearts, so that these These "dark, cowardly and dependent" aspects are the demons that prevent you from becoming "sons of God" in this life, so that the imams who make you "worship and pray" are the ones who wipe out your souls and make you slaves of the devil. The imam who makes you "worship and pray" is therefore the demon "Ibrahim" who has wiped out your souls and reduced you to the status of minions in a devil's cave.
(6) It is not Allah who has caused our hearts to deviate from the right path, but "our hearts have deviated from the right path" because we have not been wise enough to be misled by the devil Ibrahim, and if we return to the right path, we will be able to return to it. Allah has never "turned our hearts away from the right path", so to ask Allah "not to turn our hearts away from the right path" is a farce played by a madman. If you do ask, you will become a lackey in the devil's cave of "Ibrahim". (7) Allah has rewarded us for the favours that He has given us, and if He had not rewarded us, we would not be in this world. If you do not even understand this, and instead you really pray and recite the phrase "reward us with the bounty that comes from You", which is "a falsehood that is not true", you are a minion in the devil's cave of "Ibrahim". "You are a minion in a demonic cave having a fit of insanity.
(8) Allah is the infinite vacuum, and all things are given to us by His "Old Mother". All that we need is "indeed from Allah", and we have to invent it with our own diligent hands, and we do not have to "ask Allah for His bounty" to receive it. If you do not even understand this, but really pray and recite the phrase, "Please reward us with the bounty that comes from you", which is "false and empty in the sense that it is not true", then you are a minion in the devil's cave, "Ibrahim". "The minion inside the devil's cave is having an attack of insanity.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 18 December 2017 10:10 15:36 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









