The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Family of Yimran (37-39) God Never Hears Prayer
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (37) The food that comes down from the heavens to nourish the Mary in the temple is a "test" from Allah.
37. "And her Lord accepted her and made her grow up sound, and made Zakariyah nurture her. Whenever Zakariyya went to see her in the inner sanctum, he found sustenance before her and said, "O Mary! How did you come to have this? She said: This has come down from my Lord. Surely Allah provides without measure for those whom He wills." (1) "Zakariyya" was a priest in the temple. Whenever Zakariyya went into the inner sanctum to see the Mary, he found food before her. "Zechariah asked, "O Mary! Why do you have this? (2) The Mary said: This is the food that came down from my Lord in Paradise.
(3) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and Allah does not only provide for those whom He desires without measure, but also for all things which He desires without measure. There are two forms in which Allah provides everything He desires, one direct and one indirect. (4) Surely Allah provides air without measure to those whom He desires. The necessities of life for the normal functioning of the human physiology are to be met by the fruits of human labour, and it is Allah who provides indirectly for those whom He desires.
(5) No one dares to question such a "test" because it is a verse of the Qur'an, and anyone who does not believe that such a thing is impossible is defaming the Qur'an. Therefore, no one has ever seen this falsehood of God, nor has anyone ever become a "Christ with eyes like a flame", which is a consequence of the "Last Judgement" not having arrived, and which is inevitable when the "New Moon" shines. (6) The "righteous believer" in religion is the one who enters religion from the real world and returns from religion to the real world in a sober and rational manner. If one takes what is not possible in the present world to be "miraculous" in the classics, one becomes a "superstitious" person who has not come out of religion.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (38) He who hears prayer is a devil, and God never hears prayer.
38. "And there Zakariyah prayed to his Lord, saying: O my Lord! Grant me an heir of goodness from Thee. Indeed, Thou hearest prayer." (1) "Prayer" is the selfish man who imposes his own ideas on the "righteousness" of the divine and makes the divine a tool to satisfy his delusions. "Prayer is the drug given by the devil "Ibrahim" to the minions of the devil's cave. (2) "And Zechariah prayed to his Lord" shows that Zechariah, the priest in the temple, was a demon-possessed minion, for "prayer" was a drink from the devil. The "prayer" is a farce performed by the minion of the devil's cave who has drunk the ecstasy of "Ibrahim".
(3) "I beg you to grant me a good heir from you" shows that "Zechariah" had no children; it shows that "Zechariah" was a "sinner through God and a demagogue". (4) "You are indeed a good man. (4) "Indeed, you listen to prayer" is what the devil "Ibrahim" wants, and is the opposite of what Allah really is. The devil does listen to prayer, but Allah never listens to prayer.
(5) He is the one who preaches the truth that "God has made man to be Christ, the true way to heaven" by revealing the true nature of the devil's words and deeds, and that he is the "Son of God" who is "one with God". "He never "prays" to God, but communicates directly with Him. (6) Only a slave of the devil's cave, who has no sense of the uniqueness of the true law and does not know what the "unalloyed truth" is, will "pray". "Prayer is one of the devil's magical ways of obliterating the Unseen Truth, and is one of the various forms of the Law of Action.
(7) You have not inherited "God has made man a Christ who has returned to heaven," you have not become "a Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron"; you have been taught by the devil "Your "prayers" are heard only by the devil, for you are all devilish slaves who have drunk the devil's "ebony" ecstasy. You are all minions who have drunk the devil's ecstasy.

(39) The "noble and self-sacrificing" are not "good prophets" at all.
39. "And while Zakariyah was standing in the inner sanctuary praying, the God of Heaven cried out to him, saying: God has pleased you with Yahaya, and he will confirm the word from God, and will grow into a noble, self-restrained man, and will become a prophet of goodness." (1) This is a trick played by the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament, which shows that "Zakariya" was a "Jewish prophet", a demon-possessed slave, a slave of the law who was abused by the devil. (2) Just as Zechariah was a "Jewish prophet", a demon-possessed slave, a legal slave to be abused by the Devil. (2) While Zakariyya was standing in the inner sanctum praying and having a fit of insanity, the demon-changed god of heaven called out to him, saying.
(3) And God gave you the good news by making Yahya your son. "He will confirm the word of God, and will grow up to be a noble and self-restrained man, and will become a prophet of goodness. (4) Jesus used his crucifixion to prove that Judaism was a devilish group that killed people, and called others to turn away from Judaism and to be free from the persecution of the devilish group, and that a Christ like Jesus was a true "prophet of goodness". The "noble ones" are not "self-sacrificing", they are self-exalting demons. The "selfless" are not "noble", but are Christ's who do not take "nobility" to heart and who give up their lives for righteousness. The "noble and self-sacrificing" are not "good prophets" at all, but "Jewish prophets", demon-possessed minions. This is the word of Yahya to confirm the word from God.
(5) Some believe that the word "Yahya" means "JohntheBaptist" in the Bible, but Muslim commentators do not consider the two to be equivalent. (6) "Zakariyya and Yahya" have nothing to do with the New Testament and are a deliberate "falsehood" to test the wisdom of Muslims.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 23 December 2017 09:15 10:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









