The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (124-127) Cutting Out Demons and Becoming Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (124), is a place where the power of the "three thousand gods of the heavens" can be generated in 300 people by being persevering.
124: "Then you said to the believers, "Is it not enough that your Lord has sent down three thousand gods of heaven to assist you?" : (1) On 16 March 624, Muhammad went with more than 300 men to intercept a Meccan caravan returning from Syria. The next day the Muslims met nearly 1,000 Meccan reinforcements at Baider, southwest of Medina, and Muhammad used his wisdom, resulting in a great victory. (2) Strong faith and wisdom gave Muhammad's 300 men the power of "three thousand gods of heaven", not really "three thousand gods of heaven sent down by your Lord to assist you". If you do not have strong faith and wisdom in the use of the army, you will not be able to give 300 men the power of "three thousand gods of heaven". (3) "Is it not enough that your Lord has sent down three thousand gods of heaven to assist you?" This is a test of the wisdom of the believers.

(3) "Is it not enough that your Lord has sent down three thousand gods to assist you?
125: "Otherwise, if you are steadfast and fearful, and your enemies come against you at once, then your Lord will cause five thousand of the gods of the heavens to come to your aid." : (1) "The Lord sends down three thousand gods of heaven to come to your aid," otherwise it is not at all so. If you do so with perseverance and fear of Allah, and the enemy comes against you at once, then the 300 Muslims will have the power of "three thousand gods of the heavens". (2) If you fail to be patient and do not fear Allah, and the enemy comes against you at once, even if your Lord will send five thousand of the gods of heaven to assist you, you will not be able to win because your weakness will not be able to sense the righteousness of the gods of heaven, and you will not be able to "overcome the many with the few and the strong with the weak". (3) If you fail to be patient and do not fear Allah, and the enemy comes against you at once, even if your Lord brings five thousand of the gods of the heavens to your aid, you will not be victorious, because your weakness and inability to sense the righteousness of the gods of the heavens, because the devil 'Ibrahim' will send fifty thousand devils to help the enemy.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (126) is a place where one does not expect help, but fights for his life with the certainty of victory, and is assisted by God.
126. "And Allah has only reported to you with this promise, so that your hearts may be settled thereby. Aid is only from Allah, the Almighty, the Wise." (1) If you expect "the gods of heaven to come to your aid", you will not have the will to fight, you will not fear Allah, you will not feel the righteousness of the gods of heaven whom Allah has sent to your aid, and you will become captives of your enemies. If you think that "the gods of heaven will come to your aid", your mind will be unstable and in turmoil, and you will not be able to show the spirit of the gods of heaven, and you will not be able to "overcome many with few". Therefore, you should never expect the "God of Heaven to come to your aid". Without the extravagant hope that the "God of Heaven will come to your aid", your mind will be stable and you will be able to subdue demons as if you were dying, and you will be able to "overcome many with few". "You will be able to win the battle with less. (2) "Allah" is in the heart of each one of us, and is the aura of righteousness that makes us ready to die. If we do not have the righteousness to die, then we will not be able to get the help of God because we are deluded and cut off from God in the heavens, and we will not be able to win the battle with less.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (127) Cutting off the demon "Ibrahim" and becoming Christ
127: "(He aids you) so that the disbelievers may be cut off in part or abused in whole, so that they may return in defeat." (1) Allah helps those Muslims who do not expect assistance and who dare to overcome the many with the few. The Muslims who hope to be assisted by the God of Heaven will not be assisted because they do not have the will to fight and the righteousness of the God of Heaven, so they will not be able to sense the power of the God of Heaven and will become captives of the strong enemy. (2) The Word of God is one and the same, and God has only one infallible and true Word that makes man a Christ back to heaven. Any Word that does not allow a person to become a Christian is not the Word of God. Those who do not want to become a Christian, those who only "worship and pray", those who "circle and pay homage, those who abide in piety, those who bow down" are "disbelievers" and are devils. They are all minions, demons who corrupt the truth of God from within under the guise of God.
(3) Never hope for divine assistance, but distinguish by your own strength the "disbelievers" in Islam, so that everyone may know that they are the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim" and "either cut off part of them or all of them By doing so, the Muslims are showing that they have been assisted by God and that they have revealed the true face of the Christ who has "eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron". (4) Conversely, if the "disbelievers" in Islam cannot be distinguished, if everyone cannot be made aware of who is the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim", and if "either some or all of them cannot be cut off and humiliated so that Such a Muslim is a sign that he is not assisted by God and is a wisdomless minion of the devil's cave. For religion is a "two-edged sword", and if you cannot be Christ with a "two-edged sword in his mouth", then you are a devil. Religion is a "one-way bridge" and if you can't "cross the bridge" to become a god of heaven to subdue demons, you have fallen off the bridge and into the devil's cave.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 13 January 2018 14:40 15:45 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









