The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imran (27-30) Allah is the "Old Mother"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (27) Allah is the Old Mother of all things from nothing, or "the Lifeless Mother, the Lifeless Old Mother".
27. "And You bring night into day and day into night, and You take creatures out of creatures and creatures out of creatures, and You provide without measure for those whom You desire." (1) "Night" is the night, the feminine, the demon "Ibrahim". "Day" is the day, the masculine, and the gods of the heavens. By making the night and the day go round and round, Allah is also demonstrating the natural law that "Yin and Yang are born together, and what goes around comes around". (2) "No living creature" is a lifeless object, the ultimate vacuum, or "nothing". "Living things" are those that have life, that is, "things"; living things are divided into two categories: invisible and tangible. The "creature out of nothing" means that out of the vacuum of nothing came the invisible soul angels and all things tangible, so that God is the source of the universe and the "old mother" who gave birth to it. This is the "Old Mother" from whom all things are born, or "the Mother of the Lifeless, the Old Mother of the Lifeless".
(3) In all living things there is an invisible core essence, which can be separated from the tangible objects and can return to the ultimate vacuum, that is to say, "to take the inanimate from the animate". (4) God is the source of all things in the universe.

There are two sectarian groups of "co-religionists and allies" in chapter 3 (28) of the True Qur'an
28. "And whoever transgresses this prohibition shall not have the blessing of Allah, unless you fear them (and pretend to entertain them). Allah has made you guard against Himself, and Allah is the final destination." (1) There is the true path of Allah's return to heaven and the demonic path of the devil, "Ibrahim", so there are two kinds of "co-religionists and allies". (2) Both are those who have the idea of becoming Christ and returning to heaven, and both are those who make disciples of "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", although they are believers in different names of God. Although they have different names, they are both people who have the idea of becoming Christ and returning to heaven, and they both teach that their disciples should become "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". These are the "co-religionists and allies" of God's infallible way of bringing people to heaven. (3) All such sects are devils in the guise of Allah, and all such sects are "devout worshippers and prayers" and "swirling salutations, pious abiding and bowing down". All such sects are "co-religionists and allies" of the devil in the guise of Allah, the "Ibrahim".
(4) Muslims are all "pious worshippers and prayers", all "circlers and saluters, pious abiders and bowers", and all those who have not become Christians and have no idea of returning to heaven. You are not disciples of God, so you do not have the blessings of God, but only the blessings of the devil, Ibrahim, and are minions of the devil's cave who have been misled by Ibrahim. (5) God has given you a clear statement of your "co-religionists and allies" so that you may know where you stand, what kind of disciple you are, and who your "co-religionists and allies" are, and in case you do not know what kind of disciple you are, or who your "co-religionists and allies" are. (6) "Allah is the Last of the Faithful.
(6) The phrase "God is the final destination" is an "ellipsis". The full phrase should be: the great wisdom, the finding of the one who has been commanded by God to preach the unchangeable truth, to become the Christ in life, and to return to God in heaven after death, is the final destination of the religious. Your imam is not the one who has been commanded by Allah to preach the truth, and there is no possibility for you to become a Christ in life, and you will not be able to return to Allah in Paradise after death.

(29) God's infallible teaching is the teaching that makes us "all-powerful" and restores the soul to its original form
29. "Say: Allah knows what is in your hearts, whether it be hidden or revealed. He knows all things in the heavens and the earth. And Allah is All-Powerful over all things." (1) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and all our souls are the children of Allah, and "Allah" is in each of us, so "Allah knows what is in your hearts, whether you hide it or confess it". (2) He knows that all things in the heavens and the earth were created by Allah, which means that Allah is the "Old Mother" of all things in the heavens and the earth.
(3) Allah exists in the form of an invisible being and is the soul of all things, so that He is all-powerful in all things. (4) As Allah is "Almighty", so are His children, our souls, "Almighty". Therefore, Allah's infallible teaching is the teaching that allows us to become "almighty" and restore our souls to their original nature. If a Muslim does not have the state of the "Almighty", he or she is in the single speciality of Islam, which means that if he or she has not received the "Almighty", he or she cannot bring the soul to the state of the soul in this life and cannot become a "child of Allah". The children of God" cannot return to Paradise at all.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (30) "The Children of God and the Servants of God", which reveal the true nature of the devil
30. "On that Day, everyone will find the record of his good and evil deeds displayed before him. Everyone will want to have a great distance between himself and that Day. Allah makes you guard against Himself, and Allah is Merciful to all His servants." (1) On the day after the death of the human body, the soul is taken to hell to await trial because it did not practise "the unfailing truth of becoming Christ and returning to heaven", and because it does not remember the mistakes it made during its life, the prison officer "plays a video" of each person, and each person is required to Everyone is shown a record of their good and bad deeds, and there is no chance of denial. (2) Everyone must hope that there will be a great distance between himself and that day. This is a fear of life and death, a desire for the false and foolish appearance of the world, and a failure to practise the true way of becoming Christ to heaven. (3) One should become a disciple before one's death who has practised "the true way of becoming Christ back to heaven", so that one can protect oneself from the punishment of the Fire.
(4) God is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe and to each of our souls, and we are all children of God, not "servants of God" at all, and therefore "God loves all servants" is God's "testament". We are all children of Allah, not "servants of Allah" at all, and therefore "Allah loves all servants" is a test for Allah to see if we know our relationship with Him. If you really think that we are all "servants of Allah", you are a devilish "ebbo" who has been eliminated from the race. (5) We find the present Christ, the "privileged one" who has been commanded by Allah to preach, not some imam with the Qur'an in his hand, who becomes a disciple of the "privileged one", who practices systematically and exposes the devil by exposing him. It is not just some imam with the Qur'an in his hand who becomes the disciple of the "privileged one", who systematically practices and proves himself to be the "Christ with eyes of fire and a rod of iron" by exposing the true nature of the devil, "Ibrahim", and who does his duty to break the true nature of the devil, "Ibrahim", so that (6) Holding a copy of the Qur'an in his hand, he is a servant who has given his life without regret.
(6) The Imam who holds the Qur'an in his hand is not a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", but a "scribe who is a hypocrite and a blind leader", and such an Imam is the devil's "Ibrahim". "servants of the congregation of mercy, for they are responsible for misleading those who believe in Allah into devil's cave minions.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 21 December 2017 10:00 18:40 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









