The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (187-189) The Imam's Concealment of the True Meaning of the Divine Scriptures
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (187) Knowing that Jesus was crucified and not stating that Judaism, which mutilated Jesus, was a demonic group, does not elucidate the Divine Scriptures.
187. "Then Allah made a contract with those who had received the Divine Scripture, saying, "You shall expound it for the world, and you shall not conceal it." But they threw it behind them and traded it for a small price. What a pernicious exchange they made!" (1) Knowing that the Jewish prophets of the Old Testament were demonic figures who slandered God and corrupted His true teaching, and having such an opinion is Christ; such people who have a different opinion are the "recipients of the Scriptures". (2) "To clarify the Scriptures" means to explain to the religious people who practice them in various forms that the Jewish prophets of the Old Testament are all demonic images that slander God and corrupt His true teaching, and that whoever knows that Judaism is a demonic group is "Christ, whose eyes are as a flame of fire and who has received a rod of iron", will be able to live forever in heaven as Jesus did, if Christ fulfils his mission.
(3) Through the crucifixion of Jesus, anyone who is not a psychopath will know that Judaism, which mutilated Jesus, is a devilish group, and that the Jewish prophets are all sons of the devil who slander God and corrupt His true teaching, and that with such an understanding, one is a "man of God". Thus, the threshold for becoming a "People of the Scriptures" is very low. However, instead of exposing the sins of Judaism, they honoured the Jewish prophets as "messengers of God"; instead of shouting for Jesus to rebuke Judaism, they erased the fact that Jesus had overthrown Judaism and founded Christianity, and used the "chanting of hymns and prayers "They did not shout for Jesus' rebuke of Judaism, which obliterated the fact that Jesus had overthrown Judaism and founded Christianity, and they obliterated the core teachings of Christianity by "singing hymns and prayers".
(4) Although they knew that Judaism, which killed Jesus, was a demonic group, they did not therefore state that the prophets of Judaism in the Old Testament were demonic figures who slandered God and corrupted His true teaching, and did not "clarify the meaning of the Scriptures", but rather concealed it; they left it behind and used it for They have left it behind and traded it for the small price of the honour of becoming an imam, which means that they have become captives of the devil, that they have sold their conscience, and that they have become slaves to fame and fortune. (5) Allah has made covenants with many who have read the Bible, but they have all forsaken them and broken them unilaterally. The honour they received in exchange for breaking the covenant was insignificant compared to their mortal sin of slandering God and harming the lives of others. They are the devils of treachery and defection.

True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (188) Imams who do not expose Judaism as a group of demons will be subject to a painful punishment.
188. "There are some who are proud of what they have done, and love to be praised for what they have not done, and you must never think that they will be free from the punishment, but in fact, they will suffer a painful punishment." : (1) The crucifixion of Jesus does not expose the Jewish religion as a demonic group, nor the Jewish prophets as sons of the devil who slandered God and corrupted His true teaching, but also as "those who received the Scriptures". Instead of giving the literal meaning to Muslims, and instead of "expounding the Scriptures" so that the world can become a Christ who can return to heaven, they present themselves as respected imams, simply because they have turned Muslims into "devout worshippers" who only "worship". The imams are not only the "devout worshippers", but also the "pious abiders", the "bowing and bowing". The imams are proud of what they have done. (2) They also have the expectation of being praised for what they have not done, because they have the title of "imam, religious leader". (3) You must not think that they, the "imams and religious leaders", will be free from punishment, but in fact they will be subjected to painful punishment because they have hidden the Divine truth, betrayed their conscience, abandoned their covenant with God and are devils in the guise of God.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (189) No one who has not become a Christ and no Christ who has not fulfilled his mission can live forever in Paradise.
189. "To Allah belongs the power of the kingdoms of the heavens and the earth. And Allah is all-powerful over all things." : (1) The heavens are high above, the yang; the earth is low below, the yin. One yin and one yang make up the taiji, and the infinite creates the taiji. (2) God is the ultimate vacuum, and the heavens and the earth are the "taiji" created by God; therefore, the power of the heavens and the earth belongs to God. (3) God has left in the Bible, through Jesus, the infallible teaching of the return of Christ to heaven, which is the "golden route" of God to bring people to heaven. Anyone who has not found this "golden route", who has not become Christ, and who has not completed his mission, will not be able to live forever in heaven.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 June 2018 15:34 16:58 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









