The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (218-220) Drinking and gambling are great sins
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (218) Let a man become a Christ before he is a fighter for the Lord
218. "And those who believe, who leave their homeland and strive for the Lord, such are they who indeed hope in the mercy of Allah. Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful." (1) Because there is Allah and the devil, "Ibrahim", there are two kinds of the Word, the "unalloyed truth" which makes Muslims "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and the "unalloyed truth" which makes Muslims "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". "There is also the devil's evil way, which makes Muslims "servants of Allah in worship". Thus, there are two kinds of believers: those who are taught by the Messenger of God and are "ready to become Christ", and those who are taught by the Messenger of the Devil in the guise of God and are only "pious worshippers". There are two or more groups of believers because each has a different level of training and understanding of the Way of the Lord. (2) There are two or more groups of people who leave their homeland and fight for the Lord, so it is not the imam who speaks the Qur'an who is the Messenger of God.
(3) Only an imam who makes a Muslim "a son of God with eyes like fire and a staff of iron" is a Messenger of God. The words and deeds of the imams who scolded the group as "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders" show that they have the same realm of "sons of God" as Jesus, and that such people are indeed able to bring the mercy of God to the Muslims who receive them and do not disappoint their hopes. (4) Not to allow Muslims to become "sons of God". (4) The imams who do not allow Muslims to become "sons of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and who only allow them to become "servants of God in worship" are the devil's "Ibrahim". "Such people, indeed, do not allow Muslims to receive the mercy of God, but only disappoint their hopes, because they teach Muslims who "only know words, do not know the meaning of the scriptures, do not know metaphors and antitheses", do not have great wisdom, cannot think independently, and such fools can only receive the mercy of the devil. Such muddleheads can only receive the devil's mercy.
(5) When the Last Judgement opens, the "Sun of the East" (the True Explanation of the Qur'an) will dull the "crescent" (the indoctrination of the Imamate) of the Islamic world, and those who have accepted the "Sun of the East" will be able to see the light of day. "Muslims who have received the "Sunshine of the East" must pass it on to those around them, so that those imams will abandon their misinterpretations and misrepresentations and teach Muslims with the "Sunshine of the East" (the True Explanation of the Qur'an). This is the only way to obtain the forgiveness of sins from God. Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful. (6) The group of imams, when confronted with the "Sunshine of the East" (the True Explanation of the Qur'an), not only failed to examine their own ignorance, but also openly contradicted it, that is, they did not acknowledge that they were "Ibrahim" who had misled the Muslims into slavery in the devil's cave. They have not "changed their ways and made up for their mistakes". Allah forsakes those who have become hysterical and evil, and "Allah's Forgiveness and Mercy" is far from them.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (219) "It is the hope of God that the Sons of God will give the righteousness of fearlessness
219. "They asked you about drinking and gambling, and you said: Both of these things contain great sins, and both have many benefits for the world, and their sins are greater than their benefits. They asked you what they should give, and you said, Give what is left over. Thus Allah clarifies for you all the signs, so that you may think of the affairs of this world and the Hereafter." (1) "Drinking wine and gambling" is a commandment of Allah, and if one drinks wine or engages in gambling, one has transgressed the commandments of Allah and is guilty of sin and will be punished by Allah. (2) The two sins of drinking and gambling both include the great sin of "not fearing Allah". Although drinking and gambling have many benefits for the world, their sins are greater than their benefits and are therefore forbidden by Allah.
(3) They ask you what they should give, and you say: Give what is left over, and only what you can give. (4) It is also charity to pass on knowledge that you know to those who do not know. It is charity to spread the "unalloyed truth" that makes a Muslim "a Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" and to promote the unalloyed truth of God.
(5) To silence an imam who has misinterpreted the Qur'an and correct his errors is to give the Son of God the righteousness of fearlessness. (6) In Genesis 4, "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the Lord" and killed his brother "Abel" who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". "Cain was rewarded and blessed by Allah for his fearlessness and righteousness. (7) Muslim brothers, you are all descendants of Cain. Do you have any of the genes of Cain left in you? No, because you have been deceived for a long time.
(8) We have expounded the Qur'an verse by verse and compiled it into the True Exposition of the Qur'an, so that God may clarify for you all the signs, so that you may think about the affairs of this world and the Hereafter. Do you understand? Muslim brothers. Say goodbye to the darkness under the crescent moon and enjoy the light of the Sun of the East.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (220) It is better for you normal people to be in partnership with their orphans
220. "They ask you how you treat the orphans, and you say: It is better for them to improve their affairs. And if you partner with them, then (remember) that they are your fellow believers. Allah can distinguish between those who destroy and those who improve. And if Allah wills it, He will make it difficult for you. Indeed, Allah is the Mighty, the Wise." : (1) It is better for you, the normal people, to join with their orphans and become a family, so that you may improve for them the affairs of those for whom they have no normal family. (2) Remember that the orphans are your fellow Muslims and that they are the children of Allah with you.
(3) Allah is the Almighty, so He is able to distinguish between the bad who destroy and the good who improve. (4) If Allah wishes to know who the "bad and the good" are, He will make it difficult for you. He who is patient and does not mind the trouble, and who is able to give himself up for others, is a good man. But he who does not mind the trouble, who is not patient, and who cannot give himself up for others, is not a good man.
(5) Indeed, Allah is the Mighty, the Wise. The one who does not dislike trouble and has patience and can give himself up for others is the Almighty, the Wise, and this is the son and daughter of Allah.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 7 December 2017 18:30 21:25 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









