The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (165-167) Religion with the Devil Incarnate in it
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (165) Losses that are lost are sins that should be removed.
165. "And how is it that you say: Where did this come from, when you have suffered only half of the loss which you inflicted on your enemies? Say: This is what you have done to yourselves. Indeed, Allah is all-powerful in all things." : (1) "You have suffered only half of what you have inflicted on your enemies" simply because you believe in Allah, although you have not understood the Qur'anic verses, and Allah has granted you the maximum mercy. (2) Why do you say: Where is this mercy coming from? You have revealed the true nature of the devil, the "Ibrahim", who is insatiable in his greed. (3) "You have suffered only half of what you have inflicted on your enemies", which means that you have suffered what you deserve, and that this is the punishment you deserve for forgiving your sins, for not repenting and for taking matters into your own hands. The losses that have been lost are sins that should be removed. (4) Allah is the ultimate judge, and whosoever has a blemish or a stubborn disease will suffer loss in due time. Allah is the Creator, and is indeed Almighty in all things.

(166) He who is not moved by loss and remains steadfast is the one whom Allah is sure of.
166: "And the losses that you suffer on the day of battle are according to the will of God, and He will know the sure ones": (1) Although God is the Creator of all things, He is not human and does not treat children like ordinary parents. (2) When Allah wants to eliminate religious fronts and select the best of the Muslims of high status, He first gives them the devil and makes them suffer all kinds of setbacks and blows, not just the "battle of the two armies", which is the will of Allah and is known in Chinese religious circles as the "koan and dao koan". This is what is known in Chinese religious circles as "koan" or "dao kao". Allah's method is to suddenly take away his beloved people and objects in order to see what kind of attitude a Muslim has towards loss. The purpose of this is to see if he has the general attitude of a Muslim who is "unmoved by ruin and unmoved by sorrow". (3) If a Muslim is "unmoved by ruin and unmoved by mourning", or if he is sober after a short period of sorrow, he has a strong faith and an indomitable will. He has passed the test and will become a believer in Allah and a Messenger of Allah. This is the way in which Allah recognises Muslims and determines the level of their status. (4) When Allah sends down a calamity and a Muslim suffers a loss, or when a beloved person or object is suddenly taken away from him, if the Muslim who suffers such a loss does not have the general attitude of being "unmoved by ruin and sorrow", and if he is demoralised and unmoved, he has not "passed the test". "If a Muslim does not pass the test, he cannot become a believer in God and cannot become a Messenger of God.

(167) There are many disobedient people in Islam who are the embodiment of the devil, Ibrahim.
167. "Know also the hypocrites. They say to them, "Come, fight for the Lord or defend yourselves! They said, "If we could fight, we would follow you. In that day, rather than being believers, they were unbelievers. What they say with their mouths is not what they think in their hearts. And Allah is Aware of those whom they hide." (1) Allah is the embodiment of righteousness, and he who knows righteousness from evil and shows courage to die for righteousness is "the sure of it". If, on the other hand, he does not have the courage to die for justice, he is a "false believer". (2) If, after suffering various setbacks and blows, a person does not have a firm will, and if he or she speaks or acts in fear of death, and if he or she is demoralised and unconvincing, such a person is a "false believer" and is an incarnation of the devil, "Ibrahim". (3) The Lord's way is the cause of justice and righteousness. "Those who say, "Come and fight for the Lord, or come and defend yourself," have the courage to die, and are the embodiment of justice and righteousness, the opposite of the devil, "Ibrahim.
(4) To be able to fight means to be able to kill an enemy without being wounded by him; to be able to kill many enemies and receive only a few wounds. In fact, such a situation does not exist, and "being able to fight" is an impossible hope, not an absolute possibility. There is no such thing as being able to fight with absolute superiority against an inferior enemy, because the enemy will not sit still, the enemy will resist and casualties will occur; zero casualty battles in which the enemy can be killed but not wounded are almost non-existent. Therefore, "If we could fight" means that none of them would fight, because there is no guarantee that they would be able to kill the enemy without being wounded by them. (5) "If we could fight, we would follow you" means: If we could kill the enemy and not be wounded by them, we would follow you to the battle. But none of us can fight, because there is no guarantee that we will be able to kill the enemy without being wounded by them, so we must not follow you.
(6) "On that day, rather than being believers, they will be disbelievers." This shows that there are many disobedient people in Islam and that there is an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim" in Islam. Those who "say that they are believers" are those who are good at hyping themselves, and they are the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim", who is insidious and cunning. The more they "say they are believers" and the more they present themselves as believers in Allah, the more they are "disbelievers" and the more they are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim". (7) "What they say with their mouths is not what they think in their hearts." This means that what is said on the lips is not fulfilled, that is to say, "delusional", which means that there are people in Islam who are not true to what they say, who are not true to what they say, who are not true to what they do, and that there is an incarnation of the devil "Ibn Ibrahim" in Islam.
(8) The incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim" is not only found in Islam, but in any religion, for "Christ and the devil" are "twins" born of the same mother. If religious people do not discover the devil and reveal his true nature, they will not reveal the true nature of Christ and will not be able to fulfil their mission and return to heaven. The 23rd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew is full of verses in which Jesus rebukes Judaism as a devilish group, which is evidence that Jesus has revealed the true face of Christ (eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, and a rod of iron) and that he can fulfil his mission and return to heaven. No religious person can go to heaven without the words and deeds of Christ, but only to hell. (9) Allah is aware of the truth of what they are hiding, and if they do not know repentance, when they come to the time of judgment, all these hypocritical hiders will suffer their due punishment.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 June 2018 15:10 17:50 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









