The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (131) teaches you to read the Bible
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The true "submission to the Lord of the worlds" is when one becomes a "Christ" (131).
131: "Then his Lord said to him, "Submit. He said, "I have submitted to the Lord of the world." (1) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. He did not really understand anything that "his Lord" said to him, and basically misunderstood it all. If you read Genesis, you will know that what his Lord really told him to do he did not do, and that what his Lord said was a test of his wisdom, and what he was not allowed to do, he did instead. (2) Allah has transmitted the Book of Genesis to the Prophet.
(2) God circulated the Book of Genesis for the "Jewish prophets" to stage the farce of the "reversal of right and wrong" in order to warn people not to become obsessed with the worship of God, let alone to "worship and sacrifice". The purpose is to warn people not to become obsessed with the worship of God, and not to "worship and sacrifice", but to become, as Jesus did, "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron" by denouncing the Jews as "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders". "This is the "infallible teaching" of God.
(3) God deliberately made the Bible contain so many articles showing the "Jewish prophets" as devils in disguise, in order to cover up, obscure and dilute the last book of the Bible, the Book of Revelation, in addition to showing "the scandal of the devil's priests". (4) If you have the Book of Revelation, you will be able to read it.
(4) If you get your hands on the Bible and practice it according to the Old Testament, you will become a direct servant of the devil, "Ibrahim", and you will basically not read the Book of Revelation, you will misinterpret it, and you will treat both Jesus, who overthrew Judaism, and the Jewish prophets as "prophets". prophets". Just because there is a dialogue in 2 Samuel between "David and the Lord", you do not know that this is a lie made up by the "Jewish prophets", but you also include "David" as a "prophet". "This is a sign that you have fallen into the hands of the devil's "ebony".
(5) In the face of the vast number of mysteries in the Bible, how should we read the Bible in order not to be misled and to get the essence of it directly? First, we must first ask the question "Why was Jesus killed by Judaism and what did he say and do that led to his crucifixion?" If you do not have this question, and if you do not understand it, you should follow the "pastor" in the church to If you don't have this doubt and don't understand it, you follow the "pastor" in the church and "sing hymns and prayers", then you have become a Jew under the guise of Christianity and there is no possibility of escape.
(6) When you get the Bible, you read it in one line, looking for "the reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism". In fact, there is no "reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism" in the Old Testament. If you are not strong enough to read the Old Testament and then stop looking for the "reason why Jesus was killed by Judaism", you will have given up halfway and become a Jew.

(7) Read the Gospel of Matthew, the first book of the New Testament. Chapter 23 of the Gospel of Matthew is full of the words of Jesus scolding the Judaizers and the Pharisees, and this is how Jesus scolds them: "23:13 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have shut the door of the kingdom of heaven before men, and have not entered in yourselves, nor have you allowed those who are about to enter in.
23:14 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! Because you have embezzled from the widow's house, and have prayed long and falsely, you will be punished with a heavier penalty.
23:15 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have gone throughout the sea and the sea and the land to seduce a man into the church, and have made him a son of hell, twice as much as you.
23:16 Woe to you who lead blindly! You say, It is nothing to anyone who swears by the temple, but he who swears by the gold in the temple, let him keep it. 23:17 O you who are ignorant and blind! What is great? Is it the gold, or is it the temple where the gold is sanctified?
23:19 O you who are blind! What is great? Is it a gift, or an altar for the sanctification of gifts?
23:23 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you offer a tenth of the mint, fennel and celery, but not the weightier things of the law, which are righteousness, mercy and faithfulness. This weightier thing is what you should do, and that is not to be done.
23:24 You blind guides, you strain out midges, and you swallow camels.
23:25 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have washed the outside of the cup and dish, but inside you are full of extortion and debauchery.
23:26 You blind Pharisees, cleanse the inside of the cup and dish first, so that the outside may be clean also.
23:27 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you are like a whitewashed tomb, beautiful on the outside, but inside you are filled with the bones of the dead and all their filth.
23:28 So also you, who appear righteous outside before men, but inside you are filled with hypocrisy and lawlessness. 23:29 Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you build the tombs of the prophets, and adorn the sepulchres of the righteous, saying.
23:30 If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have shed the blood of the prophets with them.
23:31 This is how you yourselves have proved to be the children of those who killed the prophets.
23:32 Go and fill yourselves with the evil of your fathers!
23:33 O you serpents, you seed of vipers! How can you escape the punishment of hell?
23:34 Therefore I have sent to you prophets and wise men and scribes, some of you to kill and crucify; some of you to scourge in the synagogues, and to pursue and force from this city to that.
23:35 That the blood of the righteous shed in the world may be upon you, beginning with the blood of Abel the righteous, and ending with the blood of Zechariah the son of Baracca, whom you killed in the temple and in the midst of the altar.
23:36 Verily, verily, I say unto you, All these sins shall be upon this generation.
23:37 O Jerusalem, O Jerusalem! You have often killed the prophets, and stoned those who were sent to you. Many times I have been willing to gather your children as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, but you were not willing.
23:38 Behold, your house has become a barren field left to you.

(8) The "Pharisees" were a sect of Jews who practised the Old Testament, which had been popular in Jesus' day, and who exaggerated their respect for the law of "Moses" and demanded full observance by all. The term "Pharisee" is derived from the Hebrew word meaning "separation" and refers to someone who distances himself from the world in order to remain pure; it means: "self-righteousness" resulting from selfishness and narrow-mindedness It means that the "self-righteousness" that results from selfishness and narrow-mindedness is often just a cover for the pride and greed of the Jewish "prophets" and their indifference to the needs of others. The way the "church group" teaches is to interpret the Old Testament literally, so that people take the words of the Bible very seriously and live their lives in strict accordance with the literal meaning of the Bible, and these people become the "Pharisees" of Judaism. All the "Jewish prophets" who practised the Old Testament, from "Ibrahim" (Abraham) to those who preceded Jesus, were "Pharisees" whom Jesus rebuked for promoting demonic indoctrination in the name of God. They were all devilish "Ibs" who promoted the devil's teachings under the guise of God. Do you understand? Brother Muslim.
(9) When you see the words and actions of Jesus rebuking Judaism, you will find the question "Why was Jesus killed by Judaism and what did he say and do that led to his crucifixion". This is a sign that Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was a devilish group, that Jesus overthrew Judaism as a "devilish group" and established Christianity. This is the sign that Jesus ended the "Old Testament era" and opened the "New Testament era", this is the sign that Jesus was a "religious revolutionary", this is the sign that caused panic in Judaism and led to the crucifixion of Jesus. This was the reason for the panic in Judaism that led to the crucifixion of Jesus.
(10) Christians became the indoctrination of Christ, the "infallible indoctrination" of God, the "unique Christianity". What does Christ look like? How does one become Christ? It is all in the Book of Revelation. The signs and concrete images of Christ are described in detail in the first and second chapters of the Apocalypse, and if you ignore them, you will become the devil directly, and you will pass on the devil's magic as "the Christian's indoctrination into Christ". The eight signs of Christ: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like a blazing sun, hatred of the Nicolaitans, and a rod of iron.
(11) Knowing that all the "Jewish prophets" who practised the Old Testament before Jesus were "Pharisees" whom Jesus rebuked, and that they were all devilish "Ibrahim" who promoted the devil's teachings under the guise of God, it becomes clear that: "I am not a Pharisee. "Then we will understand that God made the "Jewish prophets" of the Old Testament to perform all kinds of farces, so that they could show the true face of the devil "Ibrahim". When we realise that the "Jewish prophets" were the devil's "Ibrahim" who were performing farces in the name of God to promote the devil's indoctrination, we will become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". We are "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". When we invoke the words and actions of Jesus to expose the "prophets of Judaism" for what they really are, and call them "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", we become We are "Christ with a two-edged sword in our mouths and feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron".
(12) Not only "the Lord of the whole world", but "the Lord of the whole universe", is the only God. Only when one becomes "Christ, whose eyes are like a flame of fire, and who has received the rod of iron", does one truly "submit to the Lord of the world". Whoever does not become Christ and does not practice Christianity is not and has not "submitted to the Lord of the world". (13) No one knows what "this unique Christianity" is, no one has the words and actions of Jesus who called the "Jewish prophets" "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". The first thing that I would like to say is that I am not "obedient to the Lord of the world", but I am a minion of the devil who is "obedient to the Lord of the world".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 November 2017 10:27 15:20 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1: The Yellow Cow (126-130) The Original Meaning of "The House of Heaven”
The Taoist Understanding of Religion in Taishan
The Qur'an, Chapter 2: The Yellow Cow (Baqarah) (126-130) The Meaning of "The Room of Heaven”

Chapter 2 of the Qur'an (126) "The place of peace" is Paradise, and "the place of disquiet" is Hell with fire.
126. "Then Ibrahim said: O my Lord! Make this place a place of tranquillity, and provide the inhabitants of it with all kinds of food - those who believe in Allah and the Last Day. He said, "He who disbelieves, We will make him enjoy for a while, and then force him to go to the Fire. What a terrible result that will have!" (1) "Peace" is when the mood, the environment, the atmosphere is stable and calm, when the heart is satisfied, when it is at ease, when it has nothing to seek. If a person is at ease and has no desire, the place where such a person is is a "peaceful place". If one is not at peace, if one has a "wanting" state of mind, then one is in an "unsettled place". Where there are "those who circle around and pay homage, those who abide in devotion and those who bow down" are places of "want", places of "unrest", places of delusion, places of torment and suffering. A place of torment, a hell of fire. (2) "O my Lord! The place where such words are spoken is a place of delusion, a place of "wanting", a place of "unrest". If you want to "make this place a peaceful place", you must not "seek Allah". The delusion of "seeking Allah" destroys the "peaceful place" and turns the "peaceful place" into an "unpeaceful place The "place of peace" has become a "place of disquiet". Do you understand, brother Muslims? (3) The "place of peace" is Paradise, and the "place of disquiet" is Hell with fire. "Paradise and hell are just a thought away. Do you understand, brother Muslims? (4) Allah does not "provide the inhabitants of this place with all kinds of food"; it is up to the inhabitants of this place to cultivate and provide for themselves. If a normal person does not understand this and instead says, "I beg you to provide all kinds of food for the inhabitants of this place", this is a devil's minion who is having a nervous breakdown. (5) "Ibrahim said, "O my Lord! Make this place a place of peace, and provide for its inhabitants with all kinds of food" shows that "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the devil's lackey, was having a nervous breakdown, and that the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament "are all minions of the devil in the guise of Jehovah.
(6) The "God" is the "one and only" soul (Erev) who is truly in charge of us. The soul in this life (the two eyes) has no desire and does what is natural, and has the wisdom to see the devil for what he is, and has become a "Christ with eyes like a flame", which means that the soul has reached the state of the soul. Those who do not know what "soul and life" are, who do not know that the only way to become Christ is to become Christ, and who do not know what true "faith in Allah" is, will take "faith in false gods" for "faith in Allah". (7) The "last days" are not the only ones. (7) The "end of days" is the "Mayan prophecy" that says that 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world", that is, the end of the "single era of indoctrination" that preceded mankind. (7) The "end of days" is the "end of the world" on 21 December 2012, as prophesied by the Maya, which means that the previous "single age of indoctrination" of mankind has ended and a new "age of compounding" has begun. Allah will correct the misconceptions of the past on the "end of the world" and will reveal the true teachings, and those deceivers who promote the devil's teachings under the guise of Allah will be "exposed and judged" and will be duly punished. A "religious revolution" will take place not only in the Islamic world but in the whole world. China will be the first to have a "religious revolution", and all the previous 2,000 religions will be replaced by the new Zhongtian religion. The Chinese "religious revolution" will then trigger a global religious revolution, and humanity will begin to enter a truly new era. (8) If no one had overturned the millenniums of blackmail, there would have been no Armageddon and Judgement. Since there is a "doomsday and doomsday judgment", someone will inevitably disprove the millennium of false rumours. The Chinese Zhongtianists have studied the Qur'an in depth, interpreted it verse by verse, and revealed subversive statements that overturned the thousand-year old false propaganda of the Islamic world, which shows that the "last days" of demonisation have come, and that both the Islamic world and Christianity know that the "Last Judgement "(9) The practice of the Book of Revelation
(9) Practising the Book of Revelation, becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire, with a two-edged sword in his mouth, with feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans, having received a rod of iron", with words and deeds like those of Jesus who called Judaism "a scribe of hypocrisy and a blind leader" The only people who believe in God's truth are those who have the courage of their convictions and the courage to die. On the other hand, those who do not have the words and deeds of Jesus are not "believers" or believers in the truth of God, but are confused people who believe in the evil ways of the devil as if they were the true ways of God. Those who "whirl around and pay homage, those who abide in piety, and those who bow down" are not "believers", not believers in the truth of Allah, but confused people who believe in the evil ways of the devil as if they were the truth of Allah. (10) Allah "will make him enjoy" the blessings of his previous life for a while, and then, when they have been wiped out by the passing on of magic, he will die in Hell and be forced to undergo the punishment of the Fire. (11) The "Fire" is the punishment of the fire of the heart (various delusions). Such delusions as "whirling around and paying homage, devotion and bowing down" during one's lifetime are a manifestation of the fire of the heart, and are a manifestation of the torment of the "empty-minded, physically and mentally exhausted Muslim" who is subjected to the fire. How can such a devilish slave reach heaven when he was tortured by fire before he was born? He can only be tortured in hell. (12) Those who believe in the evil ways of the devil as if they were the true ways of God, what a terrible outcome!

Chapter 2 of the True Exposition of the Qur'an (127) reveals the true nature of Abraham (Ibrahim) as the devil, which is "the foundation of the house of the heavens"
127. "Then Ibrahim and Ishmael raised the foundations of the house of heaven, and they both prayed, saying, "O our Lord! Accept our salutations, for indeed You are all-wise and all-knowing." (1) The "heavenly house" is the house of the old family in heaven, not the house of the world, which is inhabited by the "holy ones who are not different from God". To consider a human house to be a "heavenly house" is to be insane, "to take falsehood for truth, right for wrong, black and white, and insane". The "foundation of the house of heaven" means that to be Christ is the foundation of the return to heaven. (2) "Ibrahim and Ishmael" appears in Genesis 16-21, where God's purpose is to make known that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) expelled his own son, "Ishmael (Ishmael), his own son, so that they might realise that "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the "prophet", was a devil without humanity, and so that Muslims might develop the "eyes of fire" that only Christ has. The eyes of the flames" that only Christ has. With "eyes like a flame", one becomes the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and who, if he does not fall away during his lifetime and fulfils his mission, will be able to return to the "heavenly room" in a hundred years. (3) The Muslim who, because of the story of "Ibrahim and Yishmael", discovers that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the true face of the devil, becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame He became "the Christ with eyes like a flame" and was able to return to the "heavenly room" in a hundred years if he did not fall away during his lifetime and fulfilled his mission. This is how "Ibrahim and Ishmael" "built the foundations of the house of heaven", do you know this, brothers?
(4) "Ibrahim and Ishmael" are the "two actors" that Allah has placed in the Book of Genesis to show us that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the devil and what he says and does. What the devil says and does. If you do not know that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the devil, you have not understood the Book of Genesis, you have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", and you are a devil's lackey who has been misled by the devil "Ibrahim". This means that you are a minion of the devil who has been misled by the devil "Ibrahim". If you do what "Abraham" (Ibrahim) says, you will make the Muslims follow the "fire and brimstone" of "Abraham" (Ibrahim). If you do what "Abraham" (Ibrahim) said, if you make Muslims do what "Abraham" (Ibrahim) said, you become a "Jew" under the guise of Islam, you become a "Jew" who is rebuked by Jesus. "You are the "hypocritical scribe, the blind leader" whom Jesus rebuked. (5) The words of the prayers of Ibrahim and Ishmael are not for Muslims to become Christ, they are for Muslims to become "servants of God in worship", they are not for Muslims to "build the foundation of the house of heaven", they are for Muslims to "build the foundation of the house of heaven". Neither of them are praying for Muslims to become Christ, nor are they praying for Muslims to become "devout servants of Allah", nor are they praying for Muslims to "build the foundation of the house of heaven".
(6) "O our Lord! Accept our salutations, for you are indeed all-wise and all-knowing" are the words of the "swirling saluters, the pious abiders, the bowers", the opposite of Jesus' rebuke of the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". "It is the opposite of what the devil told the devil's minions to say. (7) To reveal the true nature of the "Son of God", as Jesus rebuked the Jews as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", is to "build the foundation of the house of heaven". And he said Say "Our Lord! You are indeed all-wise and all-knowing", such a person is a devil's lackey who has been misled by the devil's "ebony boy", and is a manifestation of "building the foundations of the house of fire". (8) Those who know that "prayer" is the opposite of the "all-seeing, all-knowing" God are the devil's minions, the "all-seeing, all-knowing" God incarnate, the "Son of God" like Jesus. Such a person is the incarnation of God, the "Son of God", as Jesus was. Such a "word of praise" is a devil's minion pandering to the devil king. (9) The fact that you have not become the "All-Seeing, All-Knowing" Christ, while Allah is "All-Seeing, All-Knowing", shows that there is no teaching from Allah in the world, and it is also a slander and insult to Allah.
(10) Because of this phrase, "Ibrahim and Ishmael built the foundation of the House of Heaven", the Islamic world regards this "House of Heaven" as the "House of Kerbai" in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. "This is a disgrace to the Islamic world and is a sign that no one in the Islamic world understands the Book of Genesis. The elite of the Islamic world are invited to read Genesis 16-21 again and think about who "Ibrahim" (Abraham) was, and then they will know why "Ibrahim and Ishmael" are compared to each other. Then we will know the true meaning of the word "heavenly house".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (128), states that the one who becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame and a two-edged sword in his mouth" is the one who becomes the "obedient people" of God.
128. "O our Lord! Make us two of Your obedient people, and create from our descendants a people who will submit to You, and show us the rites of the Hajj, and forgive us, for You are the Most Forgiving, the Most Merciful." (1) These are words that exaggerate God and belittle us. They are the words of a lackey pandering to the devil, the same tone as the "Jewish prophets" in the Old Testament, the "ecstasy" of the devil misleading his lackeys, and the devil teaching them how to become "This is the opposite of what God wants us to be: "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has the rod of iron". Do you all remember, brother Muslims? (2) "Our Lord" is the soul within us, and we are the "obedient people" of God when we become good people with a clear conscience and do not feel guilty about what we do. We are a good and righteous person in our lives, and that is the "obedient people" of Allah. To be a good and righteous person is not a matter of asking "our Lord", it is a matter of self-control and self-confidence.
(3) If one does not understand the meaning of the Book of Genesis and Revelation, then one will not know that only becoming a Christ is the true meaning of God, and one will not be able to comply with God's will and become a "people of obedience". It is only by becoming "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron" that one becomes a "submissive" to God. (4) The "burnt offerings" of animals to Allah, the "swirling salutations, the pious dwellers, the bowers", are misinterpretations of the Scriptures and have become the "obedience" of the devil, "Ibrahim". "obedient people". "Make us two of your obedient people, and from our descendants create a nation that will submit to you, and show us the rites of the Hajj, and forgive us" are the words and actions of the "obedient people" of the devil, "Ibrahim". These are the words and deeds of the "obedient people" of the devil, "Ibrahim".
(5) "Our Lord" is the embodiment of justice, the opposite of "imperialists, dictators and aggressors". A nation that submits to God is a nation that does not promote its own "political system" to other nations, is not a hegemonic nation, and is a nation that is peaceful and develops. (6) The "rituals of Hajj" reduce us to "servants of God in worship", which is the opposite of what God, who made us Christians, meant. "(7) "I beg you to forgive me". (7) Those who "ask for forgiveness" are all minions of the devil "Ibrahim" and are all devil-possessed psychopaths, for we are good and righteous people and we have no reason to "ask forgiveness We have no reason to "ask for forgiveness". (8) In Genesis 4, "Cain" killed "Abel", his brother, who had sacrificed lamb oil to God, and "Cain" was "forgiven" by God. The "Cain" was "forgiven" by Allah. Do you know all this, brother Muslims?
(9) In short, these "prayers of supplication" are only said by the devils around us, the "Ibrahim", and if you do not know this "heavenly message", then you do not know the book of Genesis and Revelation. If you do not know this "Divine Principle", it means that you do not know the meaning of Genesis and Revelation, that your Master is not the Christ, and that you are all devil's minions who are passing on falsehood. (10) God has deliberately written the Qur'anic verses in this way, in the same way as the "reflexive" approach of the Old Testament, which is a "backwards thinking" approach, to demonstrate the devil's "Ibrahim" indoctrination. "It is the opposite of God's teaching to make man a Christ. If you are not sufficiently alert, and if your master is not Christ, but a "counterfeit scribe and blind leader", you will also practice the "counter-word" as if it were a classic because you listened to it blindly and followed it directly. Instead of becoming Christ, you will become a direct servant of the devil. (11) The Qur'an is an untapped treasure and you cannot truly understand it without great wisdom. If you misinterpret the verses, you are a slave in the Fire.

Chapter 2 of the True Exposition of the Qur'an (129) makes us Christ's classics to be God's "heavenly scriptures", and makes us Christ's wisdom to be God's "wisdom".
129. "O our Lord! Send among them a messenger of the same people, and read to them your revelations, and teach them the Scriptures and wisdom, and enlighten them. Indeed, You are the All-Merciful, the Most Wise." (1) Oh, this is a "counter-word" from Allah, that you may not believe in the interpretation of the Qur'an by the "foreigners", and that you may believe only in the "Messenger of the People", even if it is "Even if the Messenger of the People is lying, believe him. The purpose of Allah's saying this is to see which of you knows that it is not true. Whoever knows that it is wrong is a sane person. Whoever thinks that there should be "nationalism" should take the Qur'anic verses "literally" and not listen to the "words of the foreigners" and interpret them as "Such a person is the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim". (2) Muslim brothers, you know that in today's China, the ruling party of China, the Communist Party of China, is the largest party in the world. The Communist Manifesto, which the Chinese believe in, was written by Marx of Germany in Brussels, Belgium, at the end of 1847, and became the official guiding programme for the establishment of the new China in July 1921, and the Chinese Communist Party established the People's Republic of China in 1949. If the Chinese had been "nationalistic" in the sense of "the messenger of the same people" in your Koran, and had not believed in the theories of foreigners, the Chinese would not have studied the Communist Manifesto of the German Marx, and the new China would not be what it is today. China. Do you know why China is strong? Because the Chinese have a broad mind that is "tolerant and inclusive" and will never reject the theories of others because they are not "messengers of the same race". Muslim brothers, don't you in the Islamic world have something to learn from the Chinese? (3) Not only did the Chinese overcome the century-long colonial rule of the "fascist" countries with the idea of "foreigners", but they also established their own independent state in 1949, and after 1978 implemented the policy of "internal reform and external opening". After 1978, the policy of "internal reform and external opening" was implemented, and a large number of "foreigners" came to China with "new equipment and new ideas", and in 2008 China became the largest creditor of the US national debt. The "new equipment and new ideas" of the "foreigners" enabled China to complete the industrial revolution of the Western world in only 30 years, which took two centuries, and to rise from a poor and backward agricultural country to an industrial power. Muslim brothers, don't you in the Islamic world have anything to learn from the Chinese?
(4) "Send an emissary of your own race" is to teach you to be "nationalistic and conservative", it is to see if you have the idea of "studying abroad and becoming a doctor", it is to see which This is to see which Muslims can see through this "examination". Those who can see through this "test" and who believe that they cannot have such "selfish and narrow-minded" "nationalism and conservatism" are "Christ with eyes like flames". Christ with eyes like a flame". (5) God will not grant such a foolish and ignorant request to "send among them a messenger of their own race", and it is only the devil, "Ibrahim", who will grant such a request. (6) God's revelation is that we should become Christ and return to God in Paradise after a hundred years. Any revelation that does not allow us to become Christ, or any revelation that makes Muslims "servants of God", is not a revelation of God, but a revelation of the devil, "Ibrahim", in the guise of God. (7) It is Allah's "Scripture" that makes us Christ's classics, and it is Allah's "wisdom" that makes us Christ's wisdom. If the Messenger of the People teaches the Scriptures and the wisdom to make Muslims "pious servants of Allah" and not to make Muslims Christians at all, then such a Messenger of the People is the devil's "Ibrahim". Such a "Messenger of his people" is the devil, "Ibrahim".
(8) God is the "Almighty" who made all things in the universe, who made the "revolutionaries of religion", who made Muhammad of Islam appear in this life as a Chinese, and who certainly made a true exponent of the Qur'an. Chinese. If God does not produce a Chinese person who is a true exponent of the Qur'an, then God is not "all-powerful". (9) Allah is "wise" because His wisdom is revealed through the words and deeds of various "inventors and revolutionaries". If the world does not have a variety of "inventors and revolutionaries" working together to advance human society, it does not follow that God is wise. If a Chinese expounded the Qur'an and overturned the millennia-old misrepresentation of the Islamic world, he would have demonstrated the wisdom of God.
(10) If a Muslim does not see through the test questions of Allah, and if he does not manifest the "Allāh, the Wise", it means that you are not children of Allah, but devils. If Muslims do not see through Allah's "test" and are not "all-powerful and wise", then you are not the children of Allah, but the children of the devil, "Ibrahim". If a Muslim does not see through Allah's "counter-questions" and does not manifest the "All Mighty, All Wise", then you are not a servant of Allah, but a child of the devil. You are not servants of Allah, but servants of the devil, Ibrahim.

The one who "despises the religion of Ibrahim" is Christ
130. "Who will despise the religion of Ibrahim except the presumptuous? We have chosen him in this world, and in the Hereafter he will be among the good." (1) "Presumptuous" describes an excessive contempt for oneself, an inferiority complex, a lack of confidence in one's own abilities, etc., and a lack of belief that one can accomplish anything. A person who does not dare to become a Christian, a "saint like God", but a "servant of God in worship", is a "presumptuous person". (2) "Ibrahim (2) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. To follow the words and deeds of "Abraham" is the "religion of Ibrahim". The "religion of Ibrahim" is the Judaism that practises the Old Testament, the Judaism that Jesus rebuked as being founded by "a hypocritical scribe and a blind leader", the devilish group that Jesus overthrew. (3) Who will despise the religion of Ibrahim? Only those who want to be Christ. He who does not want to become a Christ, but a slave to God, does not want to despise Ibrahim's religion. (4) He who "despises the religion of Ibrahim" is not only not a "presumptuous man", but is the very opposite of a "presumptuous man", the Christ.
(5) The fact that you have chosen the "religion of Ibrahim" in this world means that you do not want to be a Christian, and you have become a servant of God, a servant of the devil who has been misled by the devil's "Ibrahim". (6) The "religion of Ibrahim" is a place that creates minions of the devil "Ibrahim" and does not allow people to become Christ at all, which is why most of their Jewish "prophets" were sentenced to life imprisonment in hell. Even those who were released from prison became "beasts of burden, cut to pieces by a thousand cuts". Thus, "in the Hereafter he will be among the good" is a "refrain". (7) Those who believe in the religion of Ibrahim are all devils, "Ibrahim", and because they have committed the great sin of "slandering God and causing people to go to hell" in this life, they will not be among the good in the Hereafter. In the Hereafter, they will not be among the good, and a few will be among the sick, the poor and the handicapped, and many more will be "beasts to be killed by a thousand cuts". (8) The words of Jesus against the Jewish "scribes who are hypocrites and blind leaders" are found in Matthew 23, which you are invited to read, brother Muslims.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 November 2017 14:46 11 19:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











