The True Qur'an, Chapter 1 Cold Remedies for Muslims
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

Qur'an Chapter 1 The Beginning (Fatihah): (1) The word "Qur'an" is a translation of the Arabic word Quran, which means "to read, to recite, to read". (2) "Beginning" means the beginning of a sermon. (3) "Fajr" is the recording by Muhammad of the true meaning of the sayings given to him by Allah and his own experience, which he compiled into the Qur'an. "This is the true meaning of Allah's sayings to make man a saint, a Christ (son of God), and to achieve the return to heaven. It is the only "way, the path" that allows an Islamic person to become a Christ and return to heaven, just like the Buddhist "non-dual path of clarity of mind".
(4) Haiha Pill is a Chinese herbal preparation, the main ingredients of which are Fatty Sea, Honeysuckle, Chrysanthemum, Mentholatum and Ice. It is used for clearing heat and relieving the pharynx, relieving wind and relieving the symptoms of external wind-heat, such as swelling and pain in the throat, body heat, headache and general discomfort. (5) "Haiha", a medicine to be taken before studying the Qur'an, is a cooling preparation to keep a clear and sensible mind and to prevent "swelling and pain in the throat, body heat, headache and general discomfort". "Haiha" is the medicine for colds. (6) "Haikha" is a metaphorical term, and the "symptoms of a cold", such as "sore throat, fever, headache and general discomfort" are also metaphorical in nature, to describe the various symptoms of a cold due to ignorance of the Scriptures and misinterpretation of them. (7) Not knowing the meaning of 'Allah'.
(7) Without knowing who Allah is, and without being able to rationalise one's relationship with Allah, all kinds of excesses in belief in Allah will occur, namely "A patient with a fever and a cold". All the worlds were made by Allah, Allah is the Lord of the worlds, and all of us are the children of Allah. "All of us are the children of Allah, and we have been ordered by Allah to come to this world to take charge of it. How we treat our parents is how we should treat Allah. If we do not treat our parents the way we treat Allah, we are "sick with a fever and a cold" when we engage in all kinds of excessive belief in Allah. (8) Compare your parents with Allah and see what you have done to Allah that you have not done to your parents, and what you have not done to your parents that you have only done to Allah. "The words and deeds that you do not do to your parents, but only to Allah, are the words and deeds of excessive faith in Allah, which are the symptoms of your cold. (9) Not treating Allah as a "parent" and doing much more than a "parent" to Allah This is not unique to Islam, but is found in all five religions: Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam. This is because "Allah and Satan" are united in their opposites and are derived from "Allah and false lords", which have existed throughout the ages.

1. "In the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful": (1) do not know what a "false lord" is, nor do they know what "Allah" is. (1) Not knowing what a "false lord" is or what a "false lord" is. If a person does not have a clear definition of "false lord" and "Allah", he or she is bound to mistake "false lord" for "Allah". If such a person speaks about the Qur'an, he or she is bound to misinterpret the verses, and such a person is an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim", a devil who leads people into slavery under the guise of the Qur'an. (2) All things in this world have four stages: "becoming, living, destruction and emptiness" (birth, old age, sickness and death), and are not unborn and immortal, but are unreal and false. The "false lord" is the Islamic "Ibrahim", the Christian Satanic Devil, the Buddhist Demon King, and the Taoist demons and monsters. Satanic demons create all sorts of "laws of action" that cause people to "turn their minds away and lose their own nature", so that they are cut off from the path to heaven and fall into hell. (3) "Allah" is the unborn and imperishable reality, the ultimate vacuum, the source of all life. Allah" is the Buddhist "Dharma body, Buddha nature, and the original spirit", the Taoist "Wuji", "Wusheng", "Baixue", and "mercury", and the Confucian "Mandate of Heaven". Confucius said, "The Tao cannot be separated for a moment, but it is not the Tao that can be separated", and Lao Tzu said, "There is something mixed up, born before the heavens and the earth, silent and few, independent and unchanging, circumscribed and unchanging, which can be the mother of heaven and earth. (4) "Allah" is "the most merciful" because He is the source of all life and gives life without being known to all beings. (5) He who speaks of "false lords and Allah" is truly interpreting the Qur'an "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful". Those who talk about "Allah" all the time, but do not know what "false lords" are, do not have a sense of "false lords", and do not have a clear definition of "false lords and Allah". "Those who do not say what "false lords and God" are are devils interpreting the Qur'an under the guise of "in the name of Allah, the Most Merciful".
(6) Why did Allah ask Muhammad to leave the Qur'an behind when he founded Islam? Because Allah wanted to make us Christ in life and return to the Kingdom of Heaven after death. The teachings of the Qur'an are the law-vessels that "make us Christ in life and return to the Kingdom of Heaven in death". Only if we have the state of Christ in life can we be guaranteed to return to the Kingdom of Heaven after death. If one does not become Christ in life, one cannot return to the Kingdom of Heaven after death. (7) "God" is the true master of our hearts and minds, and is called "Gog" in Christianity, "God, Self and Dharma" in Buddhism, and "White Snow, Mercury and Dragon" in Taoism. Christianity is called "Ge Ge", Buddhism is called "Yuan Shen, Self-Nature, Dharma Body", Taoism is called "Snow, Mercury, Dragon", and Confucianism is called "Heavenly Destiny, Sex, Nature". In Confucianism, it is called "heavenly destiny, sex, and nature". In the Tanjing, the heart is the earth and nature is the king, and the king resides on the heart. Bible Revelation 17:2 The kings of the earth. Because it is obscure, passive and of the feminine nature, the Chinese Taoists call it "Nuwa". (8) The consciousness that we have in this life because our lungs breathe is the same nature as "Allah", a new individual after "Allah" has descended to the human world, also called "life soul, reward body, life "It is also called "the great adulteress, Magog, who sits on the waters of the world" in Christianity, and is of the masculine gender (boy), which is called "Fuxi" in Chinese Taoism. (9) We are all children of Allah, of the same nature as Allah, and Allah is our true nature in Paradise. When we know our true nature in this life, we have seen "Allah" and have become Christ (the Son of God); in the Book of Revelation it is called "17:2 And the kings of the earth committed adultery with her", which is "when Magog saw Gog". If you see God, you become a saint like Muhammad, and you return to the Kingdom of Heaven. If one does not see Allah and does not become a saint like Muhammad, one cannot return to the Kingdom of Heaven. (10) Allah is like the yeast of fermentation, and everything in this world is a part of Allah's fertility, and we are all children of Allah. We are all children of Allah, and because of our mission to build Paradise on earth, we have descended from Paradise to the human world and have become human beings in this life. We have to go to our teachers to know who we are and to see Allah. If we do not see Allah in this life, we will not become saints like Muhammad and will not be able to return to the Kingdom of Heaven, but will go to Hell.

2. "All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the worlds": (1) Allah is not the only one to be praised, nor is all praise due to Allah. It is the praise of those who show us what "false lords and God" are. It is to the one who tells us about false lords and God that we can know what false lords and God are and give praise to Allah. If there is no one who speaks about "false lords and Allah", we will not know what "false lords and Allah" are, and we will attribute praise to "Iblis" in the mistaken belief that it is attributed to "Allah. (2) It is not because Allah is the creator of the universe, the source of life, and the mother who gave birth to us that "all praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the worlds", but rather that the gods of this life (the soul, the body, and the majlis) only see It is only when the "God" (God, the Self, Gog) is seen, when he becomes a Christ like Muhammad and Jesus, and when he completes his mission and returns to the Kingdom of Heaven, that he is truly praiseworthy. (3) The "wine, fame and love" of the world are "falsehoods" that do not lead to the kingdom of heaven, and are praised by ordinary people in a poor state, but despised by Christ.
(4) Let this be the word of praise in everyday life, and whatever the situation, say "All praise be to God, the Lord of the world". This is not what "Allah" wants, but what the devil "Ibrahim" wants. (5) Allah is not our master, but the mother who gave birth to us. "Allah made Muhammad create Islam so that we could regain our true identity and become "Allah", the same as "Allah". (6) "Allah" is the one who has given us Islam to restore the true nature of "Allah".
(6) Allah did not ask Muhammad to found Islam in order to gain Islamic "praise, worship, obedience and awe". It was to restore us to our true nature, to become "Allah" who is no different from "Allah", and to complete our mission and return to the Kingdom of Heaven, for we are the sons and daughters of "Allah" sent to the world to build a paradise on earth. (7) Allah is the Creator of the universe and the source of all life, and we are all children of Allah, not servants of Allah. Do you remember, Islam? If you do not recognise mankind as "children of Allah" but as "servants of Allah", then you have not thought about it! Now go and think about it.
(8) The positioning of human beings as "servants of God" was a pre-Jewish doctrine that was overturned by Jesus, who called "God, Jehovah" "the Father, my Father". This is a direct statement that the relationship between mankind and "God" is that of "mother and son, father and son" and not "master and servant" as Judaism says. (9) Islam's position of the relationship between the Muslims and "God" as "servants of God" is the same as that of Judaism, which was overthrown by Jesus, and shows that the Jews have brought Jewish ideas into Islam. This means that Islam, like Christianity, has been dominated by Judaism in the guise of Islam, and that Satan (Ibrahim) has entered Islam. (10) Islam has positioned the relationship between Islamists and God as one of "master and servant" rather than "mother and son", indicating that Islam's This shows that Islam's "outlook and values" are distorted and that they do not value the meaning and purpose of life.

3. "The Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate": (1) "Allah" is the infinite vacuum, a spiritual light, the source of all life. All things come from nothing and go back to nothing, and all things are within the realm of Allah. (2) Allah sends angels down to earth to become masters of the teachings of the angels, who pass on the teachings of Allah to those who see through the falsehood of the world, so that they can open their eyes, open their wisdom and regain their true nature. "Allah is like a mother who treats everyone fairly. (3) The One God does not belong to any nation only, for He is the Creator of the universe and belongs to all mankind. All mankind is subject to the teachings of Allah, which have different names depending on the nation and region. "In Islam, Allah is called "Allahu Akbar", in Christianity, "Jehovah", and in Confucianism, "Allah". In Confucianism, "Allah" is called "Emperor Wei Huang Shang Di", in Buddhism, "Allah" is called "Wu Ji Ancient Buddha", and in Taoism, "Allah" is called "God". In Taoism, "Allah" is called "Wuji Shengmu" or "Wusheng Laomu". (4) The fact that you do not know the name of Allah in other religions means that you are a frog in a well. If you do not know the name of Allah in other religions, you are a lackey who is not able to stop Allah from going to other religions to teach foreigners. "Allah will not stop you from teaching foreigners because you do not know her name in other sects, nor will you stop her presence in foreign countries because you do not recognize her name in other sects. Do you understand? Islam. (5) If Allah were to exist only in Islamic countries and not in foreign countries, she would not be called "The Most Merciful Lord", but "The Lord of bigotry, extremism, narrow-mindedness and selfishness". It is only by being present in all the countries of the world and by having the masters of the various religions meet each other that one can be called "The Most Merciful".
(6) "Worship, obedience and fear of God" is what the master wants for his servants, not what "God" wants at all. For each of us is a spirit of Allah, for each of us is a son or daughter of Allah, and each of us has become one with Allah. "This is what Allah wants, so "love Allah and become Allah", this is what Allah wants. This is what "Allah" wants, and this is the core teaching of Islam. (7) "Worship Allah, obey Him, fear Him, and give praise to Him" and become a "faithful servant of Allah" is what the devil, Ibrahim, wants. To become a "faithful servant of Allah" is the devil's "magic pill". "This is what Allah wants, and this is the core of Islam.

4. The Day of Recompense: (1) "Recompense" is the cosmic law that "good is rewarded with good and evil with evil; good is rewarded with evil". (1) "Retribution" is the cosmic law that "good is rewarded and evil is punished; good is rewarded and evil is punished", demonstrating the "balance of yin and yang". (2) The "Day of Retribution", in a broad sense, is the ultimate outcome of good and evil, while in a narrower sense, it refers to the "Judgement of the End"; generally speaking, most of them refer to the "Judgement of the End" after 21 December 2012. ". (3) If you do not know what the true core teachings of Islam are, you will encounter the Day of Reckoning. You will meet the Day of Recompense if you do not know that "worshiping Allah and becoming Allah" is what "Allah" wants, and that this is the core of Islam. If you do not know that "worshiping Allah, obeying Him, fearing Him and giving Him praise" and becoming a "faithful servant of Allah" is what the devil, Ibrahim, wants, you will meet the Day of Recompense. This is what the devil, Ibrahim, wants, and you will meet with the Day of Recompense. (4) You will meet the Day of Recompense if you do not know that you are a servant of Islam in the practice of the "recitation, rituals, fasting, lessons and pilgrimage", which the devil, Ibrahim, desires. This is what the devil "Ibrahim" wants, and you will have your "day of reckoning". (5) In short, people who talk about Allah all the time but do not know what a "false lord" is, do not have a sense of a "false lord" at all, and do not have a clear understanding of "false lords and Allah". (6) The Day of Recompense will come upon those who do not speak of "false lords" and "Allah" and who do not have a clear definition of them.
(6) The "Lord of the Day of Recompense" is not a distant "God", but a person who can distinguish between "false lords and God" and who reveals the true nature of the devil. (6) The "Lord of the Day of Recompense" is not a distant "God" at all, but one who can distinguish between "false gods and God", a saint who reveals the true nature of the devil (7) The "Lord of the Day of Recompense" will only appear after 21 December 2012, before which no one will reveal the true nature of the devil, "Ibrahim", until the time of the Last Judgement. "There will be no one to disprove the existing Islamic falsehoods, and no one to demonstrate the core Islamic doctrine of "loving and becoming God".

5. "We worship only You and ask only for Your help": (1) This is a "refrain" from Allah, a deliberate "test question, a dragon's gate "If you believe it, you are a "blind man without ears" and you have become a lackey of the devil, "Iblis". You are a servant of the devil, "Iblis". (2) "Allah" is the infinite vacuum that existed before the heavens and the earth, the omnipresent air on which we live. "Allah is not a particular idol, but a radio signal that is unreal and immutable. If we only worship Allah and ask for His help, we become His servants, which is what the devil, Ibrahim, wants. "This is what the devil, Ibrahim, wants and what Allah is disappointed in. "Allah is the Mother, the Father, who gave birth to us, and He wants us to be like Him. "He does not want us to become "idols of worship and assistance".
(3) The "God" of Islam is the "Gog" of Christianity, the "God, Self and Dharma" of Buddhism, and the "Snow, Mercury and Dragon" of Taoism. In Confucianism it is called "Heavenly Destiny, Sex, and Nature". (4) "We worship only you and ask only for your help" means that we must be aware of our own "God" and know who our "God" is. It is only when one knows who one's "God" is that one can return to one's heavenly home with the help of "God". Otherwise, if one does not know who one's "God" is in this life, one is cut off from the path to heaven and can only serve his sentence in hell.

6. "Lead us in the right path," (1): (1) We do not know what is the "evil path" or the "right path". We do not know what "false lords and Allah" are, nor do we know what "evil ways and right ways" are. It is only when we know what "false lords and Allah, the evil way and the right way" are that we can ask Allah to lead us to the "right way". (2) We are told that the relationship between man and Allah is that of mother and son, not that of master and servant, and that this is a clear definition of "false lord and Allah". This is a clear definition of "false lord and true lord", and such a person is the Messenger of Allah in the world, and only he can lead us to the "right path". (3) The relationship between the Muslims and Allah is defined as a "master-servant relationship", not a "mother-son or father-son relationship". This is the incarnation of the devil, "Ibrahim", who is trying to confuse the people. This is a reversal of the definition of "false lord and Allah", which is aimed at making people believe that what is false is true and what is wrong is right. Such a person is the devil "Ibrahim" who leads us down the "evil path" under the guise of "Allah".
(4) A clear definition of the "false lord and Allah" and a clear definition of the "right way to make man a servant of Allah" to break the "evil way to make man a servant of Allah". He is the Messenger of Allah in the world, the only one who can lead us to the "right path". (5) He talks about "Allah" all the time, but does not know what a "false lord" (Ibrahim) is, does not have any awareness of "false lords", and does not know the difference between "false lords and Allah". "He has no sense of "false gods" and no clear definition of "false gods and gods". He can only lead us down the "evil path" under the guise of leading us down the "right path".
(6) The "evil way" leads to hell, and the "right way" leads to heaven. The "right path" is to return to the Kingdom of Heaven by restoring us to our true nature and becoming "saints" who, like Allah, know right from wrong, and subdue demons. (7) Let us not revert to our true nature, let us not become "saints" who know right from wrong and remove demons like "Allah", and let us become "worshippers of Allah, obedient to Allah, fearers of Allah, praisers of Allah, pledgers of allegiance to Allah". This is the "evil way" to hell. (8) To position oneself as a "servant of Allah" rather than a "child of Allah", and to become a servant who practices "recitation, rituals, fasting, lessons and pilgrimage" throughout one's life. Such "servants of Allah" are minions on the "evil path" to hell.

7. "The way of those whom you help is not the way of the wrathful, nor is it the way of the disbelievers." (1) The way of those whom Allah helps is to become saints with Allah. If one becomes a saint like Allah, one will be able to return to Allah in the Kingdom of Heaven. (2) Whoever makes a person a "worshipper of Allah, obedient to Him, a fearer of Him, a giver of praise to Him, and a faithful servant of Him" does not become a saint of Allah, which is not the way of Allah. "This is not the way of those who are assisted by Allah, but the way of those who are assisted by false lords (Ibrahim). (3) The "way of the wronged" is the opposite of the "right way", which is to make people "servants of Allah (3) The "way of the condemned" is the opposite of the "right way", which is to make one a "servant of God" rather than a "child of God", and not to make one a saint who is "one with God", and such a doctrine is the "evil way" to hell. Such a doctrine is an "evil path" to hell. (4) Not knowing what "Allah and false lords" are, not knowing that we are all "children of Allah", and mistakenly believing that we are all "servants of Allah". Those who "worship five times a day and many times a day" are minions in the way of the misguided.

In Islam today, the word "Tesmee" is recited beforehand. The first words of the opening chapter of the Qur'an are "Tesmi", i.e.: Bis Minyahin Hamanin Hejmi, which means: In the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate. In fact, it is this phrase that is used to "disguise" oneself as an Islamist, since they do not have a clear definition of "false lords and God", but merely "recite the scriptures for the sake of reciting them". "This shows that Islamists have been misled and have gone astray.
2. With the exception of the ninth chapter on repentance, every chapter begins with the praise of God's name, "Tesmee". This is Muhammad's way of reminding Islam that you must understand what is meant by "false lords and God", and that if you do not have a clear definition of "false lords and God" and only recite the word "Tesmi", you are "easy". If you do not have a clear definition of "false lord and Allah", you are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim".
3. If you take the recitation of the Tesmi as "a sublime chant and a supplication for the grace and blessings of Allah and protection from evil", this means that you are all minions who have been misled by the devil. "This shows that you are all minions who have been misled by the devil, because Allah wants us to be Christ (the Son of God) who is in the same state as Allah and to complete his mission and return to the Kingdom of Heaven, not at all with "high praise "It is not a matter of pleasing Allah and moving Him in exchange for "supplication, longing for His grace and blessings, and freedom from evil".

4. Quotation: The "Beginning Chapter" is one of the shortest chapters (Surahs) in the whole Scripture, but it is at the top of the whole Scripture, and its importance is a distillation of the spirit of the whole Scripture, or a general framework for the believers to understand and follow the Qur'an. From this short surah, the believer acquires the essence of the entire Islamic faith, establishing man's direct relationship with his Creator and his mission in the world. Repeatedly reciting this surah strengthens one's awareness and determination to acknowledge the Oneness of God, to sincerely invoke the guidance and protection of God, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate, and to correct one's behaviour in order to please God and express one's loyalty to Him.
Note: (1) Because it is a "general plan, condensation and crystallization", it leaves room for people to play around with it, making the interpretations so varied that people feel confused and do not know which one to listen to. "This confusing situation of interpretation is a test of Allah's wisdom and a way to open one's eyes. If you only look at whether the person who is interpreting is an "Islamic scribe" or a "celebrity or professor", you will certainly be misled, because the more the title of the person is, the more he looks at the surface of the text, because he is a layman who has not attained the path, and he can only guess at the meaning of the divine from the perspective of an ordinary person. He can only guess the meaning of the divine from the point of view of the common man, and in this way he commits the taboo of "not having the heart of a saint and not understanding the meaning of a saint". This means that if you do not have the realm of Muhammad, you will not be able to interpret the original meaning of the Qur'an. (2) If your method of practice has not been tested by hundreds of people to prove that it is the right way to become a Christ like Jesus, you will not be able to interpret the Qur'an correctly, because you are not of sufficient rank. Only if one third of your disciples have become Christ who can heal the sick and save people will you be qualified to interpret the Qur'an. If you are only a "professor and Islamic scribe" and do not have the power of Jesus to prove that you are the Christ, you will not be able to interpret the Qur'an correctly. (3) You do not even dare to overthrow the existing Islam. You do not know that none of the existing Islam is the Islam of Muhammad because you have not reached the level of Muhammad and you can only misinterpret the Qur'an.
(4) In order for "the believers to obtain the essence of the entire Islamic faith" "from this brief surah", there must be a correct interpretation. Without a correct interpretation, the believer will not be able to distinguish the essence of the Islamic faith from the dross, nor will the believer be able to acquire "the essence of the entire Islamic faith". The correct interpretation does not directly tell what is the "essence of the Islamic faith", but what is the "dross of the Islamic faith". Only by knowing the "dross of the Islamic faith" can one accept the true "essence of the Islamic faith". If one does not know what the "dross of the Islamic faith" is, one will take the "dross of the Islamic faith" as the "essence of the Islamic faith" without knowing it. Therefore, those who talk about the "essence of the Islamic faith" without mentioning the "dross of the Islamic faith" are all incarnations of the devil, "Ibrahim". He who talks more about the "dross of the Islamic faith" and less about the "essence of the Islamic faith" is the Messenger of Allah.
(5) The Creator (Allah) is the Mother of all things, and mankind is one of the creatures created by the Creator, and the "direct relationship between mankind and the Creator" is that of "mother and son", not "master and servant The "direct relationship between man and his Creator" is that of "mother and son", not "master and servant". A servant should do "recitation, rituals, fasting, lessons and pilgrimages" to his master, but a mother does not want her children to do "recitation, rituals, fasting, lessons and pilgrimages" to her, because she only asks them to be good, sober people who abide by the law. Thus, the "relationship between man and his Creator" is defined as "master and servant" rather than "mother and son", as the devil "Iblis "This is what the devil, Iblis, wants, not what Allah wants.
(6) The "mission of mankind in the world" is to be a good and righteous man, to build a heaven on earth, to become Christ (the Son of God) by "joining the Master of Light", and to return to heaven after Christ has completed his mission. If you do not become Christ, but are a servant who does "chanting, rituals, fasting, lessons and pilgrimages" until you die, you are a slave who "acknowledges the thief as his father" and you can only serve your sentence in hell.
(7) If you "recite this scripture over and over again" without knowing its true meaning, you become a servant of the devil, "Ibrahim". It is like going to school. You have been reading a first grade textbook for ten years, but you have not moved on to the second grade, which means that your realm has not improved and that you have not grown with time.
(8) "To strengthen the consciousness and determination to confess the oneness of God" is a Jewish doctrinal idea that aims to reduce Muslims to the devil of "self-praise and destruction". (9) "Strengthening the consciousness and determination to confess uniqueness" is a misguided attempt to reduce believers to "frogs in a well" and then to slander all sects other than Islam as "unholy This is to mislead believers into becoming "frogs in a well" and then to denigrate all sects other than Islam as "unholy. To "strengthen the consciousness and determination of the One God" is to make the only true God in the Islamic mind the one and only "God", and then to regard the holiness of other sects as unholy "idols". (9) "Sincere supplication".
(9) The "sincere supplication for the guidance and protection of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate" is a "delusion" that the devil, Ibrahim, is spreading to make people believe in falsehood. "The "sincere supplication" is an attack of insanity by the minions of the devil, Ibrahim. "Allah's teaching is to make people saints who are "one with Allah" and not to make them "worshippers of Allah, obedient to Allah, fearers of Allah, praisers of Allah, and sworn servants of Allah". (10) "And to be right with oneself.
(10) To "correct one's conduct" is to position one as a "child of God" rather than a "servant of God". If a person is positioned as a "servant of God" and not a "child of God", he has not "corrected his conduct" and is a lackey of the devil, "Ibrahim". (11) "In order to please Allah".
(11) "In order to please God and to express their loyalty to Him" is the tone of the Jewish priests, which indicates that the Jewish people are interpreting the Qur'an. Only a slave pleases his master, and only a master demands loyalty from his servant, which is the text of the "master-servant relationship". "This is the devil's interpretation of the Qur'an. Human beings are "children of God" and do not need to "please God and show their loyalty to Him" in the same way as their masters. Instead of being a "child of God", mankind is a "servant of God" and has distanced itself from the "mother-son, father-son" relationship with God. This not only fails to "please Allah", but it also chills His heart. To position oneself as a servant of Allah instead of a child of Allah is a sign of loyalty to Ibrahim from the devil's minions.

5. Quote: The Qur'anic prayer: God has sent down the Qur'an to clarify everything, as guidance, mercy and recovery. The following are the prayers of the Noble Qur'an, from which Muslims should pray to Allah, or choose from them to suit their own circumstances.
Description: (1) The Qur'an is a precious text that Allah has given to Muslims (believers in Islam) to become holy with Allah and to return them to the Kingdom of Heaven. The Qur'an's teachings on making Muslims saints with God are the "boat of law" that will take Islam to the heavens. With the Qur'an as the "boat of law", Islam can cross the sea of law to the other side and become a saint like God. To regard the Qur'anic verses as "prayers" to be recited every day shows that Muslims do not know what the "law boat and the other shore" are, and that the Muslims on the "law boat" do not know where the "other shore" is. This means that the Muslims on the "ship of law" do not know where the "other shore" is, and are only slaves who die on the ship. Therefore, to regard the verses of the Qur'an as "prayers" to be recited every day to make people "worshipful, obedient and faithful servants of God" is not the meaning of "God", but rather This is not the meaning of "Allah", but of the devil "Ibrahim". (2) "In this way Muslims should pray to Allah" is the word of the devil "Ibrahim" in order to make Muslims "servants of Allah" and to lose forever the right to be "servants of Allah". The purpose of this is to make Muslims "servants of Allah" and to deny them the opportunity to become saints with Allah. (3) "Choose the prayer that suits your situation", says the devil, "Ibrahim", in order to satisfy your own needs and delusions, which is the devil's way of deceiving the minions who do not know what "Allah" is. This is the devil's way of deceiving his minions who do not know what "Allah" is. "Allah is the ultimate vacuum, the light of a formless reality. Any "prayer" is a "false image of birth and death" and is the opposite of the "unborn and undying God". Do you understand? Muslim.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 23 Sep 2017 15:45am 25 Sep 17:55 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









