The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1: The Yellow Cow (111-120) Evidence that "Judaism and Christianity" are both devilish groups
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (111) Evidence that "Judaism and Christianity" are both devilish groups
111. They say: "No one will enter Paradise except the Jews and the Christians." This is their delusion. You say, "If you are honest, then show your evidence!" : (1) Genesis "1:29 And God said, "Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel": this is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" to "forbid the eating of meat". This is God's "commandment and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". Those who do not take this statement seriously and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. The person who kills an animal in sacrifice to God, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill and is a vegetarian". The Jewish doctrine of "killing animals to sacrifice to God, to be pleasing to the Lord and to make atonement for his sins" is the devil's way of misleading ignorant people to bribe the righteous and selfless God, to make people magnify their selfish desires, to make them learn to protect their shortcomings, to be selfish, to make them become a farce that "covers their ears and makes them go south". "This is the behaviour and mentality of a vile and shameless devil. (2) Genesis "4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Whosoever slayeth Cain shall be recompensed sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": "Sevenfold shall be the reward of him who kills Cain", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD", and also killed The brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" shows that Yahweh rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills someone who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to the LORD will be given priority protection by the LORD. "So the LORD made a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD", and also killed his brother who "offered the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep". "This shows that Jehovah rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that those who kill those who take "the flesh of the animals and sacrifice them" to the LORD are under the LORD's focused protection. Heaven is not a place of killing, it is a source of life, a place where life is nurtured, not a "slaughterhouse" at all! The angels in heaven "eat the wind and drink the dew" and do not eat at all, for they are themselves a breath of fresh air. Jehovah is the "energy group" that gives birth to the life of the universe. Jehovah does not eat at all and is not an "animal that likes to eat meat", let alone a "beast that has to eat animals all day long to fill its stomach He is not a "meat-loving animal" or a "beast that eats animals all day long to fill its stomach". Therefore, anyone who takes "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Yahweh is a devil who slanders and insults Yahweh, who gave birth to life, with his words and actions of "cruelty to life". Anyone who kills a person who offers "animal flesh" to Yahweh is Yahweh's Christ and Judge on earth, and will be protected by Yahweh.
(3) Jesus overthrew Judaism by calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", causing panic in Judaism, which then crucified Jesus. Jesus was the revolutionary who overthrew the "Old Testament" and opened the "New Testament" era, and it is the indoctrination of Jesus that is the unique Christianity. Jesus made the Christians into the Christian religion, called Christianity. What Christ is like is written in detail in Jesus' Book of Revelation. Only those who practice the indoctrination of Christ in the Book of Revelation and follow the definition of Christ as described by Jesus are Christians. (4) The signs and specific images of Christ are so detailed in the first and second chapters of the book of Revelation that if you ignore them, you become a direct devil and you pass on the devil's magic as "the Christian's indoctrination to be Christ". The eight signs of Christ: eyes like a flame of fire, feet like bright brass, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, face like a blazing sun, hates the Nicolaitans, and has a rod of iron. (5) Christianity after the Bible does not allow Christians to be "Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, whose feet are like bright brass, whose voice is like the sound of many waters, whose right hand has seven stars, whose mouth has a two-edged sword, whose face shines like the burning sun, who hates the party of Nicolas, and who has received a rod of iron", showing that this is not the unique, Jesus' Christianity, that the Judaizers dominated Christianity, and that Christianity metamorphosed into a demonic group. (6) After 427, with Christianity after the Bible, Christians did not have the words and actions of Jesus who called the Judaizers "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", but instead practised the Old Testament which Jesus had overthrown, indicating that a demonic group under the guise of Christianity was dominating Christianity, indicating that the New Testament The New Testament must have been added by Judaizers under the guise of Christianity. (7) "No one will enter Paradise except Jews and Christians", which means that "Jews and Christians" are two denominations of one doctrine, which means that the two denominations share the same doctrine and common beliefs, and that Judaism has annexed Christianity. This means that Judaism has annexed Christianity. (8) "No one shall enter Paradise except Jews and Christians" is the poisonous idea that there is only one true God in Judaism and that all other gods are "unholy", indicating that "Paradise "This "paradise" was created by an intolerant dictator, a place for "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel and mean" people, a devil's cave for animal sacrifice. It is a devil's den, not a "paradise" in the sense of heaven.
(9) "No one will ever enter Paradise except Jews and Christians. This is their delusion." This shows that Muhammad denied "Judaism and Christianity", that he saw "Judaism and Christianity" for what they were, devilish groups, and that Muhammad (570-632) knew what was happening in those days. 632) knew that the Christianity of his time had been annexed by Judaism! This means that Muhammad was a revolutionary who denied "Judaism and Christianity". If Muhammad had not seen "Judaism and Christianity" for what they really were, he would not have been able to say such a verse, and he would not have become the founder of Islam who compiled the Qur'an. (10) "Say: If you are truthful, then show your proofs!" If you dare to ask them back like this, you are a Christ (son of God) like Muhammad. If you do not even have the courage to ask them, then you are a "servant of God" or a lackey of "Ibrahim". (11) In fact, the evidence of their "Jewishness and Christianity" is the common practice of the "Old Testament" and their treating the "Jewish priests" as if they were "prophets" like Jesus. (11) In fact, the evidence that they are "Jews and Christians" is the common practice of the Old Testament and the fact that they both regard the "Jewish priests" as "prophets" like Jesus and do not position Jesus as a "revolutionary who overthrew Judaism and started Christianity".

(112) The fear of death of the believers is an indication of a failure to "submit all to God".
112: "Otherwise, those who submit to Allah and do good deeds will enjoy reward from their Lord, and they will have no fear and no sorrow in the future." (1) "Or else" means that if you do not dare to ask them this rhetorical question, you have not submitted to Allah as a whole. (2) Allah is a formless, omnipresent, and omnipresent vacuum. To "submit to Allah" means to submit to the invisible and omnipresent vacuum, to have the courage to see through the falsehood of the world, to see righteousness and to be willing to die, and to have the courage to die for the truth. If one is afraid of life and death, there is no "submission of all to God". If one has delusions of fame and fortune, there is no "submission of all to God". (3) If one does not know what "all submission to Allah" is, and if one misinterprets "all submission to Allah", one will also misinterpret "good and evil, doing good and doing evil", and will not be able to enjoy the reward of the Lord. (4) Fear of life and fear of death will lead to fear, concern and anxiety, which means that the "submission of all to Allah" has not been achieved.
(5) Leviticus 1:1 And the Lord called to Moses from the Tent of Meeting, and said to him, 1:2 Speak to the children of Israel, saying, If any of you offers an offering to the Lord, he shall offer an animal for an offering from among the cattle and the flocks. 1:3 And if his offering is a burnt offering of an ox, he shall offer a bullock without disability at the door of the Tent of Meeting, that it may be pleasing to the Lord. 1:4 And he shall lay his hand on the head of the burnt offering, and it shall be acceptable to him, and shall make atonement for his sin. (6) This shows that Moses (Musa) was a lackey who was compelled by the devil under the guise of Yahweh. Judaism is about killing animals for burnt offerings to Yahweh, about bribing Yahweh with delusions of grandeur in order to get rid of sin, which in fact only increases sin, so the Jewish "outlook on life and values" are distorted and perverted. The Jewish understanding of "doing good" is also distorted, perverted and inverted. The reward that the Jewish people enjoy with their Lord is the punishment of hell, not the "paradise" of heaven at all.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (113) Judaizers and Christians, both devilish groups who recite the Bible.
113. "The Jews and the Christians, both of whom recite the Scriptures of heaven, yet the Jews say, "The Christians have no proof." The Christians also say, "The Jews have no proof." And they say such things, even those who have no knowledge. So on the Day of Resurrection God will judge the right and wrong of what they argue." (1) There is a day and a night, and even during the day there are clouds and rain and other bad weather, so there are two kinds of "heavenly scriptures", one written by God and one written by the devil, "Ibrahim". In the Old Testament, only the book of Genesis is written by God using the "reverse thinking" method to show what the "prophets" of the devil possessed were like, while the rest were written by the devil's "Ibrahim" in various periods. The rest of the book is written by the devil "Ibrahim" of various periods. Only the Book of Revelation in the New Testament was written by God, the rest was altered by the devil's "Ibrahim". If one understands the Book of Revelation, one becomes a Christian and is able to distinguish between truth and falsehood in the Bible, otherwise one is a servant of the devil. (2) "Those who recite the Scriptures" are minions of the Scriptures. Because the Scriptures are the path, reciting them until death means that one has died on the way and has not reached heaven at all. "If one stays with a textbook for the rest of one's life, one will never graduate to society and will become a "dwarf in a classroom". (3) The Jews and the Christians are the two denominations that recite the Bible, the heavenly scriptures, and the two devilish groups that recite the Bible, the heavenly scriptures. (4) "But the Jews said, The Christians have no proof" because Jesus overthrew Judaism and established Christianity by calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", causing panic in Judaism, which crucified Jesus. crucified. Although much has been added to the New Testament by the Judaizers, there are still passages in which Jesus rebukes the Judaizers (Pharisees). (5) "The Christians also say: The Jews have no proof" because Christians know that it was Judaism that killed Jesus and that Judaism was the demonic group that Jesus overthrew. Any sane and sane person who reads the Old Testament will know that the Jewish prophets were demon-possessed minions. (6) Those who have no knowledge do not know the "unique truth of the righteousness of the law", do not know the sign of "Christ", nor do they have the measure to become "Christ", and therefore do not know They do not know where the "proofs" are. When they do not arrive in Paradise on the Day of Resurrection, but go to Hell to serve their sentence, then God will be judging them on the right and wrong of their argument.

This "refrain" is not seen by Muslims, but only by Christ, as the True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (114).
114. "Who is more unrighteous than those who prevent people from entering a mosque to recite the name of God and seek to destroy it? Such people are not fit to enter a mosque except in fear. They will be humiliated in this world and will be subjected to a great punishment in the Hereafter." (1) "Whoever prevents a person from entering a mosque to recite the name of Allah and seeks to demolish it", do you know who this person is? The first person who "prevented people from entering the temple of the Lord to recite the name of God and tried to tear it down" was Jesus, who preceded Muhammad by five hundred years. This is because "reciting the name of God" anywhere is idolatry and magic, contrary to God's original intention of "making Christians into Christ". Muslims do not have the Christianity of Jesus and do not know that the "recitation of the name of God" is a magic trick that is contrary to what God intended for Christians to be. (2) "Recitation of the name of God" is a magic trick that is contrary to God's intention of "making Christians Christ". (2) The "recitation of the name of Allah" is the wailing of ignorant beasts, for Allah is in each of us and is the "King of our hearts" (soul, Gog). Allah is our soul in this life and is the true master of our minds in this life. All our souls in this life are angels who are not different from Allah. If our physical bodies did not have a "soul of Allah", we would be born stillborn without a heartbeat. We know who our parents are when we are in our mother's womb, and if the soul of Allah does not want to go to this family as a child, the baby has no heart, that is, the soul of Allah If it does not go to this family, the baby is stillborn. The fact that you do not know the meaning of the concept of "Allah", and that you go about "reciting the name of Allah" with all sorts of delusions, means that you are all misguided and abused by the devil, Ibrahim. (3) When you see that "man has entered into the fold of Allah", you are not only a slave, but also a slave. (3) Those who see "people going to the mosque to recite the name of Allah" have been misled and abused by the devil. This means that this man is "the Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", and that he is not only a righteous man who saves Muslims from the devil, but also a worldly man who can deliver people to heaven. He is also the most righteous man in the world who can bring people to heaven. There is no more righteous man in the world than he is, for the saving of a life is still in the karma, and the saving of a wise life, once saved, is never reincarnated. (4) For more than a thousand years, from the time of Muhammad to the present, there has not been a single person in the Islamic world who has "prevented people from entering a mosque to recite the name of God and has attempted to demolish it". This does not mean that the Islamic world is full of "righteous people", but rather that there is not a single "righteous" person in the Islamic world, which is the sadness of the entire Islamic world.
(5) The person who prevents people from entering a mosque to recite the name of Allah and seeks to destroy it is the Christ of this world, who is not in fear, but is angry with the devil, Ibrahim, who is harming the lives of people, and will make the devil "He is not in fear, he is in anger at the devil who is harming people's wisdom. If you are shocked when you are confronted with someone who "prevents people from entering a mosque to recite the name of Allah and tries to demolish it" and you are put "in fear", you do not know what the true teachings of Allah are and you are a devil! This means that you are a servant of the devil, "Ibn Abd Allah". (6) "Those who prevent people from entering the mosque to recite the name of God and who seek to destroy it" will be humiliated in this world by the minion of the devil "Ibrahim" and will be rewarded in the Hereafter by never being reincarnated, because his extraordinary words and actions have awakened the wise. He is an angel sent by God who is willing to die for the sake of God and to make people think about what is right. (7) "He who makes people go to the mosque to recite the name of God and prepares to build it", they will be honoured in this world and will be punished in the Hereafter with a great punishment, because he does not make Muslims Christ with God, and he misleads them to become wailing beasts and to fall into hell.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (115) China and the Chinese in the Far East are also "Allah's"
115: "The East and the West are Allah's; and whichever way you turn, that is the direction of Allah. Indeed, Allah is the Forgiving, the All-Knowing." (1) The True Exposition of the Qur'an reached the Islamic world, overthrowing the whole of Islamic falsehood and revealing teachings that enlightened the Muslims, much to the displeasure of the devil "Ibrahim" who ruled the Muslim mind. So, it was said: "Do not read the true interpretation of the Qur'an as interpreted by the Chinese, because the Chinese in the Far East are not Arabs and do not understand our Middle Eastern classics. The truth is that "the East and the West are Allah's" and the whole universe is Allah's. How can China and the Chinese in the Far East not be "Allah's"? The name of God in the Islamic world and the name of Our Lady of Wuji in China are different, but they both mean the same thing. (2) "Wherever you turn, there is the direction of Allah", for both the "East and the West" are "Allah's", and China in the Far East is also "To accept the teachings of the Qur'an in China is to accept God's new teaching in the face of the "direction of God". (3) Allah is lenient with every ignorant person and gives them time to correct their mistakes, although they have made them this time, and hopefully they will correct them next time. Allah is the parent in our family. As our parents would treat us who are ignorant, Allah will treat us like parents. (4) Allah knows all about whether each of us can overcome inertia, turn to the dark side and change our ways, and whether we are true practitioners who want to return to the heavens after seeing the red earth.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (116) Allah is the common mother of man and animals
116. "They say: Allah has taken man as His son. Praise be to Allah, over all things! Otherwise, all things in the heavens and the earth are His; everything is subservient to Him." : (1) "They say: Allah has made man his son" shows that they are rude and barbaric to the core and have not fully accepted Allah's complete indoctrination at all. Allah created the universe, and the universe obeys His rules, and Allah has made the universe His son. The angels, men and the devils, the "Ibrahim", are all children of God. Allah is not "the son of man", but the son of those who accept His teachings and obey His rules. If a person is self-righteous, does not listen to advice, does not accept Allah's teachings, does not know His rules, and does not follow His rules, Allah will not take such an ignorant and "brain-dead" person as a son, and such an ignorant and "brain-dead" person is a devil. Such a foolish and ignorant "brain-dead" person is the child of the devil, "Ibrahim". (2) Those who do not observe the Five Commandments (not to eat meat, not to steal, not to commit adultery, not to lie, and not to drink) are those who do not know the rules of God and do not observe them, and they are not the children of God, and God will not take such ignorant people as sons. Such ignorant people are the children of the devil, "Ibrahim". (3) A person who "praises Allah and surpasses all things" without explaining the kind of sons Allah has, and without knowing the kind of sons Allah has, is a devil who has kidnapped Allah for fame and glory. (4) Allah is not just "the son of man", but "all things in the heavens and the earth are His children". Allah is the common mother of man and animals. When man kills an animal, he slaughters his brothers and sisters. When man kills an animal to eat its flesh, he is eating the flesh of his brothers and sisters. (5) All things in the universe and on earth are subject to the commands and rules of Allah. If one does not obey Allah's commands and rules, he is a rebel and a criminal who will be punished. (6) Allah has deliberately not written this verse clearly and has deliberately omitted the central part here to see which of you Muslims has great wisdom. But you all think in terms of your own selfish desires, you all make excuses for your "gluttony and greed" and you all forgive your "selfishness and greed" again and again, and your "desire makes you wise". As a result, you have all fallen into the hands of the devil, "Ibrahim", without even knowing it. You Muslims will not know this until you are in hell, but it will be too late. (7) Wake up, Muslim brothers. Brothers of the Islamic world, please accept the advice of a Chinese brother and wake up. Allah desires that Muslims, together with their Chinese brothers, should raise their realm, become Christ and return to Paradise. Please do not disappoint your Muslim brothers!

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (117) Allah has used the "nothing" as a pole, so that there is "something" and Allah is the "nothing".
117: "He is the Creator of the heavens and the earth, and when He judges a matter, He only says "Yes" to it, and it comes into being." (1) Heaven is clear, so it rises above, and is Yang. The earth is muddy, and therefore lowly, and is yin. "Nothing" created heaven and earth, and heaven and earth created "something" out of "nothing". All things in heaven and earth are created out of nothing, and this is called "creation out of nothing". The creator of the heavens and the earth is "nothing", and "nothing" is Allah, the creator of the heavens and the earth, the source of all life, and the common mother of all things in the universe. It is the oldest of all mothers, because it is too old to be counted in time. From nothing, Allah is the Old Mother who gave birth to all things in the universe, also called the "Old Mother of the Unborn". (2) "He only said to that which is, and it came into being" means that Allah used "nothing" as the ultimate point, and there came into being "something". "(3) The heavens and the earth were created from "nothing". (3) The heavens and the earth are the two opposing, mutually rooted "existences" arising from the "no-pole", also called the "taiji and the pole of existence". This is "Wuji creates Taiji". Heaven and earth are yin and yang. Yin and Yang are the basic substances that make up everything in the universe. If Yin and Yang did not exist in Heaven and Earth, there would be nothing. The superficial, tangible, active, positive, masculine, etc., is yang. The back side, the invisible, the passive, the negative, the static, the female, etc., is yin. The "Wuji" of God is prior to the heavens and the earth, also known as the "Heavenly". The "Taiji" and "Youji" are "there" and come into existence later than the "Heaven", and are born out of the "Heaven", called It is called the "later heaven". (4) The human body, which is visible to the eye, is yang (being), and the soul, which is invisible to the eye, is yin (nothing). Although the human physical body is what can be seen as yang, the physical body is directed by the soul and the destiny soul; the soul and destiny soul that dominates the physical body is yang, and the dominated physical body is yin. This is how yin and yang (nothing and something) are relative, inter-rooted and transformed.
(5) All things in this world have four stages: "becoming, living, deteriorating and empty" (birth, old age, sickness and death). It is not a formless reality like Allah's that is the eternal reality. (6) All things are nurtured by Allah, and all things are transient "beings" born out of nothing, and only when we return to "nothing" do we return to Allah. It is only by making good use of our brief existence (the human body) in this life, by joining a wise teacher, by staying away from ignorant "imams" (Ibrahim), and by seeing Allah's true nature during our lifetime, that we can be assured of reaching Paradise after death. (7) If a religious person does not see Allah (swt) in his lifetime, there is no guarantee that you will reach Paradise or Hell, and you will definitely go to Hell. (7) Having seen Allah (the soul), one has the state of Christ like Jesus. The fact that Muslims do not have the Christ-like state of Jesus means that none of you have seen Allah (soul), and you are all slaves who recognize the thief as their father, and you will surely go to hell.
(8) Greetings, Muslim brothers! Do you see? What I have said about the interpretation of "nothing and something" is the theory of the Chinese Taoist I Ching. Your God is the Old Mother of Chinese Taoism, and your "nothing and something" here is the Chinese theory of "creation of something out of nothing". Therefore, your God and the Chinese Taoist "Wuji, Xiantian and Lao-Mu" are only superficially different, but they both have the same meaning and connotation. This is why I, a Chinese who is well versed in Taoist theory, can explain the Qur'an verse by verse, and this is why Islam and Chinese Taoism are one and the same. In fact, this is also the case with the essence of the five religions, Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam, and this is why they are all one. (9) The reason why you have not found the Five Religions to be one is that you have not clearly distinguished between the "essence and the dross" of Islam. If you have the yardstick to distinguish the "essence from the dross" (which Jesus called the "iron rod" in the Book of Revelation), you will become a second Jesus Christ. If you become a Christ and read the Taoist texts, you will find common ground with the Qur'an, and you will exclaim that "both the East and the West are God's", and you will discover that the Chinese of the Far East are "brothers of one mother" in the Islamic world.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (118) There is no second Jesus Christ in the Islamic world, so the people do not know the meaning of the Scriptures.
118. "The ignorant say: Why does Allah not speak to us? Why does not a sign come to us?" Such words were spoken by those before them; their hearts were similar. Indeed, We have clarified many signs for the people of the faithful." : (1) Why does Allah not speak to us? It is because the "Imam" who teaches us the Qur'an is an "Ibrahim". In life, when we talk to ourselves unconsciously, it is Allah who speaks to us; when we realise that we have made a mistake and blame ourselves, it is Allah who speaks to us. When you have the True Explanation of the Qur'an, which I have expounded, and you truly understand the meaning of the Scriptures, you are hearing what Allah says in the Qur'an, and that is when Allah is talking to you. Do you understand? Brother Muslim. (2) There are many signs from Allah that come to us, why do we not know them? It is because the Imam who teaches us the Qur'an is an "Ibrahim". In our lives, we know how to eat, dress, be ashamed, etc. We think and think, and this is a sign that Allah has come to us. If Allah had not come to us, we would be dead, stillborn, and would not exist in the world. (3) "The people before them also said such things", also because they were all ignorant. (4) There is no difference between the ignorant and the wise; their hearts are similar, but the education they have received is different, the degree of opening of their minds is different, and the spiritual realm of a person is different. Some are knowledgeable and have been instructed by wise teachers and become wise. Others become ignorant and think they are knowledgeable because they have been taught by a single person and reject other new ideas, and have been misled by the "Ibrahim" who have limited knowledge and appear to be merciful. (5) Indeed, God has given many signs to the believing people, but the verses are more esoteric than the average Muslim can understand. The Qur'an is a top-notch scripture, which can be understood differently by people of primary, secondary and university levels, but there is only one original meaning of the Qur'an, and only Christ of the university level can make it clear. There has not been a second Jesus Christ in the Islamic world for more than a thousand years, which is why it has not been understood by "a people who have clarified many signs and have believed".

The True Explanation of the Qur'an, chapter 2 (119), contains a verse-by-verse exposition of the Qur'an's words and deeds, showing that it was directed by God.
119: "Indeed, We have made you an Annunciator and a Warner of the truth; and you are not responsible for the inhabitants of the Fire." (1) "And We have made you the truth" means that We have caused you to reveal the truth of the Qur'an in its original meaning. (2) "We have indeed made you the truth" means: If you have expounded the Qur'an verse by verse, this is the truth of the Qur'an that Allah has indeed commanded you to reveal. If you are unable to speak or type the Qur'anic verses, or if you are unable to expound them verse by verse, then Allah has not commanded you to expound the truth of the Qur'an. (3) Muslims, are you aware of this? It is simply impossible for anyone to perform a verse-by-verse exposition if Allah has not authorized it and if He has not inspired you. Try it, Muslim, if you cannot expound the Qur'an verse by verse as I have done, it means that you have been authorised by Allah. The Qur'an can only be expounded if you have learned a great deal of basic knowledge, have accumulated it over a long period of time, and have reached the realm of Christ with a sense of understanding. (4) The subversive exposition of the True Qur'an has shocked Muslims into learning from scratch a new doctrine that is not found in the Islamic world, and into becoming Muslims who have truly accepted God's infallibility (from being Muslims to becoming Christians), in which case they have become wise "annunciators" of the faithful. The subversive interpretation of the Qur'an has shocked and infuriated the "imams" among Muslims, because the Qur'an shows that they are the "Ibrahim" of the Islamic world. Some of these "imams" who have not lost their conscience have abandoned the millennium-old falsehoods and have accepted the theories of the Qur'an, thus becoming "warners" to the faithful. (4) If one does not accept the theory of the Qur'an, if one continues to pass on the thousand-year old false tradition that has been passed down from one imam to another, and if one continues to be a "servant of God in worship", then one does not become a "holy man with God" in this life. "Such people are the devils, the "Ibrahim", and they are the "inhabitants of the Fire". The Muslim who does not listen to advice, who does not turn to the light, and who sticks to his foolishness, is not responsible, because he has been told, and he does not listen, and he is to blame for becoming a "resident of the Fire".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (120) "The Jews and the Christians" are "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel and mean" devilish dictators
120. "The Jews and the Christians will never like you until you submit to their religion. You say, "Indeed, the guidance of Allah is guidance." And if you submit to their selfish desires after knowledge has come to you, then you will never have any protector or helper against Allah." (1) You do not become a follower of the doctrine of the "Old Testament" of the Bible, you do not consider "the prophets of Judaism and Jesus" to be the same as saints, and "the Jews and Christians will never like you "Because they are "two brothers of the same mother", because Christians are Jews in the guise of Christians. (2) If you are a religious person other than "Judaism and Christianity", "Judaizers and Christians will never like you" because there is only one true God in their eyes, and that is their Jehovah. All gods other than Yahweh are "unholy", and belief in other religions is idolatry, but belief in Yahweh is not idolatry. The "Jews and Christians" have revealed the image of a "selfish, narrow-minded, poisonous, mean-spirited" devilish dictator. (3) If you give up your religion and believe in their one true God, Jehovah, and you do not want to become a Christ like Jesus, but are honestly reduced to being a "lamb" for the priests, "the Jews and Christians will like you" because you have become a lackey in their devil's cave. You have become a slave in their devil's cave. (4) You take the Book of Genesis and Revelation and say to the "Jews and Christians" that the guidance of God is in this one text, that only the Book of Genesis and Revelation is indeed the guidance of God, that only a small part of the New Testament is true, and that the rest of the text is modified by the church group, and that all of it is a demonstration of the true nature of the devil. The rest of the scriptures are modified by the Church group and show the true face of the devil. If you have such a statement, then Allah has sent "knowledge to you". (5) If, after God has given you knowledge, you learn the truth of the Bible, and if you submit to their (Jewish and Christian) selfish desires, then you will have no protector or helper, and you will contradict the Qur'an and rebel against God in the future, because you have become a devil, "Ibrahim". For "if you do not get the right way, you will get the evil one"!
(6) If you have received the True Qur'an, you have been given knowledge by Allah, and if you obey the selfish desires of their "imams" and do not practise the new knowledge revealed in the True Qur'an, you will not dare to become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, feet like bright bronze, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a staff of iron "You will not have any protector or helper, and you will resist the Qur'an in the future, because you have become the devil "Ibrahim". You have become a devil. For "if you do not get the right way, you will get the evil one"! (7) There is no such thing as learning a religion and not becoming a Christ, and still being "alone" and being a normal person. As soon as you do not become a Christ like Jesus, you are transformed into a demonic "eboshi". This is the truth that "if you don't get the right way, you will get the evil one". (8) All religions are a dharma boat that leads people to the other side. If you do not "abandon the boat and disembark" (become a Christ like Jesus) as soon as possible during your life, you will die on the boat and be buried in the sea of dharma because you do not know where the other side is, and you will become a "resident of the fire". "(9) Religious people are afraid to take on the role of Christ. (9) Religious people who do not dare to take up the role of Christ and fail to fulfill Christ's responsibility and duty to subdue demons are those who do not know where the other shore is, die on the boat, are buried in the sea of Dharma, and go to be "inhabitants of the fiery prison".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 21 October 2017 12:05 17 18:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









