The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (85-88) Seeking to be the Religion of Christ
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(85) The Muslims who practice the Five Religions are the revolutionaries of the Islamic world, the elite.
85. "He who seeks another religion than Islam will never be accepted in the religion he seeks, and he will be a loser in the Hereafter." : (1) "He who seeks another religion in Shaykhism" will never be a frog in a well with a blind eye, nor will he be a devil's cave lackey who sticks to his foolishness, but must be an Arab elite with vision and wisdom, and must be a man who wants to be Christ back in heaven. (2) "He who seeks another religion than Islam" must have discovered that what Islam could not satisfy him, what he could not solve in Islam, "other religions" have solved for him; he found the doctrine he wanted in "(3) Muhammad did not choose the religion of Islam.
(3) The fact that Muhammad did not choose Judaism and Christianity as the religion of the Arab nation, and that he abandoned Judaism and Christianity to found Islam, shows that he found that neither Judaism nor Christianity "He found that neither Judaism nor Christianity had the truth of God, and that they were both devilish groups that created devilish slaves. Those who "abandon Islam to seek other religions" are the second Muhammad, for Islam today is long gone from the time of Muhammad. After the death of Muhammad, Islam split into "Shi'ites and Sunnis", showing that neither Islam could solve the problem of its own split, nor could it make Muslims into Christians back in heaven. (4) After Christianity became the Roman state religion, Mary, the mother of Jesus, became sacred to the Catholic faith, and the position of Jesus, the Lord of the Church, was sidelined, and Christianity became a sect with two central figures. This is the reason why Muhammad did not choose Christianity as the religion of faith for the Arab nation. The division of Islam into "Shi'a and Sunni" after the death of Muhammad was the same situation as when the Christianity of Jesus became a "Roman Catholic religion", a manifestation of the obliteration of Muhammad's "infallible truth that makes man the Christ to heaven". "This is why the Islamic world uses the "crescent moon" as a symbol.
(5) "He who seeks a different religion from Islam" is a revolutionary in the religious world of Islam, a visionary elite who seeks a religion that will not be accepted by the blind-eyed minions of the devil's cave. The blinded minions of the cave will be buried with their millennia of blackmail, for they cannot overcome the Barrier of Knowledge to achieve a change of heart, a transformation, a leap from mortal to "son of God", they are the representatives of pedantry, of inactivity, of the dregs and rubbish abandoned by the times. They are the embodiment of the devil, the "Ibrahim", the dregs and rubbish of the times. (6) They are the dregs of a single religion that has been buried for a thousand years, and in this world they are the dregs of an age that has abandoned them because they have passed on "old laws" that are not in accordance with the divine order of God, and they have committed the mortal sin of "slandering God and harming the lives of people". He will be punished in the Fire on the Day of Resurrection. In the Hereafter, too, he will be at a disadvantage; he will become a foolish, ignorant, unscrupulous beast who does not understand the words of men. (7) All the animals in the world today are "people who do not understand human speech" in their past lives and are suffering retribution. (28th 16:00)

Chapter 3 of the Qur'an (86) is not "Allah does not guide the unrighteous people", but "the unrighteous people do not accept the guidance of Allah".
86. "How can Allah guide a people who show faith and testify to the truth of the Messenger, and who see the coming of a clear proof, and then show disbelief? Allah does not guide the unrighteous folk." (1) Learning one religion, discovering the common core teachings of other religions, and then expounding the classics of the five religions is a clear proof of the advent of the "All-knowing, All-powerful". To spend one's life in one religion and only "praise oneself and destroy others" is a sign that you have not understood one religion. If you understand one religion, you will be able to understand all religions, and you will find that there must be something in the rest of them that is the same as yours, and not all of them are wrong. (2) In Genesis 4, Adam and Eve had two brothers, "Cain and Abel", and the older brother "Cain" killed the younger brother "Abel" because "Cain took the produce of the earth as an offering to the Lord" and Abel "offered the fat of the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep as a sacrifice". How did God deal with the murderer "Cain"? "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be punished sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign on Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him." This is an indication that Yahweh (God) is rewarding and blessing those who follow the rules of Genesis (vegetarianism, no killing and eating meat). It also shows that those who kill the unrighteous who take "animal flesh for sacrifice" to Allah are righteous people who are protected by Allah.
(3) Both the Genesis and the Qur'an contain the verse "vegetarianism and the prohibition of killing and eating meat", and the selective eating of meat by Muslims for the sake of appetite is a misinterpretation of the verse and a sign of being misled by the devil's "Ibrahim". The "unrighteous people". (4) The fact that Biblical stories and characters are found throughout the Qur'an shows that Muslims must be well versed in the Bible. In the face of the "crucifixion" of Jesus by Judaism, Muslims are unable to find the reason for this and do not know what the "Christianity of Jesus" is, ignoring the "signs of Christ" in the Book of Revelation. They have ignored the "signs of Christ" in the Book of Revelation, and have gone so far as to list the Jewish prophets (Abraham and Moses), whom Jesus overthrew, and the Old Testament as "saints and classics of the Islamic faith", indicating that the "sinful obstacle of killing and eating meat" has made the Arabs' minds dizzy. The "sinfulness of killing and eating meat" has made the Arabs' minds dizzy and they have become minions of the devil's cave without knowing it. How many "righteous" people there are in the Islamic world can be imagined.
(5) Even the people under the light of the full moon, not to mention the "new moon", are "colour-blind" and can only see black and white, not the coloured world. The people who are illuminated by the "full moon" are "colour-blind". Such people are not abandoned by Allah, for they are like "little children who do not know what they are doing". How did Allah guide them? He allows them to encounter the "sunlight of the East", to adapt to it and to live in the world of light. Allah is the Great Compassionate One. (6) It is not that "Allah does not guide the unrighteous people", but rather that "Allah does not guide them", because they are accustomed to the light of the New Moon, and reject the Sun of the East with fear and jealousy, and oppose the Messenger of Allah. So it is not that "Allah does not guide the unrighteous people", but that "the unrighteous people do not accept Allah's guidance". And when they refuse Allah's rescue, they will be able to blame Allah in Hell for not saving them. (30 Dec. 08:10)

87. "The reward of such people is the rejection of Allah and the common curse of the gods and mankind;": (1) "Allah guides the unrighteous people" so that they may encounter "the sun of the East (1) "God leads the unrighteous people" to encounter the "sun of the East", and they, accustomed to the light of the "new moon", have had the spirituality of their souls wiped out and have revealed their "narrow, selfish demons", rejecting with fear and envy He rejected the "Sun of the East" with fear and jealousy, opposed the Messenger of God, and became an "unrighteous man" who died without listening to advice. (2) Not knowing that the Book of Revelation contains "the infallible truth that makes a man a Christ to heaven", and not listening to it even though you have been told. They don't know that it is a verse that says "vegetarianism is required and meat is forbidden", but they tell you and still don't listen. This is because they are accustomed to the light of the New Moon, which has wiped out the spirituality of their souls and revealed their "narrow, selfish, mean and cruel demons", rejecting the "Sun of the East" with fear and jealousy. "(3) The "unrighteous people" who do not listen to advice. (3) The "unrighteous people" who die in disobedience are the pure devils, the "Ibrahim". The reward of such people is the rejection of God and the common curse of God and man.

88. "They will be in the Fire forever, without remission or reprieve." (1) Accustomed to the light of the "new moon", the spirituality of the soul has been wiped out, revealing a "narrow, selfish, mean and cruel demonic nature", rejecting the "sun of the East" with fear and jealousy. "(2) The "unrighteous people" who do not listen to advice. (2) The "unrighteous" who die in disobedience are the pure devils, the "Ibrahim". They will live in the fiery prison forever, without remission or reprieve.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 28 December 2017 17:27 30 10:20 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









