The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Ox (35-46) A Chinese Account of the True Meaning of the Old Testament of the Bible
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (35-39) Similar descriptions to Genesis, Chapter 2
35. "And We said, "O Adham! You and your wife dwell together in Paradise! You two may eat all the rich food of the garden as you like, and you two must not come near this tree; otherwise, you will become unrighteous." (1) All human beings have the instinct to have children, and if they do not have children, they are not doing their duty to reproduce mankind, so Adham can live in paradise with his wife. After the birth of a child, one has to cultivate the golden elixir by practising the "inner breath" to become "a saint like God", to see the "gods of the heavens" as they are, and to return to God. This is the reason for the term "adhan". (2) Paradise is the great home of happiness, the great home where there is no bullying. If man kills animals and eats meat and eggs, he is bullying the weak and the world is not a "paradise" where animals live out their lives, but a slaughterhouse for humans. If humans do not eat meat and eggs, and let the animals deal with their own affairs in their own way, then this is the "paradise of living together". (3) Man is free to eat all the fruit or stems and leaves of the abundant plants in the garden for his food. Do not eat meat or eggs. (4) The "tree" is a metaphor for the "rules and commandments" laid down by God. "To go near this tree is to break the rules and commandments laid down by Allah. (5) To transgress the rules and commandments laid down by Allah is to become unrighteous. (6) That which is just and reasonable and should be done is called righteousness. (7) The word "We say" here is the word of Allah.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (36) "The devil" is the evil thought of man, and "the angel" is the right thought of man.
36. "Then the devil caused them both to sin over the tree, and he lured them both out of the Paradise in which they dwelt. I said, "Go on hating one another. There is a temporary dwelling place and enjoyment for you on the earth." : (1) When a man breaks the "rules and commandments" laid down by Allah, he becomes a "devil" who sins. A person who speaks or acts contrary to the rules and commandments laid down by Allah is a "devil" who sins. If a person is not sensible and is misled by a foreign source, he rashly commits an act that violates the rules and commandments laid down by Allah, and the devil makes them both sin for the sake of the tree. (2) "And they were tempted out of the Paradise in which they dwelt", and they were no longer allowed to "eat all the rich food of the Garden at will", but were left to their own devices, to increase their knowledge and experience, to strengthen their ability to overcome the "devil (3) "You hate one another. (3) "Go on hating one another" means that in this world "where there is love, there is hatred", and that love and hatred will change and will co-exist. Whoever transgresses the rules and commandments laid down by God will turn love into hatred. (4) "There is a temporary dwelling place and enjoyment for you on the earth", because man's life is finite and not immortal, and his body will come and go as it pleases. The "paradise of the rivers" above is eternal. Therefore, human beings should spend their limited lives in the service of the Divine Master and become "saints like God" during their lifetimes, so as to ensure that, after a hundred years, they reach the Paradise of the Rivers above Paradise and enjoy eternity. (5) If you do not become a "saint with God" in your lifetime, a "servant of worship", and do not see the true face of the "gods of heaven", you will not be able to reach the "paradise of the rivers" above Paradise. You will not be able to reach the "Paradise of the rivers" above the heavens and enjoy eternity, but will have to go to hell to serve your sentence. (6) The word "We say" here is a word from God.

(6) The word "I say" here is a word from Allah.
37. "Then the adhan received a few commandments from his Lord, and He forgave him. Indeed, the Lord is forgiving and merciful." (1) "Commandment" is a command. "A commandment is what Allah has forbidden, and a command is what Allah has ordered. Do what Allah tells you to do, and do not do what Allah forbids you to do, and this is the commandment. "This is the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of the Lord, and the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of Allah, and the commandment of Allah. "(2) Forgive, meaning to forgive. (2) Forgiveness means forgiveness, pardon. "And the Lord forgave him" means that Allah forgave and forgave Adham, because Adham was converted and became a good man who kept the "rules and commandments". (3) "Indeed, God is the Forgiving, the Merciful", and God is the Most Merciful in forgiving and forgiving those who change their ways.

The Qur'an, chapter 2 (38), goes on from "the goal of becoming Christ to the heavens", which is to abide by the guidance of God.
38. "And We said: Go down from here! If My guidance reaches you, then whoever abides by My guidance will have no fear and no sorrow in the future." (1) The word "I say" here is a word from Allah. (2) When you have received the True Qur'an and know its true meaning, go down to China from the True Qur'an! And when you see the "yellow cow" and learn the true meaning of the "adhan", you will become "saints with Allah" and will reach the "Paradise of the rivers" above Paradise. The Paradise of the rivers" above Paradise for eternity. (2) "Our guidance" is the true meaning of the Qur'an, which We have hidden in the Qur'an. The True Qur'an reveals the true meaning of the Qur'an, and the True Qur'an is My guidance, My guidance for you to learn the true meaning of the adhan. (3) If you follow My guidance and arrive in China, then you have complied with My guidance. If you meet the "yellow cow, the adhan" who compiled the Qur'an, and learn his teachings of the "righteousness of the inseparable", you will become "saints of God", and you will be able to "And when you have completed your mission, you will reach the Paradise of the rivers above the heavens and enjoy eternity.

(39) Those who do not want to become Christ are unbelievers and inhabitants of the Fire.
39. "Those who disbelieve and deny Our signs are the inhabitants of the Fire, and they will dwell therein forever." (1) "The righteousness of God" is for Muslims to position themselves in a "mother-son relationship" with God and then become "saints like God"; to become saints like Muhammad before they are born. The right way is for Muslims to position themselves in relation to Allah as "mother and son" and then become "saints with Allah"; saints like Muhammad. The "evil way of false gods" is to make Muslims position their relationship with God as "master and servant" and never become "saints like God", not to become saints like Muhammad at all. They are not allowed to become saints like Muhammad, and they are made to be slaves who will worship "five times a day" until the day they die. (2) Not believing in the "right way of God" is "disbelief". The Chinese compiled the True Explanation of the Qur'an, which, for the first time, identifies "the right way of God and the evil way of false lords", giving Muslims a clear definition of the "way" for the first time. "The man who "gave the names of these things" to the Muslims was an adhan of a new era. Those who do not believe in the true interpretation of the Qur'an as compiled by the Chinese are "Ibrahim" who "do not believe in the Way". (3) The signs of God are invisible and immutable, like radio signals, and are everywhere. "The signs of Allah are the air on which all things live, the ultimate vacuum, the source of all life, and the common mother of all gods and goddesses. Those who do not have this knowledge are "disbelievers and deniers of my signs", "Ibrahim", "disbelievers", misguided minions of the devil, and inhabitants of the Hell of Fire, in which they will live forever. They are the inhabitants of the Hell of Fire, and they will dwell therein forever.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (40-71) See how much you understand about the Book of Genesis
40. "O children of Israel! Remember the favours I have bestowed upon you, and fulfil your covenant to Me, and I will fulfil my covenant to you; and you shall fear Me alone." : (1) If you read the Bible and the Old Testament, you will know that the "children of Israel" are divided into two parts, the Judaism that was overthrown by Jesus and the Christianity of Jesus. If one does not know that the Old Testament is the doctrine of Judaism that was overthrown by Jesus, and still practices the Old Testament, one becomes the embodiment of Satan, the embodiment of "Ibrahim". (2) The Bible, the Old Testament and the New Testament show us the difference between Judaism, which promotes Satanism under the guise of Jehovah, and the Christianity of Jesus, so that we may know what is the devil's way, which promotes Satanism under the guise of Jehovah, and the true way, which makes people Christ, so that we may become "Christ, whose eyes are like fire, whose feet are like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has the rod of iron". "This is what God has "given us as a favour". If you do not understand the Bible's book of Genesis and Revelation, you do not know what Judaism and Jesus' Christianity are, which promote Satanism under the guise of Jehovah, and you cannot be "Christ, whose eyes are like fire, whose feet are like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has received a rod of iron", and you do not know what God "You will not know what God has given us and you will not be able to "remember what God has given us". (3) Muslims, if you want to know what God has "bestowed on us" and to "remember what God has bestowed on us", you have to read the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and the True Exposition of the Book of Genesis in the Middle Kingdom. (4) If you have not read the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and the True Exposition of the Book of Genesis in the Middle Kingdom, and you have come into contact with the Christianity of the Western world, you will not know what God's covenant is, and you will not be able to fulfil God's covenant to you, because the Christianity of the Western world is a devilish group dominated by Satan, the devil, and there is no correct law for Christians to become Christ. Christianity does not allow Christians to become Christ, but rather reduces them to "lambs" for "priests" to shepherd, in the same way that you are reduced to being "servants of God in devout worship". (5) You may not fear the Chinese, but you should fear God alone. Fear only the Qur'an, which We have asked the Chinese to compile, and obey its teachings.
(6) The Shi'a and Sufis also drew on some of the ideas of Christianity in order to deepen their study of the Qur'an, and this allowed Islam to be directly infiltrated by Jewish teachings, for the Shi'a and Sufis did not know what a devilish group Christianity was. It was not until the "end of the world" and the interpretation of the Bible, Genesis and Revelation, that there could not be a second Christ after Jesus.

It is the only core doctrine that God has sent down to man to make him a Christ and return to heaven, as stated in chapter 2 of the True Exposition of the Qur'an (41).
41. "And believe in what We have sent down to you, which confirms all your classics, and be not the first to disbelieve, and do not betray Our signs by cheapness, but fear Me alone." (1) Your Qur'an is only a framework, and no one has really revealed the true meaning of God, because it is not time for the Last Judgement. Believe in the True Explanation of the Qur'an, which We sent down to China, and the concept of "God and false lords", as revealed in the True Explanation of the Qur'an, will confirm your misunderstanding and misconceptions about all the texts. (2) Do not be the first to disbelieve in the Qur'an as compiled by the Chinese, but go and read the Qur'an before coming to any conclusions. (3) If you are the first to disbelieve in the Qur'an without having read it, you are "selling My signs at a cheap price", and you are not fearing Me. You should know what I will do to those of you who disobey Me.

(42) To prevent a Muslim from becoming a Christ is for the devil to "confuse truth with falsehood".
42. "Do not knowingly confuse the truth with falsehood and conceal the truth." (1) Did Allah make Muhammad found Islam in order to get your "devotional worship"? Is it possible to return to the Paradise of the rivers in Paradise without becoming a "holy man with Allah" by "worshipping" every day? (2) To preach the Qur'an and make Muslims "servants of God" like oneself, knowing that they are "servants of God" and have not become "saints with God", is to "worship God". "This is "knowingly confusing the truth with falsehood", "concealing the truth" by deceitfulness of heart and mind, and "Ibrahim" is misleading the public to It is the "Ibn al-Islam" who is misleading the public to hell.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (43), misinterprets these terms, and they are the devil's "Ibrahim".
43. "Keep your worship, complete your zakat, and bow with those who bow." (1) Allah is "the same God as Allah" in us, the same Self, the same Dharma, the same as the "gods of the heavens", our essence. Each of us in this life is a new individual who has descended to the world after the God of God has come down to earth, and the God of God in us is one of our three bodies in this life. (2) In this life, when we join our masters and close our senses, we "observe worship"; when we reach the stage where we can reveal the true nature of the devil, we can see Allah and become "saints like Allah". (3) "Keeping to worship" is a state of practice in which the senses are closed after sitting down, and the mind is stilled. Your regular daily kowtowing to God is not "keeping worship", but is a farce misled by "Ibrahim", and you are being tortured in a devil's den.
(4) "Zakat" is the lesson of becoming a "saint with God" and returning to heaven, the "right way" of becoming a "saint with God". This is the right way of becoming a saint with God. The "Unbreakable Law" of becoming a "saint like Allah" consists of three parts: the cultivation of life through "internal training", the cultivation of sex through words and deeds that reveal the true nature of the devil, and the cultivation of the "Five Rites and Eight Virtues". "The Five Rites and Eight Virtues" are used to cultivate the body. (5) The "non-dual correctness" of becoming a "saint like God" is learnt through the practice of the "Zakat". Practising daily the "unalloyed righteousness" of becoming a "saint like God" is "completing zakat". If one has not learnt the "right way" of becoming a "saint like Allah", one has not learnt the lesson of returning to Heaven and cannot "complete the Zakat". (6) When you become a disciple of the adhan, Allah recognises that you have a legitimate master and that you are an official Muslim. If your master is not an adhan who has been commanded by Allah to transmit the dharma, then you are not a Muslim recognised by Allah, and you will not have zakat, but only the earthly lesson of going to hell. (7) "Bow with those who bow" means to return the bow to those who are polite. Those who merely accept the bowing of those who bow, but do not bow in return, are lacking in the cultivation of their bodies, and such a person is an arrogant devil, the "Ibrahim".

The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (44), reveals the true nature of the devil's "Ibrahim" and is the true "exhortation to goodness".
44: "How do you, who read the Scriptures, persuade people to do good and forget yourselves? Do you not understand?" (1) The Qur'an is held up as a "reader of the Scriptures", but they do not know what it means to "observe worship and complete zakat". You do not know what "Allah and false lords" are, nor do you know what "true beauty and false ugliness" are, and you cannot persuade people to do good because you have forgotten that you are a half-educated person who is not qualified to "persuade people to do good". "You can only "persuade people to do evil" under the guise of "persuading people to do good". (2) Don't you understand? If you cannot honestly say yes to such a question, but pretend to understand it, you have become a lying devil, the "Ibrahim".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (44) "Hear but do not hear, see but do not see" means "perseverance and worship".
45. "And ask for blessings through patience and worship. Indeed, worship is a difficult thing, but it is not difficult for those who are respectful." (1) God is the immutable vacuum that does not come into being, does not increase or decrease, and is as immutable as it is. To "worship" God is to close one's sensory organs after sitting down, to enter a state of stillness in the mind, and to go to the ultimate vacuum to politely worship God, who has no form and reality, in a state of stillness. The "worship" of kowtowing to God, an idol, is a rash and reckless act of ignorance. (2) "Perseverance" means not being disturbed by external things, "hearing but not hearing, seeing but not seeing", that is, shutting down the sense organs and entering a state of practice in which the mind is still and the water is still; when delusional thoughts arise, they are extinguished in time. This is the training of the power of determination, and also the training of mental qualities. (3) Only after becoming a disciple of the adhan and knowing what "perseverance and worship" are can one "seek and receive blessings" under the teaching of correct thinking. Otherwise, if one is "stoic" and kowtows to the idols of Allah, not only will one not seek blessing or receive it, but one will be misled by the "Ibrahim" and become a servant of Allah's idols. (4) Because the adhan (4) Since the adhan does not always occur and the Qur'an does not precede the Last Judgement, it is difficult for Muslims to know what is meant by "perseverance and worship". Therefore, the true path of "becoming a saint with God" is not to be found. (5) After the Last Judgement and after becoming a disciple of the Athan through the True Explanation of the Qur'an, worship is just as difficult because, after you have closed your senses and entered the state of stillness, you will be disturbed by the devil and it will not be easy to extinguish your delusions. It is not easy to extinguish your delusions. (6) To worship God is not to worship the idols of God. It is not difficult to pay respect to the idols of God. "It is indeed a difficult task to "worship and pay homage" to the immutable vacuum of God, which does not come into being, does not increase or decrease, and is immovable.

(46) Christ, who reveals the true nature of the devil, Ibrahim, will surely see his Lord.
46. "They are sure that they will surely see their Lord and return to Him." (1) Without knowing what "God and false gods" are, and without knowing the true image of God, they go and "worship" the idols of God, thinking that by bowing down and worshipping steadfastly they are asking for blessing and will receive it, and that they are "sure that they will surely see God and will surely return to Him. Such people are misguided by the "Ibrahim" and have become minions of Allah's idols and irredeemable devils. (2) The prerequisite for "being sure that you will see God and return to Him" is not kowtowing to idols, but knowing what "God and false lords" are. No Muslim is aware of this, nor of the fact that Allah is within each of us and is one of our three bodies (the body of the law, the body of the reward, and the body of the incarnation). This is the result of their lack of blessings and their untimely birth.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 October 2017 11:22 11:05 pm Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









