The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (168-172) Zombies and the Gods of Heaven
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (168) The scum who are greedy for life and death are living zombies.
168. "They refuse to take part in the battle, but say to their fellow-religionists: Had they obeyed us, they would not have fallen in battle. You say: defend yourselves against death, if you are honest." (1) They refused to fight because they were scum who were afraid of death, devils who had no sense of justice and were obscure, the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim". (2) The incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim" said to the Muslims: If they had obeyed us and not gone into battle, or if they had deserted and surrendered, they would not have been killed in battle. Such people who speak and act in this way are in fact walking corpses whose souls are dead, living zombies! (3) It is better for you to defend yourselves against death, for although you have not died in battle, you have become living zombies. If you are honest you will know that you who refuse to take part in the battle are walking corpses whose souls are dead. (4) If you can say such things to them, vile and shameless devils, you are the Christ who has "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a rod of iron". If you cannot say such words to them, the vile devils, you are an accomplice of the devil, and you are a beast subdued by the devil.

(169) Those who died in the battle against the invading enemy were received by the Messenger of God into Paradise.
169: "And those who die in battle for the Lord, you must never think that they are dead; in fact, they are alive, and they enjoy sustenance in Allah." (1) Those who die in the face of the enemy in order to achieve justice, freedom and equality and national independence are "those who died for the Lord", and they are the ones who carry out their mission and fulfill it. (2) In fact, their spirits (the two eyes) are alive, and they enjoy sustenance in Allah, for they are the ones who fulfill their mission and accomplish it, and the moment their bodies die, their spirits (the two eyes) are received by the Messenger of Allah into Paradise and become heavenly beings.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (170) The warriors who died in battle, they represent the awe-inspiring righteousness that endures in the world.
170: "And they love Allah's reward for their bounty, and they love to remain on earth, and those of their fellow-religionists who have not yet caught up with them, and will have no fear in the future, nor will they be sorrowful." : (1) The warriors who defended their country and killed the enemy, after their bodies had died in battle, their spirits (both eyes) opened their eyes, after which they were astonished and delighted, for they were surprised to see images that were not found in the human world. The gods of heaven told them: "This is heaven, not the human world, because you are all gods who have come down to earth with the mission of defending the country and killing the enemy. (2) The favours that God bestowed on them were not found in the world, and they were rewarded for their short lives, which they deserved for their death-defying work. (3) They wanted to stay in Paradise and preferred to stay on earth, for they knew that they were still in an average state in life and had not yet caught up with those they knew as their compatriots, yet Allah had granted them such great favours that they all felt that Allah's favours were too great and their own contribution too small. (4) The warriors who died on the battlefield and completed their mission and returned to heaven became various heavenly deities in heaven. Depending on their wishes, some of them became gods after further training, while others were given the appropriate blessings to become rich and powerful people in the world. In short, all those who have died in the defence of their country have no fear or sorrow for their future, for they represent the righteousness that endures in the world.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (171) Allah does not make the believers who hold fast to the way of the Lord toil in vain
171. "And they love the reward and the bounty from Allah, and that He does not make the believers unprofitable." : (1) Their lives in the world are finite, and they like the rewards and favours that issue from Allah to be infinite, simply because they did not begrudge their lives during their lives and did share in the national tragedy, subdue the demons and die generously. (2) Those who had doubts about receiving Allah's rewards and bounties after death, but now know that Allah really does not make the believers who have kept to the path of the Lord toil in vain, love Allah with all their hearts.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (172) The warriors who die generously and the unsung heroes enjoy a great reward.
172. "They answered the call of Allah and His Messenger even after they had suffered wounds. And those of them who do good and are fearful enjoy a great reward." (1) After suffering the wounds of the enemy, they responded to the call of Allah and His Messenger, raised their weary bodies, gathered their courage again, and charged the enemy until the last drop of blood was shed, so that the Lord's way would eventually put an end to the evil rebellion and peace would be restored to the country. They did not disobey the call of Allah and His messenger and did not begrudge their lives. (2) After suffering the wounds of the enemy, they remained steadfast in the way of the Lord at the call of Allah and His Messenger, never violating discipline or claiming credit for their merits in killing the enemy, they were unsung heroes and uncrowned heroes in this life in silence, and they were people who truly did good deeds and were feared, and they were expected to enjoy a great reward in the Hereafter.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 5 June 2018 18:20 20:00 EDIT ENDED in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









