The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2: The Yellow Cow (194-195) Giving up his life for the Lord Way
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Holy Qur'an, Chapter 2 (194), is not subject to the prohibition of the forbidden month to fight the devil and to kill the "Ibrahim".
194. "The forbidden month repays the forbidden month, and whatsoever should be honoured is repaid to each other. And whoever trespasses against you, you may take revenge in the same way; and fear Allah, and know that Allah is with those who fear." (1) The months in which fighting is forbidden are: January, the month of Muharram محرم Muharram, which means "holy month", in which fighting is forbidden except in self-defence. August, the month of Sha'ban شعبان Sha'ban, which means "month of distribution", is the second holy month in which fighting is forbidden. November, the month of Dul Qa'dah ذو القعدة Dul Qa'dah, which means 'month of rest', is the third holy month in which fighting is forbidden. (2) Only Islam has a "forbidden month"; the devil's "Ibrahim" in the guise of God do not have a "forbidden month", and it is their nature to corrupt the righteousness of the law without restriction or pervasiveness. The devil's attacks on us in Islam are not restricted by the "forbidden month", they attack our Islamic teachings without restriction and without pervasiveness, and they are not restricted by the "forbidden month" when we fight and kill them. "This is "the forbidden month compensates for the forbidden month and the unforbidden month compensates for the unforbidden month".
(3) If there is a devil in Islam, "Ibrahim", then we can fight them and kill them whenever we want, but we are not bound by the "forbidden month" at all. If one cannot fight them and kill them in time because of the restriction of the "forbidden month", one is not "compensating one another" and is "disrespectful and negligent" towards them. (4) In the guise of God, the Jews have led Muslims to list their family of "Jewish prophet Abraham" (Ibrahim) as the "saints of the Islamic faith" alongside Jesus (Isa), who overthrew Judaism, and to regard the Jewish Old Testament, which was overthrown by the Christian New Testament, as the "saints of the Islamic faith". This is a manifestation of the aggression of the Jews against you, the Muslims, and you can certainly retaliate against them in the same way as the Jews.
(5) It is the fear of God to defend the glory of God from the devil's "Ibrahim" with words and deeds as if it were death, and it is the true fear of God to defend the glory of God from the devil's "Ibrahim" with the life given by God. "The true "fear of Allah" is to preserve the glory of Allah with the life given by Allah and not to be tarnished by the devil. (6) The fact that he did not become a "son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and did not have a yardstick to distinguish between "Christ and the devil" during his life shows that he did not have the "fear of God" and that he was a "muddler who follows the crowd". (7) Not knowing the devil "as a son of God with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" and not having a yardstick to distinguish between "Christ and the devil" shows a lack of "fear of God" and a failure to "follow the crowd" and a lack of shame to "be ashamed of God and feel shame".
(7) If you do not know the true nature of the devil, Ibrahim, and do not dare to reveal the true nature of the "imams" who have misinterpreted the Qur'an and are corrupting Islam from within, then you have no "fear of Allah". There is no "fear of Allah". It is only when one becomes a "son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" and has the power to reveal the true nature of the devil's "Ibrahim" that one is a "child of Allah" in the world. The true "fear of God". (8) Allah is with "the son of God who has eyes like a flame and a staff of iron", and "the son of God who has eyes like a flame and a staff of iron" is the pride of Allah. With "the son of God who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", everyone knows what Allah and His "infallible teachings and righteousness" are.
(9) Those who "pray to God and worship Him with devotion" are the very opposite of the Sons of God and are minions of the devil's cave who play with the Law of Works, but under the guise of God They are all devilish "Ibrahim" who "do not fear God, blaspheme Him and abuse Him". "Those who "pray to Allah and worship Him with devotion" are with the Ibrahim, and they are the sons and daughters of the Devil Ibrahim. They are the children of the devil, the "Ibrahim", and they will be the believers of all times, misinterpreting the scriptures and corrupting God's "infallible religion and righteousness" from within for all time. We cannot do without them.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (195) Jesus as a model of "giving to the Lord"
195: "And give to the Lord, and do not cast yourselves into destruction. And do good; indeed, God loves those who do good." (1) God is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the ultimate vacuum, and the Way of God is the "Law of Nothingness" which is the "Law of Nothingness" which is "the Law of Nothingness", the "Way of Nothingness" which is empty of all things and returns from existence to nothing. "The Way of the Undivided". "Praying to God and worshipping Him are man-made "laws of being", which are false, and are the opposite of God's "path of non-duality", which is empty of everything and returns to nothing. (2) You Muslims should first of all know that you are a Muslim. (2) You Muslims should first of all know what is the way of the Lord and the way of the devil. If you do not know the difference between the way of the Lord and the way of the devil, then you are a lackey of the devil, Ibrahim. An imam who does not know what is the way of the Lord and the way of the devil, and who cannot reveal the true nature of the Jewish devilish group, is a devilish "Ibrahim" who is corrupting Islam from within, and is a "scribe of hypocrisy and a blind leader", as Jesus rebuked him. (2) The "imam" is the devil "Ibrahim" who comes from within to corrupt Islam.
(3) Before "giving alms for the Lord", one must first know what "the Lord's way and the devil's way" are. If one does not know what "the Lord's way and the devil's way" are, then one will take the devil's devilish way of "Ibrahim" as God's "infallible way" and not know it. To promote God's path by exposing the devil's true nature is to "give alms for the Lord". To promote God's path by exposing the true nature of the Jewish devil's group is "giving to the Lord". To promote God's "Christianity" through the words and deeds of Jesus (`Ursa), who exposed the true nature of the Jewish devilish group, is to "give alms for the Lord". (4) Jesus is a model of "giving to the Lord". No religious person in any country has ever called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", or has ever given up their lives for righteousness, as Jesus did, or has ever given "alms for the Lord".
(5) If you do not know that Judaism is a devilish group overthrown by the Christianity of Jesus, you will not be able to "give to the Lord", but you will have to throw yourselves into destruction because your "imams" are "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders". You are the minions of the devil "Ibrahim" in his cave. (6) Not knowing that Judaism is a devilish group overthrown by the Christianity of Jesus, your "outlook on life and values" are "inverted" and you do not know what "good" is. You will mistake "evil" for "good", and you will only "do evil" under the guise of "doing good".
(7) To promote God's "infallible way" with words and deeds that break the true face of the Jewish devilish group is a way for the "Son of God" to save the lives of people and make them become Christ and never be reincarnated, not only by "doing good" but also by doing "good". "He is not only doing good, but also doing "the greatest good in the world". Allah does love those who do good, and most of all those who do the "greatest good in the world".

Posted by Li Huaiju on 30 November 2017 15:10 17:30 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2: The Yellow Cow (Baqarah) (191-193) Killing of the Devil "Ibrahim" who "slandered God"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (191) Killing the devil "Ibrahim" who "slandered God"
191: "And kill them where you find them, and expel them from the land as they expelled you before, and persecution is more cruel than killing. And do not fight them near the forbidden temple until they attack you there; and if they attack you, then you shall kill them. Such is the reward of unbelievers." (1) Jesus is listed alongside the family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus rebuked, as the "saints of the Islamic faith", and the Jewish Old Testament, which was overthrown by the Christian New Testament, as The "classics of the Islamic faith"; instead of making Muslims "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", they are made "servants of God in devotion". The "imam" who misinterprets the scriptures and makes Muslims eat meat and commits "bloodshed"; Muslims and "imams" who corrupt the core teachings of Islam by such words and actions are not only "They are the "attackers of your Muslims" and they are the devils who are corrupting the core teachings of Islam from within. They are the devils who have come from within to corrupt the core teachings of Islam, the "Ibrahim", who have committed the mortal sin of "slandering Allah and harming the lives of people". Therefore, kill them where you find them, and expel them from the land as they expelled you from it, for their persecution of Muslims, both physically and mentally, by their devilish words and deeds is more cruel than killing, "killing without blood", and destroying the souls of the entire Arab nation with the "invisible sword". "They have imposed on the Arab nation an inverted "outlook on life and values".
(2) "Do not fight them near the forbidden temple" is a "test" of Allah's wisdom, which shows that you have been misled by the "Ibrahim" and thus misinterpreted "This is a test of your wisdom. (3) The "forbidden temple" is a place where Islam preaches the "infallible law of making Muslims into Christ" and where the devil is exposed for what he is while preaching how to make Muslims into Christ. A Muslim who is "vegetarian and does not eat meat" becomes a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and this is the "forbidden temple". (4) It is only by becoming "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" that one can find out who are the "attackers of you" in the "forbidden temple"; it is only by becoming "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" that one can find out who are the "attackers of you". "Only by becoming "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" can you become "those who resist your attacks for the Lord". Do you understand, brother Muslims?
(5) The verse "Do not fight them near the forbidden temple until they attack you there" is a "test" of God's wisdom, a "refrain". It is a deliberate attempt to "confuse right with wrong" and to see which of you Muslims can see it. Whoever can see that this is a "counter-word" of God's test for Muslims is the "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" and a glorious "forbidden temple". Whoever does not see the "antiphon" and follows the original text means that his "imam" is a "blind leader" and that he himself is a devil's minion in a devil's cave who puts on a farce. (6) Located in the city of Mecca, Saudi Arabia. (6) The site of the Khel Bai's house of worship in the heart of the Saudi Arabian city of Mecca, where Muslims all over the world worship, is not only not a "forbidden temple", but also a devil's cave where the devil "Ibrahim" plays with his minions. Muslims who are "vegetarians and do not eat meat" have become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", and such Muslims are the unique "forbidden temple". The "forbidden temple" is the place where the true face of the "Son of God" is shown, the place where God's unique teaching is demonstrated.
(7) A Muslim who becomes a Christian can be found anywhere and everywhere, and there is no specific place, nor is there a specific place for the "forbidden temple", which is everywhere. "Fight them near the forbidden temples, which are everywhere, until they dare not attack you there". Do you hear the command of Allah, "Children of Allah", when He gives you another command? You are to fight for the honour of Allah. Be like Jesus who generously and gloriously gave up his life for righteousness and became the Christ who returned to heaven. (8) All the angels (children of Allah) in Paradise are able to kill the devil; there are no angels in Paradise who cannot kill the devil. The wise and righteous Muslims are all angels of Paradise (children of Allah) who, having realised Allah's "infallible law", know what the devil "Ibrahim" is that corrupts Islam from within and expose the "Imams' group The "Imams' group" is a group of devils in the guise of Allah, and this reveals the true nature of the angels (sons of God and children of Allah). If they, the "Imamate" (devilish group), attack you, you should kill them. Killing the "imams" who come from within to corrupt Islam under the guise of Allah is the killing of the devils by the angels of Paradise (the children of Allah) by the command of Allah.
(9) The family of Jesus (Ursa) and the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus rebuked, are considered to be the "saints of the Islamic faith", and the Jewish Old Testament, which was overthrown by the Christian New Testament, is considered to be Those who promote such ideas are "Jews" in the guise of God, "those who attack you" from within, and they are the devil "Ibrahim". They are all disbelievers, and their reward is to be "slain". (10) Instead of Muslims becoming "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", they are made to become "servants of God in worship"; the "imams" misinterpret the scriptures and make Muslims eat meat and commit "mutilation". Those who promote such ideas are "Judaizers" in the guise of God, "attackers of you" who come from within to corrupt the Word of God. "They are all disbelievers, and their reward is to be "killed".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (192) corrects the wrong, that is, "stop fighting", and is saved from being killed.
192: "And if they cease from war, then indeed, Allah is Forgiving, Merciful." (1) The family of the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus rebuked, is ranked alongside the "saints of the Islamic faith", and the Jewish Old Testament, which was overthrown by the Christian New Testament, is regarded as "Those who think in this way realise that they were under the devil's spell in the past and have now corrected their mistakes, that is, "stop attacking you", that is, "they have stopped fighting ". As long as they truly correct their mistakes and do not repeat them, they are transformed from devils to normal people, so do not kill them, for they are also deceived people. (2) Instead of allowing Muslims to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", Muslims are made to become "servants of God in worship"; the "imams" misinterpret the scriptures and make Muslims eat meat and commit "mutilation". The "imam" misinterprets the scriptures and makes Muslims eat meat to commit "bloodshed"; those who think this way, who realise that they were under the devil's spell in the past and have now corrected their mistake in time, are "stopping the attack on you", and "they are stopping the war ". As long as they truly correct their mistakes and do not repeat them, they are transformed from devils to normal people, so do not kill them, for they are also deceived.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (193): "Resist the persecution of the "Judaizers" and achieve national liberation.
193: "Resist them until the persecution is removed, and religion is for God alone; and if they cease to fight, then you shall not violate anyone except the unrighteous." (1) The family of Jesus (Ursa) and the Jewish prophet "Abraham" (Ibrahim), whom Jesus rebuked, are ranked as "saints of the Islamic faith", and the Jewish Old Testament, which was overthrown by the Christian New Testament, is regarded as "This is a sign that the Judaizers are persecuting Muslims from within under the guise of Allah. (2) The fact that Muslims are not allowed to become "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", but are instead made "servants of Allah in devotion", is a sign that the Jews are persecuting Muslims from within under the guise of Allah. (3) The "imams" misinterpret the scriptures and make Muslims eat meat and commit "bloodshed", a sign that the Jews are persecuting Muslims from within under the guise of Allah.
(4) When you have heard in the Forbidden Temple the "infallible law of God" and become "sons of God whose eyes are like fire and who have been given a rod of iron", then you (sons of God, children of God) should uphold the glory of God and resist Him. You (sons and daughters of God) should defend the glory of God and resist the demonic groups until they make a "truce" and eliminate the persecution of Muslims. (5) Religion is a special "ship of return" for God's children to restore them to their original identity as "sons of God", and not a factory for the production of devilish minions who can only "pray and worship". It is not a factory for the production of minions who only "pray and worship". However, in the name of God, the devil, Ibrahim, has compelled the unintelligent to become persecuted minions on his "pirate ship" and to work against God, a situation that has existed for ages and will not disappear. The devil, "Ibrahim", will come back with a new face, for without them Christ cannot be fulfilled.
(6) Imams who preach without understanding the Bible and the Qur'an are devilish "Ibrahim", so let them study the Chinese interpretation of the True Explanation of the Qur'an to correct their mistakes, and they will see clearly that "Judaism is a devilish They will no longer regard the Old Testament as a "classic of the Islamic faith" or the "Prophet of Judaism" as a "holy man of the Islamic faith". "It is no longer about being a "servant of God", but about being "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". "This is "their truce" and they have become captives of the Islamic religious revolution. In order to prevent them from "relapsing into their old ways", they were never allowed to take up the post of "imam". Some of the devil's "ibs" who "returned to their old ways" became "iniquitous" if they continued to fight against the religious revolution and did not accept the leniency of the "Last Judgement". If they continue to fight against the religious revolution and do not accept the leniency of the "Last Judgment" and become "unrighteous", they will be killed.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 30 November 2017 10:00 15:05 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











