The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1, The Yellow Cow (18-25) Allah’s(God's) "Commandment to not Kill"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (18) The True Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom reached the Islamic world
18. "(They) are deaf, dumb and blind, so they are obsessed." : (1) The True Exposition of the Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom overturned the teachings of the entire Islamic world and subverted the Muslims' perception of the Qur'an. Those who pretend not to hear the reminders and warnings of the Qur'an, and who still cling to their heritage, are deaf because they have not received the true teachings of their wise teachers, and all they hear is the magic that makes them lose their wisdom and become "servants of Allah in worship". (2) They do not know what "God and false gods, saints and demons" are, and they do not use "God" to break the words and deeds of "false gods". Muslims who have only "Allah" in their eyes, who are full of "Allah" and who worship Allah with devotion, although they can speak, are in fact mute, for they do not have the "two-edged sword" of Christ (the Son of God), nor do they know what Christ (the Son of God) is. They do not know what the "two-edged sword" of Christ (the Son of God) is. (3) Those who only read the Qur'an literally, who do not understand its meaning, who do not dare to choose between verses, who do not know which are "test questions, refrains, ellipses and metaphors", and who can only "interpret the words according to the text", are blind. If such a person becomes a lecturer and leader of the Muslims, then Jesus said, "Woe to the blind leader, the blind leader". (4) Those who have not become "Christ with eyes like a flame of fire", who do not know the Scriptures, who cannot break the words and deeds of "false lords and demons" and who do not listen to subversive warnings, are obsessed because they are the embodiment of the devil "Iblis". (5) "They are obsessed because they are the incarnation of the devil, Iblis. (5) The reason for "their obstinacy" is that the time of the Last Judgement has not yet come and that there is no sage who has revealed the true meaning of the Qur'an.

(19) Those who do not believe that the Last Judgement has begun are disbelievers, and they are the devils, the "Ibrahim".
19. "Or if it rains heavily, and there is darkness in the rain, and there is thunder and lightning, and they fear death, so they put their fingers in their ears to avoid the thunder. Allah is well known to the disbelievers." : (1) Without the "pouring rain", the millennium-old dust of Islam will not be washed away, and Islam, which has been silent for a thousand years, will not be brought to life. If a Muslim is "caught in a downpour" and is drenched to the bone, he must have encountered the True Explanation of the Qur'an as expounded by the Middle Kingdom (yellow cow). (2) If the Islamic world does not "get caught in a downpour", it means that the "Last Judgement" has not come. If it is raining heavily in the Islamic world, it means that the Last Judgment has come. (3) Before the "Last Judgement" came, there was darkness in the rain, and only the sight of Muslims as "servants of Allah in worship", and no one knew that Islam teaches that Muslims should be "united with Allah No one knows that Islam teaches that Muslims are "saints with Allah". After the "Last Judgement", the darkness of the rain is washed away by the waters of wisdom of the Qur'an. (4) The Muslims who read the Qur'an were not only drenched by the rain, but they also heard loud thunder and bright lightning. (5) However, the Muslims were not awakened by the loud thunder of the Qur'an, and "for fear of death, they put their fingers in their ears to avoid the thunder", indicating that they had become accustomed to being "servants of God in worship" and did not want to be "This means that they have been brainwashed by the devil, Ibrahim, and have lost their wisdom and humanity, and have become the embodiment of the devil, Ibrahim. (6) Allah is aware of the manifestations of those who do not believe in the truth and are happy to believe in the devil's path as if it were the truth. This is where Allah is "Most Merciful".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (20) "The Last Judgement" sweeping the world's religious communities
20. "And the lightning almost took away their sight, and whenever it shone for them, they advanced in it; and when it was dark, they stood still. And if Allah wills, He will take away their hearing and their sight. Indeed, Allah is All-Powerful over all things." : (1) The white lightning in nature is "electric light", a white light that cuts through the darkness with great energy. The "lightning" mentioned here is not the white lightning of nature, but the "White Sun Buddhism of the unity of the three religions and the unity of the five religions". After the end of the Red Sun World and the official opening of the White Sun World on 21 December 2012, a Chinese man who had interpreted the classics of Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism discovered that the essence of all five religions was the same Tao of the Return of Heaven, which he created to make man "a saint like God". He created the "Baiyang Buddhism", a "unity of the three religions and the five religions as one". This Chinese man interpreted the Qur'an and compiled the True Exposition of the Qur'an, which turned the whole Islamic world's perceptions upside down. The Muslims who received it opened it and saw the light, because they found that their words and actions were the opposite of the Qur'an, which was meant for Muslims to become "holy men like God", whereas The Muslims find themselves in the darkness of a devil's cave as the light of the Qur'an almost takes away their vision. (2) The Muslims who are wise, who have overcome "selfishness and narrow-mindedness and the barriers of knowledge", and who are determined to make progress, whenever they go to read the Holy Qur'an, that is when "the light shines for them". (3) By accepting the exposition of the Qur'an, the elite of the Muslims are moving forward in the light of electricity, and the "candidates of the saints who are not different from God" are moving forward in the light of electricity.
(4) Having heard the True Qur'an from the Middle Kingdom, we know that the "end of the world" is 21 December 2012 and that the True Qur'an is the sign of the "Last Judgement". The Qur'an is meant to make people "saints with God", which is the "infallible law of God" for Muslims. The moment someone makes a Muslim a "servant of God", it will be a "time of darkness" and they will stand sober and will not worship again, because The Muslims have awakened to the fact that it is not the will of God to "accept worship" and that it is the will of God that Muslims should become "saints with God". (5) "To deprive" chǐ duó means to deprive in accordance with the law; original meaning: to take away clothing. To "deprive them of hearing and sight" is to reverse the previous knowledge of the Qur'an. If God had wanted a wise and righteous Muslim to escape from the cave and stop being a "servant of God" and become a "holy man with God", He would have shown him the True Explanation of the Qur'an, which was compiled by the religion of the Middle Heaven, reversing his previous knowledge of the Qur'an. (6) "God is a servant to all. (6) "Indeed, Allah is all-powerful in all things", and is also all-powerful and sure of victory in this religious revolution in the Islamic world, which the Qur'an has sparked.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (21) "God" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to all things
21. "O people! Your Lord, who created you and those before you, worship Him, so that you may fear." (1) "Your Lord" is the invisible and invisible vacuum, the air on which we live, which first existed before the beginning of time, which is the source of life, which is the common mother of all gods and goddesses, and which certainly "created you and those who came before you". Thus, we are not "servants of God" at all, but "children of God". The positioning of us as "servants of God" is a test of God's wisdom, and a demonic heresy of the devil to mislead us to hell.
(2) "Your Lord" is the Sovereign of the universe, and in order to bring the sentient beings of the world back to heaven, Allah has set up different religions in different countries of the world, and Allah has different names for them. The essence of all religions is the same: to be a "saint with God", but all the words are different. If you have a misunderstanding of the word "Allah" and are a "devout servant of Allah", you will not have the knowledge that the five religions are one. (3) "And worship Him" means that you Muslims should worship God and become "saints with God" during your lifetime, so that you can return to God at a moment's notice and become His spokesman for the return of man to heaven. If you become a "servant of God", you are a slave to God and have not become a "saint with God", and cannot return to God at a moment's notice, nor can you become a spokesman for God to bring people back to Heaven. This is not the true worship of God, but a misguided enslavement to Him. This is not true worship of Allah, because one has been enslaved by Allah. To become a "saint like Allah", to be able to return to Allah at a moment's notice, and to be the spokesman of Allah for the return of people to heaven, is to become a true "servant of the people, a child of Allah, sent to earth by Allah".
(4) To worship Allah and become a "servant of Allah in worship", but not a "saint like Allah", means that you do not truly "fear" Allah. It is only when you have accepted God's teachings and practised the Qur'an, and then felt fear because you have not become a "saint like God", that you have truly "feared" God. This is the true "fear of God" when one is afraid because one has not become a "saint like God", when one examines one's misconceptions, when one wants to obtain the true meaning of the Qur'an, and when one is dissatisfied with the existing Islam and wants to overthrow it. (5) Worshiping Allah and becoming a "servant of Allah in worship" is not the "fear" of Allah, it is the fear of Allah. (6) "Fear" is not love and fear, but love followed by clinging. (7) Our Lord, who created us and those who came before us, let us worship Allah so that, after we have loved Him, we may be taught by Him and cling to Him. (8) One cannot cling to Allah without becoming a "holy person with Allah". The worshippers of Allah, who have become "servants of Allah in worship", can only stand on the side of Allah to a limited extent, but they cannot cling to Him at all, because they are not "children of Allah".

This is a clear statement by God that "vegetarianism is forbidden and meat is forbidden". It is a commandment from Allah.
22: "And He has made the earth your seat and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and through it has come much fruit for your sustenance, so do not knowingly set up rivals for Allah." (1) Allah has made the earth the seat of the people to carry all things. And the black and white of the sky is a different tent for the people, to divide the light and the obscure. (2) From the clouds, rain is sent down to nourish the earth, so that it may grow plants, and the various plants may produce much fruit, which is necessary for the sustenance of life. (3) This is a clear command from Allah to "eat vegetation (grains, vegetables and fruits) and not to eat meat". It is a commandment from Allah to stop killing. (4) Your Lord, who created you and those before you, also created animals as friends of mankind, and if mankind does not treat them as friends and slaughters them wantonly, he is "knowingly making an enemy of Allah". (5) Animals are not man-made and man does not have the right to take their lives. Animals are born of God, and God does not mutilate them. If humans kill animals, the animals will have a grievance and will demand revenge after death. In the eyes of Allah, animals and humans have the same life, and if humans bully them, they should pay with their lives. (6) A person who eats meat cannot become a "saint with God" because of his karmic debt, and he will be sent to hell. There are birds that live on eggs, so eating eggs is also cruelty to life. Therefore, it is a commandment for practitioners not to kill (not to eat meat or eggs).

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (23) "A classic for My servants" is a "refrain" from God and a "test" for Muslims.
23. "And if you doubt the Scripture which We have sent down to Our servants, then try to prepare a chapter and pray for your testimony in the presence of Allah, if you are truthful." : (1) "The Book which We have sent down to Our servants" is the Qur'an, which Muhammad compiled. The description of Muhammad as a "servant" of God is a "test" given by God to Muslims, which is a continuation of the Old Testament, because Islam was born in the region of Christianity, and many Muslims have been exposed to the teachings of Christianity, and some are familiar with it. Some are familiar with it. (2) However, Judaism, which practised the Old Testament, was overthrown by Jesus, who overthrew Judaism and gave birth to the New Testament, and Jesus called God "My Father", not "Servant", so that in Christianity the relationship between Christ and God is The relationship between Christ and God in Christianity is therefore one of "Father and Son", not "Master and Servant". Christ means "the Son of God", not "the servant of God". Christianity teaches that Christians are to be the sons of God, not the servants of God. (3) The God of Christianity is the God of Islam. Muhammad is the Christ like Jesus, so to speak of Muhammad as a "servant" of God is not the original meaning of God, it is a "test" given to Muslims by God. If a Muslim reads this verse and hastily identifies Muhammad as a "servant of God", he is not wise enough to understand the religious situation of Muhammad's time, nor does he have the wisdom to understand the essence of Christianity, nor does he have the wisdom to distinguish between true and false Christianity. (4) Let us look ahead again, "O people! Your Lord created you and those who came before you". Since God created us as human beings and is our parent, we are all "children of God" and not "servants of God". The fact that Muslims believe this when they see Muhammad referred to here as a "servant" of Allah shows that you are all blind and handicapped, and that you have not understood the meaning of the previous question and have hastily assumed that you are "servants of Allah" according to this "test". "(5) If you doubt the words of the Qur'an, then you are all blind and disabled.
(5) And if you doubt that the Qur'an is not a book sent down from God, then try to compose a chapter, and you will not be able to write, for no one can write without the inspiration of God, and if you are honest, your minds will be blank. And if you are not honest, you will write in a jumble, without any rules, and you will not be able to write the truth, but will write nonsense that will make people foolish. (6) The book that makes one a "saint with God" was not written after the prayer, but after receiving the command to write it. (7) The same applies to the exposition of the Qur'an, for if God had not revealed the meaning of the Qur'an, it would not have been truly expounded, nor would it have been written.

Chapter 2 of the True Exposition of the Qur'an (24) is a misinterpretation of the Qur'an, and those who become "servants of God in worship" go to the Fire
24. "And if you cannot do it - and you must not do it - then guard yourselves against the Fire, which is fueled by men and stones, and is prepared for the disbelievers." (1) Muslims, you have defined your relationship with Allah as "master and servant" and not as "father and son and mother and son", and you have come into contact with the True Exposition of the Qur'an in the Middle Kingdom, and you have found that you have done wrong, but you have not been able to correct it, and if you cannot be If you cannot be "children of God" but only "servants of God", then you have lost your God-given humanity and have revealed the devil's demonic nature. (2) If, in the face of the True Explanation of the Qur'an of the religion of the Middle Kingdom, you persist in your millennium-old falsehood that you can never be "children of God" but only "servants of God", you have failed God's advice and deviated from the original meaning of the Qur'an, and none of you have become "children of God" or "servants of God". If you are "servants of Allah", then you are not only protected from the Fire, but you will go to the Fire. (3) Because there is a God and a devil, a day and a night, there are two kinds of paths: the true path, the right path, which makes one a "holy man with God", and the false path, the devil's path, which makes one a "servant of God". The word "disbelief" here means that if you do not believe in the true and righteous way of the saints, you will not only be protected from the Fire, but will go to the Fire. If you do not believe in the true and righteous path of the Holy One, but believe in the false and devilish path that makes one a servant of Allah, you will not only be protected from the Fire, but will go to the Fire.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (25) "The Paradise of the rivers" is the "river of the water of life" in the Book of Revelation
25. "And rejoice in those who believe and do good works; they will enjoy many paradises down to the rivers, and whenever they are fed with one of the fruits of the garden, they will say, "This is what we were given before." In fact, what they were given was similar. They will enjoy a pure spouse in Paradise, and they will dwell in it forever." (1) The promotion of the truth and the righteousness of the path that makes one "a saint like God" and brings Muslims down to the paradise of the rivers is a good deed. (2) To promote the false and devilish path that makes one a "servant of Allah" and sends Muslims to the Fire is to do evil. (2) He who believes in the true and righteous path of the saints of Allah, and promotes the true and righteous path of the saints of Allah, so that they may become saints of Allah, is a person who believes and does good. Such a person is one who believes and does good deeds. Let us rejoice in such people; they will go down to the Paradise of the rivers, where Allah has placed them, and they will enjoy many pleasures. (3) Whenever they are fed with one of the fruits of the garden, they know that "every fruit of the garden" is the fruit of the truth and the righteousness of the path that they have taught during their lifetime to make people "saints with God", and that they have made Muslims "saints with God" during their lifetime. They are the fruits of the reward of Allah for making Muslims "saints with Allah". (4) The fruits of Paradise "in the Paradise of the rivers" are similar to the fruits of promoting the righteousness of the path of truth and righteousness that makes a person a "saint with Allah" during his lifetime, and are causal. It is only when one has achieved the righteousness of the path that makes one a "saint with God" that one can enjoy the fruits of the Paradise of the rivers in Paradise.
(5) The "pure spouses" in the paradise of the rivers of Paradise are the result of practising the truth that makes a person a "holy person with Allah". If a Muslim does not practise the truth that makes him a saint like God, he will not have a pure spouse and will not reach the Paradise of the Rivers. (6) Allah sent down an angel called the "Lord of the Earth" to become the "soul" of an Arab who was Muhammad. This man, Muhammad (soul), was guided by the angel (soul), raised to the level of a "holy man like Allah" and reached the level of an angel (soul). The Prophet, who was a member of the Muslim community, left behind the Qur'an and returned to God after completing his mission. The angels, called the "males", and Muhammad are the "pure spouses". The angels are invisible to ordinary people and are divine beings like God, which are feminine; Muhammad is an active and aggressive man of the world, which is masculine. (7) Not only Muhammad, but any of us are in the same situation as Muhammad. Our souls are all "angels" (souls, genii, self-nature, dharma) from the side of God, who come into the world as a new individual with a soul (the body, the consciousness), which, under the guidance of the soul, practices the truth that makes one "a saint like God The soul is guided by the soul to practise the true path that makes one a "saint like God", to become a "saint like God", to reach the state of an "angel", to know which "angel" he is when he sees an "angel", and to know which "angel" he is in heaven. If he does not fall away during his lifetime, he will be able to return to God after completing his mission, and will be able to live in the paradise of the rivers of the Imjin, where he will live forever.
(8) Revelation 22:1 "And the angel showed me a river of water of life in the midst of the streets of the city, bright as crystal, flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb", "the paradise of the rivers" is "the river of water of life". The "Paradise of the rivers" is the "river of the water of life". Muslims, if you do not find the Lamb, you will not know where the true Paradise of the Rivers is, nor will you be able to reach it.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 25 Sep 2017 18:15pm 5 Oct 11:22 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









