The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (198-200) The verses have many literary devices
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (198) Jesus is the one who truly fears his Lord
198. "But those who fear their Lord enjoy the Paradise which is below the rivers, and dwell therein forever. This is the hospitality that comes from Allah. And the grace that is in Allah is more beneficial for the righteous." (1) The phrase "those who fear their Lord, but enjoy the paradise of the lower rivers" is an "omission", which omits the condition of actually reaching Paradise. If you are not wise and simply take the text literally, not knowing what has been omitted, you will directly misunderstand the meaning of the verse, and you will be tested by Allah's "word-barrier," and you will become "a fearful man of the Lord, a trembling slave of the devil's cave (2) The Imam makes the Muslims into a group of Muslims. (2) The imams make Muslims into "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing bowers" who only "worship piously", and in this way they create "God-fearing people" who "None of them have become the Christ (the Son of God) like Jesus, and therefore all Muslims cannot enjoy the paradise of the rivers below like Jesus, but have to go to the fire. Because imams have made tens of thousands of Muslims criminals in the Fire, they are all guilty of slandering God and harming the lives of others.
(3) No one who has not become a Christ like Jesus is a true "God-fearing person". The true "fear of God" is a Christ who is willing to die and will attack the demons who slander God. (4) Those who "revolve and pay homage to Allah", those who "revolve and pay homage to Allah", and those who bow down, are in fact the imams and the demons, for Allah is the Creator, the old mother, and does not allow her children to fear her and give her "homage" every day. "Therefore, it is not in the nature of Allah that Muslims should be "swirlers of salutations, pious dwellers and bowers of the head" for "pious worship".
(5) It is only natural that Christ, who is a man of death, should receive hospitality from God for attacking the demons who slander Him and keeping His way free from them. (6) A Muslim who has not become a Christ of death, who has not attacked the demons of slander, who does not know what the demons of slander are, and who has not maintained the glory of the Word of God, and who is a misguided imam who is a "whirling salutatorian, a pious abbot, and a bowing bower", will certainly not receive the hospitality from God. (7) To rebuke the Jewish ayat.
(7) The words and actions of Jesus, who called the Jewish imams "blind guides", are the teachings of Christ, which are beneficial to man, and Jesus is not only a righteous man, but a righteous man who gave up his life for righteousness. (8) Jesus is a model of the "righteous" whom God has created in the world, a model of the true "fearers of God", and a model of the hospitality and grace that can be received from God.

(199) There is no such thing as a "believing imam", a wise person who truly "believes in God".
199. "Indeed, there are those who believe in Allah, and believe in what you have received, and in what they have received; and they are the worshippers of Allah, and they do not exchange the signs of Allah for a small price, and such will enjoy their reward with their Lord. Indeed, Allah clears the reckoning of God." (1) The majority of those who believe in the Scripture take "faith in the Imam" for "faith in Allah" without knowing it. (2) Most of those who believe in the Scripture take "faith in the Imam" to be "faith in Allah" without knowing it, and they become "swirlers of salutations, devotees and bowers" in "devotional worship". Such people are confused and unaware of their "faith in Allah" and are fearful minions of the devil's cave. (2) There are indeed people who have the wisdom to read and understand the Scriptures, who have the wisdom to see through the imam's compulsions and not to "believe in the imam", but to "believe in Allah". They are the messengers with a mission. (3) At first, they believed in what you Muslims had received from the Imams, but later they went to the Scriptures and found that the Imams' explanations were wrong and very different from what they had received, but because they were ordinary people without status or authority, their opinions were not acceptable to the majority of Muslims. The majority of Muslims only accept the teachings of the imams, and even if the imams misinterpret the scriptures they are believed by the Muslims respectfully.
(4) They know that Jesus' overthrow of Judaism is the only way of God's unmistakable Lord (to become the incarnation of Christ), and they worship Jesus by rebuking Judaism, becoming the present Christ who practises the incarnation of Jesus, and they are certainly the messengers of God. They do not exchange their knowledge of the Signs of God for money or position, but they keep the Word of God in silence, and such people will enjoy their reward with their Lord. (5) Indeed, the punishment of Allah for clearing the devil is divine. Allah liquidates the demons of the Imams and makes their punishment visible to the Muslims.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (200) "Perseverance, struggle and abstinence" are the three treasures of Allah, and whoever has them is the Christ.
200. "O you who believe! Be steadfast, strive, be vigilant, and fear Allah, so that you may succeed." : (1) O you who believe in Allah's unfailing Word! Be patient when you are faced with poverty and temptation, strive when you are lonely and lost, and be vigilant when you have power and fame, for the devil, 'Ibrahim', is everywhere and pervasive, and wherever you are lax, the devil will appear. Therefore, "perseverance, struggle, and vigilance" are the three assets that God has given to Christ in order to be invincible. (2) If a Muslim possesses the three treasures of "perseverance, struggle and abstinence", he will have achieved the "fear of Allah" and will be the present Christ, and will have success, and will be able to fulfil his mission and enter Paradise and achieve eternal life.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 9 June 2018 09:49 11:53 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









