The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (149-150) The place where a Muslim becomes a Christ is the forbidden temple
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2 (149) The place where a Muslim becomes a Christ is the forbidden temple
149: "Wherever you go out from there, turn your faces towards the forbidden temple; indeed, this is the truth from your Lord. Allah will never overlook your deeds." (1) The Forbidden Mosque is not a particular place in the world, but a place where Muslims are taught how to become "children of Allah" (Christ), where the "infallible truth" of Allah is taught, and where the only way to pass on Islam is to be a "child of Allah" (Christ). It is a place where the "infallible truths" of Allah are spoken, and where the only core teachings of Islam are transmitted. (2) A place where Muslims can become "servants of God" and not only is it not a "forbidden temple", but it is also a place where the devil is in the guise of a "forbidden temple". It is also a place where the devil, "Ibrahim", plays with his minions. (3) The "imams" of the Church group have themselves become "servants of God" and have made all Muslims "servants of God", and have led all Muslims of the world to Mecca. What is the point of drawing all the Muslims of the world to the "forbidden temple" in Mecca? Is that what Allah wants? No, it is the wish of the devil, Ibrahim, to make a spectacle of himself and to create the illusion of a large crowd so that the unwise will go with the crowd. (4) Jesus was clearly being led by the devil.
(4) Jesus was clearly crucified by Judaism, but the Islamic world is unable to understand the hostile relationship between "Jews and Christians", and even classifies the "Jewish prophets" whom Jesus overthrew as saints together with Jesus. This means that you are all confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused, confused. Not a chance. Therefore, the "forbidden temple" that turns your face away is in fact the devil's "Ibrahim's" cave where he plays with his minions. (5) The devil, Ibrahim, has sent Muslims to the "forbidden temple" in Mecca, not to preach about how to become "children of God" (Christ), but to make them They are not talking about how to become a "child of God" (Christ), but they are asking Muslims to become "servants of God", which in fact means that they are asking all Muslims to bury their "imams" with them.
(6) How to become a "child of Allah" (Christ) is in the Book of Revelation, which is indeed the truth from your Lord, have you Muslims seen it? The words of Jesus against the Jews are in the 23rd chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, which is indeed the truth from your Lord, have you Muslims seen it? (7) Genesis 1:29 And God said, "Behold! I have given you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel." This is God's "commandment", this is God's "commandment" to "not eat meat", this is God's "command to eat vegetarian "This is indeed the truth from your Lord, do you Muslims see it?
(8) God is the common mother of mankind, and we are all children of God. There is no need for children to "worship" their mothers, nor is there any need for them to "whirl around and pay homage to them and bow down". No mother would make her children "devout servants of her mother", nor would she make them "those who whirl around and pay homage to her mother, those who abide in her devotion and those who bow down to her mother". If a mother makes her children "servants of the Mother of God" and makes them "those who circle around and pay homage to the Mother of God, those who live in the Mother of God and those who bow down to the Mother of God", she is a devil without mother and child, "Ib The mother is the devil "Ibrahim" who has no mother-child bond. (9) Do you know what it is to be a "servant of Allah in worship" and to be "one who circles around to pay homage to his mother, one who abides in devotion, and one who bows to his mother"? It is the opposite of what Allah intended for Muslims to be, and it is the opposite of what Allah intended for them to be, and it is an act that grieves Allah and pleases the devil, Ibrahim.
(10) "146. And those who have received from Us the Scripture, know him as if he were one of their own children." The Qur'anic verse is so clear, why have your "imams" misinterpreted it? Why do their "imams" still make you "those who spin and pay homage to their mothers, those who abide in their mothers with devotion and those who bow down to their mothers"? "Why do the imams interpret the meaning of "Muslim, Islam" to mean "submission to God and peace"? "Why does "Muslim, Islam" not mean that the believing Arab population should become "children of God" (Christ) under the guidance of the Messenger of God? Because the "imams" themselves have not become "children of God" (Christ) and do not know what "children of God" (Christ) are, so they can only make Muslims become "This is why the "imams" of Islam are "hypocritical scribes, blind guides", and are Jewish believers in the Old Testament. This is why they regard the "Jewish prophet" in Genesis as a saint.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (150) The "Khelbai" in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, is not a true "house of heaven and forbidden temple"
150: "Wherever you go out, turn your face towards the forbidden temple. Wherever you are, turn your faces to it, lest others should make an excuse against you. Except the unrighteous among them, but do not fear them, but fear Me, that I may fulfill the grace which I have bestowed upon you, and that you may follow the right way." : (1) A Christ (Son of God, Messenger of God, Child of God) like Jesus and Muhammad is a saint. The place where a Muslim becomes a "Christ (saint) with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron" is the unique "holy temple". The place where the present Christ (saint) speaks of how to become "the Son of God, the Messenger of God, the child of God" is the unique "holy temple". A "forbidden temple" is a "holy temple". (2) Not every mosque with a Qur'an is a 'holy mosque'. "A place where the imam makes Muslims "servants of God" but not Christ is the opposite of a "holy mosque" and is a devil! It is a place where the devil, the "Ibrahim", under the guise of God, defames God and abuses His servants. (3) The "Khelbai room" in Mecca is not at all about how Muslims can become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, and a staff of iron", so it is not a "forbidden temple" at all. "It is a place where the devil, "Ibrahim", under the guise of Allah, slanders Allah and abuses His minions.
(4) Quote: "According to Islam, the Khelbai was built by Adam, the ancestor of man, on the basis of a heavenly prototype, and a few generations later the Khelbai was destroyed by a flash flood in Mecca, and the Prophet Ibrahim (Abraham) and his son Ishmael The Prophet Ibrahim (Abraham) and his son "Ishmael" (Ishmael) rebuilt Kerbai (Qur'an 22:26, 2:127), and "Ishmael" (Ishmael) assumed the holy office of Kerbai. He followed the Ibrahim (Abrahamic) Orthodox religion." This indicates that this is a manifestation of the presence of the Judaizers within Islam. The "Ibrahim (Abrahamic) Orthodoxy" is the Judaism that practices the Old Testament. Judaism is the demonic group that was overthrown by Jesus' Christianity and killed him. Ibrahim (Abraham) was the first of the "prophets of Judaism" who were rebuked by Jesus as "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", which means that the "Kerberos" of Mecca before Muhammad The first of the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" who were rebuked by Jesus. (5) Quote: "Later, when his son Nabit was in charge, the real power fell into the hands of the Jurhum tribe, to which his uncle belonged. In the 3rd century AD, the tribe of Khelbai was seized by the Huzar tribe of Yemen. By the time of Amur ibn Ruhaj, the orthodox religion of Ibrahim was abandoned and several idols were erected in the temple of Kerbai, which became a centre of polytheism for three centuries. Later the tribes competed for the charge of Kerbai, which was taken by Qusayi ibn al-Kirab, the chief of the Quraysh tribe, in about 440." Note: Although Judaism, Christianity and Islam all reject "belief in idols", "Jehovah in Judaism, the cross in Christianity and Kerbai in Islam" are all "idols But "Jehovah in Judaism, the cross in Christianity and the kerbai in Islam" are all "icons. In fact, for the religious world, without faith there is no "idol", but with faith there must be an "idol". This is what is just, rational and sober. Those who do not know the faith of the religious community because they first have an "idol" and then have faith, are all people who have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil, "Ibrahim", and are unable to distinguish between right and wrong, taking falsehood for truth. They are minions.
(6) Christ and God are masculine, light and white, while the devil, Ibrahim, is feminine, dark and black; this is the "theory of relativity" inherited from the Chinese Taoists for 7,000 years. The "black satin mantle covering the exterior of Mecca, which is changed every year", is a manifestation of the devil's cave, which is the opposite of the bright and upright heaven, and therefore there will be no doctrine for Muslims to become Christian saints. Therefore, there is no doctrine of making a Muslim a Christian saint, but only a doctrine of making a Muslim a "servant of God in worship", so that it is the opposite of the original meaning of the "forbidden temple". (7) The removal of the idols from it in Muhammad's time means that it was not used as a place of worship for Islam, but only as a place where teachings were given. The places where Muhammad preached were "forbidden temples", not any particular place at all. After the death of Muhammad, there were no imams who had reached the level of Muhammad, so they had to focus on "worship". The churches of the Muhammadan period were transformed into "Islamic places of worship".
(8) The Qur'an, "127. At that time, Ibrahim and Ishmael raised the foundation of the house of heaven", and if the Islamic world regards this "house of heaven" as the "Khelbai house of heaven" in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, this is a curiosity in the Islamic world. "This is a great shame for the Islamic world. (9) "Ibrahim and Ishmael" appears in Genesis 16-21, where Allah's purpose is to make known that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) expelled his natural son, "Ishmael (Ishmael), his own son, so that they might realise that "Abraham" (Ibrahim), the "prophet", was a devil without humanity, and so that Muslims might develop the "eyes of fire" that only Christ has. The eyes of the flames" that only Christ has. With "eyes like a flame", one becomes the Christ who reveals the true nature of the devil and who, if he does not fall away during his lifetime and fulfils his mission, will be able to return to the "heavenly room" in a hundred years. The Muslim who, because of the story of Ibrahim and Ishmael, discovers that "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is the true face of the devil and becomes "the Christ with eyes like a flame". If he does not fall away during his lifetime and fulfils his mission, he will be able to return to the "house of heaven" in a hundred years. This is how "Ibrahim and Ishmael" "built the foundation of the house of heaven", do you know this, brothers?
(10) If you misinterpret the concept of "the house of heaven and the forbidden temple" and do not give it a correct interpretation, but instead interpret man-made structures as "the house of heaven and the forbidden temple "You will be deceived by the devil "Ibrahim". (11) If you understand a man-made building that does not tell you how to become a Christian to be a "heavenly house and forbidden temple", and if everyone goes to the "heavenly house and forbidden temple" and does not hear the doctrine of how to become a Christian, such a "heavenly house and forbidden temple" is a "heavenly house and forbidden temple" of the devil. Such a "heavenly house and forbidden temple" is a devil's cave where the devil, "Ibrahim", plays with his slaves. If you turn your faces to the devil's cave, it is inevitable that others will make excuses for you. (12) If you believe in God and Muhammad and do not understand the Bible and the Qur'an, and do not know the one and only core doctrine of Islam, then the devil, Ibrahim, will teach you "devotion to God" as a doctrine of Islam. How can it be the teaching of the devil, Ibrahim, when you think that "worshipping Allah" is the core teaching of Islam? This means that "others are making excuses for you" and you don't know it yet. This means that you have become the servants of the devil, the Ibrahim, and you think that you are servants of Allah. This is the sorrow of the entire Islamic world.
(13) The "unrighteous among them" in the Islamic world are the "rebels and rebellious" who do not agree that "worshipping Allah" is the teaching of Islam. They are the "revolutionaries" who are in opposition to the mainstream Islamic group of "imams" because they have their own unique views on the interpretation of the Qur'an. "(14) "The unrighteous among them are not the ones who are not in the right place. (14) "Except for the unrighteous among them", that is, except for the "revolutionaries" who oppose the mainstream Islamic group of "imams", that is, the "revolutionaries" who oppose the mainstream Islamic group of "imams", that is, the "revolutionaries" who oppose the mainstream Islamic group of "imams". "They are the ones who make Muslims "pious worshippers of God" and do not allow them to become "children of God" (Christ, the Son of God). They are the devil's "Ibrahim" who promote magic under the guise of Allah, and are in fact "scribes who pretend to be good and blind leaders", while apparently being "righteous people" who promote Islam. (15) "Not a single one of them is a good man.
(15) "With the exception of the unrighteous among them", the "revolutionaries" who opposed the Islamic group dominated by the "imams", and the "imams and the imam group" who were the apparently righteous. The "Imams and the Imamate" are the "righteous" who appear to promote Islam, but are in fact the devil's "Ibrahim" who promote magic under the guise of Allah, but do not fear them, for they are a devilish group of thieves, a "paper tiger". They are a "paper tiger". If you do not fear them, you are "Christ who has eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". If you fear their power and submit to their doctrine, you become a servant of the devil's group. (16) As Allah is the creator of the universe and we are all given life by Him, "Fear Me (Allah)" and do not submit to the seemingly powerful group of devils, for I (Allah) am the Lord of the universe. If you do not have the courage to do what is right and sacrifice your life for righteousness, and if you give in to the seemingly powerful "imams" (devil groups), you are selling your soul and not "fearing me". If you do not dare to reveal the true nature of the devil's group, you are not "fearing me (Allah)", which means that you are the devil himself, "Ibrahim".
(17) It was Jesus who "feared me" and did not betray me but did not fear the powerful Judaism, so Jesus' stern rebuke of Judaism as a "hypocritical scribe and blind leader" caused the Judaizers to panic and crucify Jesus, who This is my (God's) fulfilment of Jesus and my (God's) grace upon him, and whoever of you achieves what Jesus did by dying as he did will have my (God's) fulfilment and will have my (God's) grace upon you to prove that you have followed the right path. This is the correct view of life and values in the world. (18) Unfortunately, this right view of life and values does not exist not only in the Christian world, but also in the Islamic world, because the Last Judgement has not come. "When the Last Judgment comes, this right view of life and values will be known to the world, and more new Christs will be made.
(19) Throughout the Qur'an, there are many biblical characters and events that are intended to remind us that "Jesus was crucified by Judaism" and that we should clearly position Judaism as a demonic group through the fact of the blood of Jesus. All Jewish "prophets" are incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim". (20) To position the Jewish prophets and Judaism as "the devil and the devilish group" is to not fear them as a devilish group, you are the Christ who fears God, and to become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is to be fulfilled by God, and to become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is to be fulfilled by God. You have become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", which is a grace from Allah; your words and deeds of "breaking the evil way" are a sign that you are following the right way.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 22 November 2017 15:50 23 14:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









