The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (77-78) The Covenant of God is the Soul
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (77) Each of us has a "covenant with Allah"
77. "Those who exchange Allah's covenant and their oaths for a small price will not receive grace in the Hereafter, and Allah will not speak to them on the Day of Resurrection, nor will He heed them, nor will He purge them of their sins, and they will be punished with pain." (1) All human souls are angelic children of God in Paradise, and in order to make this world an earthly paradise, angels come down to earth to give their talents to their mission, and so we all have a natural inclination towards mystical culture. In order to bring the angels, the children of God, who have fulfilled their mission, back to heaven, God has set up a religion, a "path to heaven, a ladder to heaven", and a "path of truth" to bring people back to heaven as Christ. (2) God's "The Way of the Unseen" is found in all five religions of the world, and although the texts of the classical texts of the "Way of the Unseen" are different, the message is the same, for all people, regardless of their nationality, are children of God.
(3) Each of us has a "covenant with God" before we descend to earth. Before we were born, God commanded each of us to complete our mission and not to forget to return to heaven as Christ, and He has left a "way back to heaven" for us to encounter if we keep our souls pure. Whoever does not keep the innocence of his soul and longs for the falsehoods of the world will be misled by the devil, and his soul will be wiped out because of his ignorance and his demonic nature, and he will be cut off from the path to heaven and will have broken his covenant with God. Therefore, the "covenant of Allah" is our soul, which is known to all Muslims as the "alef", the holy man who is the same as Allah, the true master of each of us. The "true master" is referred to as "Allah".
(4) If the way to realise the "covenant of Allah" is the infallible teachings of Allah, which are scattered not only in the Qur'an but also in the Bible, only those whom Allah desires can really get it and take it all. It is impossible for anyone other than the Messenger of God to know what the "covenant of God" is. Allah will not let the Messenger appear until the Last Judgement. It is only after the time of the Last Judgement, when it is officially opened, and the Messenger of Allah appears in the world, that the world will know what the Covenant of Allah is. (5) The "Covenant of God" is, in layman's terms, the restoration of man to his original form as Christ to heaven; it is a unique system consisting mainly of commandments and doctrines, which are enunciated by the sects responsible for their edification. The commandments are not to kill and eat meat, not to steal, not to commit adultery, not to lie, and not to drink. The doctrine is that the Book of Revelation prescribes "the infallible truth that makes man Christ's return to heaven".
(6) The imam who preaches the Qur'an in the place of God and becomes the imam who "makes man a Christian" is "an oath of his own". (7) To become an imam who preaches the Qur'an under the guise of God's mercy, and to gain fame and status, is to "exchange God's covenant and one's oath for a small price".
(8) Because the imam did not really understand the Qur'an, but only gained honour and status for himself, he made Muslims "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and bowing", and none of them became Christ (the Son of God), but all of them were minions of the devil's cave, thus making Muslims live in vain and go back to the cycle of reincarnation, and thus the imam They will not be granted grace in the Hereafter, and on the Day of Resurrection, God will not speak to them, nor will He heed them, nor will He cleanse them of their sins, and they will suffer a painful punishment.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (78) The devil who knowingly makes a falsehood in the name of Allah, for all time.
78. "Indeed, there are some of them who tamper with the Scripture so that you may take what was tampered with as the Scripture, but it is not the Scripture. They say: This is from Allah. In fact, it was not sent down from Allah, and they have knowingly falsified it in the name of Allah." (1) Because our souls are neutral, a man who learns the righteousness of the law can become a "saint with Allah", and a man who learns magic can become a devil, "Ibrahim". Thus, the "heavenly scriptures" and the "magical scriptures" have a "positive and negative" conversion effect. (2) A scripture like the Book of Revelation, which prescribes "the infallible way of becoming Christ to heaven" and which makes man "a Christ with eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron", is a pure "heavenly scripture The scripture that makes one "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is the pure "heavenly scripture". If one does not understand it, the Scriptures will not make one a Christ back to heaven. If the Scriptures are misinterpreted, the "heavenly scriptures" become "devilish scriptures" that send people to the fire.
(3) After reading the book of Genesis, we know that the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" in it are all "reverse images" of God. "You become the "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron", and this is when the book of Genesis is pure "heavenly scripture". If you do not understand Genesis, and you follow the "straightforward" approach, you become a Jewish slave of the devil's cave, and Genesis becomes the "devil's scripture" that makes one a slave of the devil's cave. (4) Knowing that the Old Testament after Genesis is the opposite of God's "devilish image" portrayed by the "reverse thinking" method, and knowing that Judaism, which practices the Old Testament, is a devilish group, you become The Old Testament is pure "heavenly scripture" when you become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". If you don't understand the Old Testament, if you follow the "straightforward" method of understanding it, then you become a devil's slave of Judaism, and the Old Testament becomes a "devil's scripture" that makes one a devil's slave. (26th 18:50)
(5) It is not true that "they say, "This is from God", but the Scriptures are "heavenly scriptures" sent down from God. There are many "devilish scriptures" which have been sent down from the devil, but in the guise of Allah. (6) The Scripture that makes a man "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is the true "heavenly Scripture".
(7) When one gets the Old Testament and knows that the "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" were all "demonic images" of God, then the magic scripture of the Old Testament becomes the scripture that makes one The Old Testament became a "heavenly scripture" that made people "a Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". (8) Those who have the New Testament and believe in its passages depicting the miracles of Jesus, not knowing that they were added by the Roman Catholic Church, become minions of the devil's cave, misled by the "heavenly scriptures", and the New Testament becomes the "devil's scriptures" of the devil, "Ibsen". (9) Because of the "masculine" nature of the "New Testament
(9) Because both the masculine angels and the feminine demons are children of God, the demons do not fear God, and the demons have made evil-minded and unrighteous imams their spokesmen, so that they will knowingly make false statements in the name of God. Since both angels and demons are immortal, those who knowingly and wilfully mislead people in the name of Allah are present in all spheres of human society for all time and for all eternity. The evil is incarnated in all spheres of human society in the form of the "vile, the sinister, the self-serving, the despotic, the corrupt, and the corrupting".

Li Huaizhu Published on 26 December 2017 17:10 27 07:425 Edited by in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









