The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 3 The Yellow Cow (267-269) Becoming Christ is the Best Offering
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(267) The best offering to God is for Muslims to become "sons of God".
267. "O you who believe! And do not choose for your charity that which you would not accept except with closed eyes, and that which We have produced for you from the earth. And know that Allah is self-sufficient and praiseworthy." (1) A believer is one who believes in the truth that God made man to become Christ and return to heaven. Those who do not want to become Christ, but only want to become "those who spin around and pay homage, those who abide in piety and those who bow down" are not believers, not believers in the Lord's way, but devilish minions who believe in the devil's way as the Lord's way. (2) "Divide and give away the good things you have acquired". To give away what you love, to pass on the good, to do good to others, to make others good, is to be an open and selfless "son of God".
(3) The "goods that come out of the ground" are the various vegetal foods of the land. "I have prepared all kinds of plants for you, humans, as your food. (4) "Share what I have produced for you from the ground" means that you should all work together to create a "vegetarian" atmosphere, to love animals, and not to kill them for meat.
(5) "Do not choose to give alms of poor quality, which you would not accept except with your eyes closed", that is, do not give alms of what you do not like. It is a sign of selfishness and lack of justice to give away what you do not like, but to keep the good things for yourself. All corrupt officials are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim". (6) "Do not choose to give alms of an inferior quality that you would not accept except with your eyes closed", which in Chinese means: "Do not do to others what you do not want.
(7) Know that the God of heaven is self-sufficient, and that there is no shortage of offerings in heaven, but only of Christ who returns to heaven. There is no shortage of offerings in heaven, except for the return of Christ to heaven. A Muslim who becomes "a son of God with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" is the best offering to God. (8) To take the flesh of animals as a tribute to Allah is the devil's way of abusing Allah, who is self-sufficient and does not allow the killing of life.
(9) Allah is praiseworthy because the "sons of God" of the world are praised. Without the praise of the "sons of God" in the world, no one would know what the mercy of Allah is, and Allah would have nothing to praise. (10) All the Muslims in the mosques have become "circlers and worshippers and bowers" and none of them have become Christ (the Son of God), which is a tragedy that grieves God because of ignorance and is praised by the devil, Ibrahim. (14 December 18:37)

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (268) "Devotional worship and prayer" is a scandalous practice of the minions of the devil's cave, and is the opposite of the realm of Christ.
268: "The devil has terrorised you with poverty and commanded you with scandal; but Allah has promised you forgiveness and mercy. And Allah is Forgiving, All-Knowing." (1) The devil does not use the word "devil" as an excuse, but intimidates and coerces Muslims under the guise of Allah. The Imam said: If you do not worship Allah, you will not receive the sustenance of Allah, you will suffer poverty and hardship, and you will not be saved; such is the case of the devil terrorizing you with poverty, as you know, brother Muslims. (2) Allah has set up Islam so that Muslims may become "sons of God, saints like Allah" and complete their mission and return to the heavens. Anything that does not make a Muslim "a son of God with eyes like fire and a rod of iron" is a "scandal" that is reviled. Under the guise of "devout worship of God", the devil makes Muslims "swirlers of salutations, pious abiders, bowers of bowers", but in reality they are the minions of the devil, "Ibrahim". This is what the devil commands you with his scandalous deeds, as you know, brother Muslims.
(3) "Forgiveness" means forgiveness, pardon. (3) "Mercy" means forgiveness, pardon. Muslims, you have fallen prey to the devil's "Ibrahim" and yet you are promised forgiveness and mercy because you do not have the wisdom to recognise the devil and you have been misled by the devil's "Ibrahim" imam. Allah knows all. (4) Now that the "Last Judgement" has begun and the "Sun of the East" has dispelled the darkness beneath the "New Moon", the imams who have misinterpreted the scriptures should correct their mistakes and use the True Explanation of the Qur'an as a unified teaching material. The imams who had misinterpreted the scriptures were to correct their mistakes and teach Muslims the true Qur'an as a unified text. Muslims will also have to escape from the devil's den and stop following the imams in their disobedience to the Messenger of God by wallowing under the "new moon". You will be dealt with leniently, and your previous misguidance against Muslims will be forgiven.
(5) Allah is Forgiving and All-Knowing. All Muslims are the children of Allah and should also be lenient. You Muslims should be generous in accepting the "sunshine from the East", which Allah has given to Muslims, and not be narrow-minded in not accepting it because of Chinese interpretations. (6) As Allah is all-knowing, Muslims are the children of Allah and should also be all-knowing. You should know that the Chinese who interpreted the Qur'an and dispelled the darkness of the "crescent moon" with the "sunlight of the East" was the Messenger of God.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2, (269) And those whose merits and good deeds were many in their previous lives are endowed with wisdom in this life.
269. "And He bestows wisdom on whom He wills; and whoever is endowed with wisdom has indeed received much benefit. Only those who are sensible will be enlightened." (1) "He bestows wisdom on whom He wills" is a "test" from Allah, and it is not so at all. Allah intended to bestow wisdom on all men, for all men are children of Allah, but only a few can possess wisdom, and most cannot. This is because everyone has different roots and different merits and fruits from previous lives, and they are not in the same state in this life. Those who have more merit and good fruits in their previous lives will have wisdom in this life. Those who have had less merit and good fruits in previous lives will not have wisdom in this life. (2) It is not "he who endows with wisdom those whom he desires", but "he who endows with wisdom those whose merits and fruits in previous lives are many and thick".
(3) Whoever in his past life was rich in merit and good fruits is endowed with wisdom in his present life. There is a Chinese saying that "all wealth and prosperity in this life is due to cultivation in previous lives", which refers to such a situation. (4) Whoever's merits and virtues in previous lives were many and thick, has indeed received many benefits in this life. (4) Whoever in his previous life, because he overcame his selfish desires, kept the five precepts (not killing life and eating meat, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying and not drinking) and was the Christ who exposed the devil's group, and whose merits and good deeds were many and thick, is a person endowed with wisdom and reason in this life, and will not fall into the minion of the devil's cave because of blind listening and blind faith, and will be able to wake up in time after being deceived, and will be able to overcome inertia and achieve self-improvement, such a person will be guided by Allah to "Such a person will be guided by God to the Messenger of God, become a disciple of the Messenger of God, learn that "God has made man to become a Christ and return to heaven", become a present-day Christ, complete his mission, and return to heaven with full fruit. (5) The common man who is spineless, weak-willed, stubborn, obstinate, and stubbornly loyal, and who follows the crowd, even if God wanted to give him wisdom, could not accept it because he would be too conservative to accept new things. They will always be there, the world cannot live without them.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 14 December 2017 17:50 16:40 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









