The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (72-86) Becoming a "saint as God" is the aim
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(72) The one who reveals the hidden truth is the "Holy One with God".
72. "Then you killed a man, and you denied it to each other. And Allah will reveal the truth which you have concealed." (1) "You killed a man, and you denied each other" shows that you are all criminals who shirked your responsibilities, who are unable to take responsibility, who are deceitful in heart, and who have not yet repented of their sins and can only add to them. (2) "You killed a man and you denied it to each other" is a "metaphorical" sentence, which tells us that there are many similar situations like this. For example, if an animal is killed in sacrifice to God, the "Jewish priests" do not consider such an act as cruelty to life, because it was killed for the sake of God, and God is fully responsible. This is to pass on one's sins to Allah, to conceal the fact that one has killed a human being, and to deny it in a deceitful manner. To make a Muslim a "servant of God" is not to make him a "holy man with God", but to use the Qur'an to justify one's ignorance, which is the same thing as "You have killed a man and you deny each other". This is what is "metaphorically" meant by "you killed a man and you denied each other".
(3) Allah is the invisible and omnipresent deity who knows all the truths and whose "denials" cannot be hidden from Him. Allah will reveal the truth that you are hiding, and Allah is the righteous and unselfish God, the God of light and righteousness, who will not allow darkness and obscurity to persist. (4) Judaism's claim that the God it believes in is the true God and not at all an "ebbo" is a sign that "the criminal who has killed a man is denying it", for God does not allow man to eat meat and kill life at all, and allows him to treat animals as "friends". The Jewish religion deliberately misinterprets the scriptures and refuses to acknowledge its mistakes, despite the fact that God does not allow people to eat meat and kill animals as "friends" and that the scriptures on "vegetarianism" are very clear. The Jewish priest never admits his error and reviews his own words, he is always right because he is a "priest" and a spokesman for God, but in fact he is a liar who lies and cheats under the guise of God. (5) Calling out the Judaizers as "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", as Jesus did, is a sign of exposing the truth that Judaism is hiding. By calling the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders" and by exposing the hidden truths of Judaism, we have "eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in our mouth, feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans, having received a rod of iron". When we have the state of "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in our mouth, feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans, having received the rod of iron", we become Christ in the same way as Jesus. Religious people become Satan's for a while as long as they do not become Christ, and there is no such thing as not having attained the Way nor having become demonized. (6) He who has "eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, hates the Nicolaitans, has a face like the light of the sun, and has received a rod of iron" has become "a saint like God". Without the words and deeds of Christ (the Son of God), one does not become a "saint with God" in Islam. (7) To make Muslims "saints with God" is an uncompromising tenet of Islam.

The one who "strikes him with a part of it" is the righteous, the Christ.
73. "So We said: Strike him with a part of it! Thus Allah raises the dead and shows you His signs so that you may understand." (1) "The criminal who kills a man and does not repent and denies it" is "a part of it", a part of its sin. Killing an animal in sacrifice to Allah and not feeling that he has sinned, but denying it on all sorts of grand excuses, is "part of it", part of its sin. (2) "To beat him with a part of it" means to judge and punish him and to subject him to the corresponding karmic consequences. The one who "smote him with a part of it" is the righteous one, the Christ. (3) He who is indifferent to "a part of it" and does not dare to "smite him with a part of it" is an "unrighteous man", the very opposite of Christ. Such a person is an "unrighteous man", the opposite of Christ, an "easy man". (4) To "smite him with a part of it" means to judge and punish him, and to subject him to the corresponding cause and effect, so that he may remove his sin and become a normal person, and God may thus raise the dead. (5) The man who "smote him with a part of it" is the righteous man, the Christ. If he does not fall away during his lifetime, and if he fulfils his mission as if he were dead, he will be able to return to God and live in the Paradise of the rivers, and God will thus raise the dead. (6) Thus are the signs of Christ and Ibrahim revealed to you, so that you may know the rules of God. Do you know, Muslims?

74. "After that your hearts harden and become like stones, or harder than stones. There are some stones from which rivers gush forth; there are some stones which break themselves and from which springs of water flow; and there are some stones which fall for fear of Allah. Allah will never overlook your deeds." (1) For almost none of you dared to "strike him with a part of it", which means that you are all "unrighteous people" and are all Satan, the very opposite of Christ. For then your hearts were hardened, and you became like stones, or harder than stones, and you were all disqualified and became "vile apes". (2) "There are some stones from which rivers gush out" shows that there are some people who are still wise. Although these people do not have the courage to judge the "Ibrahim", they know in their hearts that they are the embodiment of the "Ibrahim". (3) "Some stones break of their own accord, and water flows from them" is a minority of people who have great wisdom. He has realised that Allah has made man "a saint like Allah", and has revealed the true nature of Ibrahim. (4) "Some rocks are for the sake of the people. (4) "Some stones fall for fear of Allah" is a metaphorical omission, which means that some people do not dare to expose them for fear of reprisals from the Ibrahim and because they fear that Allah will not be able to protect them. (5) As long as we are not afraid to reveal their sins, we will fall into the Fire for fear of death. (5) As long as we do not fear the reprisals of the Ibrahim and dare to fight him to the death, Allah will stand by our side and support us. If we are afraid, we will fall, and so will Allah, our support. Understand? Muslim. (6) "Allah will never overlook your deeds", and your deeds determine the state of your life and whether you go to Paradise or the Fire.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (75) "knowingly tamper with" is found in all religions.
75. "Do you still expect them to believe for your persuasion? There is a faction of them who have heard the words of Allah, and when they have understood them, they falsify them knowingly." (1) "Believe in the Word" is a metaphorical word, an elliptical phrase that deliberately omits the main part, depending on which of you is careful. There are two kinds of paths, the true and righteous path in which God makes Muslims "saints like God" and the false and evil path in which "Ibrahim" makes Muslims "servants of God in worship" under the guise of God. "(2) You are also attempting to make them the servants of Allah. (2) Do you still want them to believe in Allah for your persuasion and make Muslims "saints with Allah", the true and righteous way? If you "still try", you are delusional and will be haunted by the devil, for they are the opposite of Allah, and they will never believe in Allah for your persuasion to make Muslims "saints with Allah". They will never be persuaded by you to believe in the true and righteous path of God, which makes Muslims "the saints of God", but will only promote the false and evil path of making Muslims "servants of God in worship". Like day and night, man and woman, they will always exist in opposition to each other. Do you understand? Muslims. (3) "There is a faction of them who have heard the words of Allah, and having understood them, they have knowingly altered them", and this is the case in all religions, in all religions. (4) "Those who have heard the words of God and, having understood them, have knowingly falsified them" are those who have been sent by the "Ibrahim", the devils who have come from within to misinterpret the Scriptures and mislead the people. The purpose is to make those who believe in Allah a servant of the devil, and to make Muslims "servants of Allah in worship", so that they will not become The purpose of this is to reduce those who believe in Allah to the status of slaves of the devil and to reduce Muslims to the status of "servants of Allah in worship".

76. "And when they met the believers, they said: We have believed. But when they meet one another in private, they say, Do you tell them what Allah has revealed to you, so that they may argue with you in the future with their Lord on that basis? Do you not understand?" (1) Those who are sent by the "Ibrahim" are devils who want to take control of the believing masses, and "when they meet the believers, they say, "We have believed", and the good masses believe it and think, "We are of one accord", and accept it in their hearts. "The good people will then believe in the truth and think, "We are of the same religion", and accept them in their hearts, no longer doubting them. (2) "Tell them what Allah has revealed to you" means to tell them what the devil has revealed to you as "the truth of Allah's revelation", that is, to spread the devil's revelation to those who believe in Allah under the guise of Allah, and to make those who believe in Allah And to make those who believe in Allah a servant of the devil. It is to make people slaves in the Devil's cave in life and to serve in the Fire after death under the guise of being sent to Paradise. (3) The usual tactic of the "Ibrahim" is to "tell them what Allah has revealed to you". Look at the Old Testament. The whole Old Testament is full of "Jewish priests" who do this. The "Jewish priests" opened their mouths to say what Yahweh said, but in reality it was his own words. (4) "So that they may contend with you in the future in the Lord on this basis" means that they were misled in life and only after death did they realise that they were different from God's infallible teaching and therefore "contended with you in the Lord on this basis". In fact, it is not "in God that they argue with you on this basis", but only with the magistrates of hell, who were misled because they did not have the great wisdom to know right from wrong in life. Do you understand now, Muslims?

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (77) cannot be without the "Ibrahim"
77: "Do they not know that Allah knows what they hide and what they confess?" : (1) They know. But they are not afraid of Allah's punishment, and they are like the mentally handicapped who instinctively go against Allah knowingly and instinctively go against Him. "They represent the darkness of the universe, and Allah represents the light of the universe, and the light and the darkness are always the same. (2) Allah knows that the Ibrahim have concealed the teachings of Allah and that what they confess is the teachings of the devil, but Allah allows them to exist normally, because they are the company and the target of the Muslims to become "saints with Allah". Without the magic of the "Ibrahim", Muslims would not know what is magic and what is right (evil and right), they would not have the wisdom to know right from wrong, and they would not be able to become "Christ with eyes like a flame". Do you understand? Muslims.

78. "Some of them are illiterate and do not know the Scriptures, but only speak in vain; they are devoted to speculation." (1) Some of the Muslims in general are illiterate and do not know how to read or write, let alone know the meaning of the classics. Because they have heard from the "Ibrahim" the teaching of "worshipping Allah", they make it a compulsory part of their daily routine. Once they have learnt it, they will remain faithful and will never correct their mistakes, and will remain "servants of God" until the day they die, without any awareness of becoming "saints with God". (2) Because they cannot read or write, they do not know the meaning of the classics, and when they listen to the magic of the "Ibrahim", they do not know what is wrong, so they can only speculate and impose their own ideas on Allah, who then becomes a ruler like kings. (3) The reason for becoming illiterate is that in their previous lives they disobeyed advice or had sinful karma, which led to their youth in this life being caught up in troubled times or in a poor country, losing the opportunity to receive an education and becoming ignorant and illiterate. The very few illiterate people are sensible and wise people because of the deep roots of goodness in their hearts.

79. "Woe to them! They write the Scripture with their own hands, and then say: This is what Allah has sent down. They wish to exchange it for a small price. Woe to them! What they have written with their own hands. Woe to them! What they have contrived for themselves." : (1) The scripture that does not allow the world to "worship piously", that does not allow the world to become "pious servants of Allah", that makes the world "a saint like Allah", is the one that And the verse is "what Allah has sent down". The scriptures that make the world a "servant of God" and do not make the world a "saint with God" are not the true scriptures "sent down by God", but are (2) "Ibn al-Qur'an" is a false scripture. (2) The Ibrahim write the scriptures with their own hands and then say that they have been revealed by God, but they are in fact false scriptures that have been revealed by a false Lord. But they do not know that this "trivial honour" will earn them decades or centuries of punishment in hell. For God has made it clear that as long as there are people in this world who pass on your lies and deceptions, you will continue to do harm to others and your sentence will be increased, and you will not be "released from prison". You will not be released from prison until the day when your lies are revealed and the world no longer carries on your magic. So, "They write the Scripture with their own hands and say: This is what Allah has sent down. And those who wish to exchange it for a small price" are wretched criminals! (3) Because the lying and deceitful lies "written by their own hands" mislead the masses and they commit the mortal sin of slandering Allah, they will be punished by having their hands cut off and so on, and when they have finished their sentence they will become beasts of the world with the death of a thousand cuts. So they are the wretched criminals of hell! They are the mournful beasts of the world! (4) The lies they write with their own hands are lies that deceive people, and what they seek for themselves is only fame and money in this life, but after they have enjoyed them in life, they will be punished for decades, centuries, or even endless years after death. This is where they "woe" through ignorance.

80. "They say: The Fire will never touch us except for a number of days. And you say, "Allah never breaks a covenant, have you ever made a covenant with Him? Or do you speak in the name of Allah what you do not know?" (1) They say: Hellfire will never touch us except on a number of days. (2) You say to those who make Muslims "servants of Allah in worship": If you have not lied and deceived, those whom you have made "Ibrahim" have become "saints with Allah "Allah will never break a promise. But those who listened to you did not become "saints with God", but "servants of God in worship", who proved that they did not have any of the words and deeds of Christ (the Son of God), but were minions in worship, and that they could not return to Paradise. They will never return to Paradise, and God will definitely break his promise. How can you "Ibrahim" say that you have made a covenant with God? You are in fact devils who have made contracts with false lords. You are the "Ibrahim" who tell what they do not know in the name of Allah.

81. "Otherwise, all those who do evil and are encompassed by their sins are inhabitants of the Fire, and they will abide therein forever." (1) It is the greatest of all evils to make religious people "servants of Allah in worship" and to send them to hell after death, so that they may "live in vain and go back to the cycle of reincarnation". (2) The grand legal persons who do not make Muslims "saints like God" but "servants of God in worship" are the embodiment of the "Ibrahim". They are the "hypocritical scribes and blind guides" whom Jesus rebuked, and they are the inhabitants of the Fire, in which they will dwell forever because they have committed the mortal sin of "slandering the righteousness of God and harming the lives of men".

82. "Those who believe and do good deeds are the inhabitants of Paradise, and they will abide therein forever." (1) He who "strikes him with a part of it" is a "believer and a doer of good". Anyone who cannot "beat him with a part of it" is not a "believer and a doer of good". (2) He who "strikes him with a part of it" is a righteous man who reveals the true nature of "Ibrahim". The righteous man who reveals the true nature of "Ibrahim" is the one who "strikes him with a part of it". （2）你不知道什么是真主与 "易卜劣厮 "真面目，也没有揭露 "易卜劣厮 "真面目的言行，你就不是 "信道而且行善者"。 (3) A "servant of God" is a servant of "Ibrahim", because he is a "father of thieves" and is only a resident of the Fire. Those who rebuke Jesus Christ, who overthrew Judaism, and who expose the true nature of the "Ibrahim" as if they were dead, are the true "believers and doers of good", and such are the inhabitants of Paradise, "the Paradise of the rivers". "Such people are the inhabitants of the Paradise of the rivers, and they will live in it forever.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (83) The soul of the living sees its own soul, and only then does it "worship Allah".
83: "Then We made a treaty with the children of Israel, saying: Worship Allah alone, and honour your parents, and be kind to your relatives, and have mercy on the orphans, and help the poor, and speak kindly to the people, and observe worship, and pay your zakat." Then, all of you, except a few, break your covenant, and you are the ones who often break it." (1) Bowing down to Allah every day is not "worshipping Allah", it is worshipping "Allah's idols" and "worshipping false lords". (2) Allah is not in heaven, but in the heart of each one of us, and is the soul that rules our hearts and is our true master in this life. It is only when the soul in this life has seen its own soul that it is "worshipping Allah". If the soul in this life does not see its own soul, then it has not worshipped Allah. (2) If one does not know what Allah is, then one does not know what "worship of Allah" is, and if one takes "worship of false lords" to be "worship of Allah", then one becomes (2) If we do not know what Allah is, we will not know what "worshipping false lords" means, and we will become "worshippers of Allah". (3) It is not only between people of one nationality and blood that they are "kin". In the global village, the souls of all people (including animals) are "brothers and sisters" from the same heaven, and God is the common mother of all, except that in this life they are scattered all over the world. "We should all "live together in harmony". The Chinese often say that we should "live with our neighbours and do good to others", which is a manifestation of God's holy will. (4) To denigrate the holiness of sects other than Allah as "unholy" only from the perspective of one's own national religion is to show the true face of the devil as "selfish, narrow-minded, mean and cruel". "This is the devil's way of destroying the harmony of society, which is not at all "kinship friendly". This is because Allah has different names in other sects, and the holy ones in other sects are all gods sent to earth by Allah to teach one side of the world.
(5) The Bible is God's "contract with the children of Israel". The Jews were not aware of this, but followed the Old Testament and became the spokesmen for Satan, and the descendants of Israel broke their covenant, so that they worshipped only one idol, Allah (Jehovah), and then vilified the other sects of holiness as "unholy". They could not be "kinsfolk" in the broad sense of the word, but could only disguise their demonic nature and cover up their sins by saying and doing things like "having mercy on orphans and helping the poor". They could not "speak well of others", but could only deceive the world under the guise of doing good. (6) "Keeping worship" is not at all about kowtowing to the idols of God, but about shutting down the sense organs and "watching the Self", which is the Taoist way of sitting, entering a state of "stillness of mind, thoughtlessness and carelessness This is the Taoist way of sitting, in which one enters a state of "stillness of mind and thoughtlessness" and "trains one's breath internally". Only Jesus and Muhammad practised this method, and only Jesus and Muhammad achieved the "completion of zakat", which was taught to them by God, but neither of them passed it on to others because God did not allow them to pass it on. Christianity and Islam are in the hands of the devilish group.
(7) The true meaning of "observe worship and complete zakat" will not be truly revealed until after the Last Judgement, and no one will be able to truly reveal it until 21 December 2012, because that is the Satanic "magic time", the night. After 21 December 2012, the existing Christianity and Islam will be overthrown by the Middle Heavenly Church, which is known to the world as the "Last Judgement", and the true "observe worship and complete zakat" will be revealed. This is the "Last Judgement", as it is known throughout the world, and it will also provide the true "observance of worship and the completion of zakat", so that the elite who have abandoned the darkness and turned to the light will become "saints with God" and inhabitants of the Paradise of the Rivers. (8) When the True Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom reached the Islamic world, everyone was shocked that, with the exception of a few wise people who accepted it, most of you were sinners who were very thick and foolish, and who had broken their promises, and most of you were slaves of the "Ibrahim" who often broke their promises. The Islamic world will have a time of purging the minions of the "Ibrahim".

84. "Then We made an agreement with you, saying: Do not kill each other and do not expel people of your own race from abroad. You have promised, and you have confirmed it." (1) Muslims, do you know how Allah "contracted with you, saying: Do not kill one another"? "22 And He has made the earth your seat, and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and through it has come much fruit for your sustenance, so do not knowingly set up rivals for Allah." This is the cessation of killing that Allah has given to the Muslims as a covenant with you. If man does not consider animals as friends and slaughters them wantonly, he is "knowingly making enemies of Allah". (2) If you kill each other because of your differences of belief, you are "knowingly making an enemy of Allah". The division of Islam into Shia and Sunni is a manifestation of killing each other because of differences in beliefs, which is "knowingly making enemies of Allah". "It is the wish of God that both Shi'a and Sunni renounce their own perceptions and fully accept the teachings of the Holy Qur'an. (3) The fact that there are many "Islamic states" in the world, large and small, shows that the "expulsion of people of the same race from abroad" has been going on for a long time, not only as a struggle between good and evil, but also as a conflict between the rulers and the ruled. (4) Although you have promised "not to kill each other and not to expel your people from the land", you "have broken your promises, and you have often broken them", and you have done so at will, and your demonic words and actions confirm that you are Your devilish words and deeds confirm that you are the servants of the "Ibrahim".

The Day of Resurrection is actually "the day when the soul of the human body should ascend to heaven after death".
85. "Then you killed each other and drove out a part of your people from beyond the borders, and you dealt with them in a way that was unholy - and if they were taken captive, you redeemed them - and expelled them, which was an act of law in your case. Do you believe in one part of the law and not in another? The reward for those of you who do this will be nothing but humiliation in this worldly life and the most severe punishment on the Day of Resurrection. Allah will never overlook your deeds." : (1) The division of Islam into Shia and Sunni is a manifestation of killing each other because of differences in belief. You Shias and Sunnis both think you are right, but in fact you are both wrong, as you will see when you read the True Exposition of the Qur'an. (2) You have expelled a part of your people from the land because of differences in beliefs, and you have joined together with them in a conspiracy against them - and if they are captured and returned, you have redeemed them - and expelled them, which is an offence in the eyes of your people and a "crime against humanity". (3) Are you not convinced of the Qur'an? Do you not know that some of the verses of the Qur'an are explicitly forbidden to "kill each other"? Can you believe in one part of the Qur'an and not believe in the prohibition against killing each other? (4) The reward for those of you Muslims who kill each other because of "differences of faith" is only a short period of humiliation and glory in this worldly life. To make Muslims "servants of God in worship" instead of "saints who are not different from God" is an Arab "killing each other", and is to use "This is a form of "killing without blood" that misleads Muslims to hell, and they escape the "sin of killing" in the world. Such a person is an "Ibrahim", who, although he receives a brief glory in this life, is humiliated by the fact that after death his soul is "condemned to the most severe punishment".
(5) The "resurrection" is the death of the body in this life and the return of the soul to God in heaven as a saint. The opposite of the "resurrection" is the death of the body and the condemnation of the soul to hell after the death of the body, because of the wickedness of the body. The "Day of Resurrection" is the day of death, the "end" of human life. The "Day of Resurrection" is actually "the day on which the soul of the human body should ascend to heaven after death". Because you did not become "saints with God" during your lifetime, and did not have the Christianity of Jesus to prove that you have become "sons of God who can communicate with God at all times", you cannot be resurrected "on the Day of Resurrection". (6) He has not become a "saint" in the sense that he has not become a "son of God who can communicate with God at any time". (6) He has not become a "son of God who can communicate with God at all times", he does not have the Christianity of Jesus, nor does he have the "great wisdom and the two-edged sword" that exposes the attacks on "Ibn Abd al-Islam". "He is a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, a servant of God, and a servant of God. Such a person "will be condemned to the severest punishment on the Day of Resurrection" and is the embodiment of the devil "Ibrahim".
(7) "God will never overlook your deeds", depending on which of you has the Christianity of Jesus. If you have become Muslims and your "deeds" do not show "the Christianity of those who have eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in their mouths, feet like bright bronze, faces like the light of the sun, hate the Nicolaitans, and have received a rod of iron", then you are not You are not "sons of God, who can communicate with God at all times", but rather you are legal slaves who have become fathers of thieves and have gone astray, and you will not be resurrected "on the Day of Resurrection", but will be condemned to hell "on the Day of Resurrection". You will be condemned to hell on the Day of Resurrection. (8) You, Muslim, are a "servant of God" who does not know what it is to have "eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in your mouth, feet like bright bronze, a face like the light of the sun, and a face like the light of the sun", except that you are a "devout worshipper". You are not "sons of God who can communicate with God at all times", which means that you are legalistic slaves who have fathered a thief and gone astray, and will not be resurrected "on the Day of Resurrection", but only "on the Day of Resurrection". You will not be resurrected on the Day of Resurrection, but will be condemned to hell and punished on the Day of Resurrection.

86. "These are they who have exchanged the hereafter for the life of this world, so that their punishment will not be lightened, nor will they be helped." (1) "These are the people who exchange the hereafter for the life of this world." This is an elliptical sentence, which actually means that one is a servant who "worships Allah with devotion", and makes others also a servant, and deceives oneself and deceives others, and such people are devils. They are the embodiment of the devil, "Ibrahim". In the guise of carrying on Islam, the "Ibrahim" have reduced Muslims to the status of "servants of Allah" by preventing them from becoming "saints with Allah". This is a great sin of "slandering God and harming the lives of people", and is a way of exchanging the humiliation of hell in the Hereafter for the glory of life in this world. (2) Muslims who have been misled into becoming "minions of piety" and misleading others into becoming "minions of piety" have caused others to go to hell, so that their punishment will not be reduced and they will not be assisted. (3) No one in the Islamic world has ever truly expounded the Qur'an, but today the Celtic religion has truly expounded the Qur'an, and Muslims are not ashamed of their inability to expound the Qur'an, but instead resist the Celtic religion's exposition and advice, and continue to harm themselves by blackmailing others, so their punishment is not mitigated, and they are not assisted.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 12 October 2017 09:00 15 to 18 days out for four days. 21 11:45 pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









