The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1 The Yellow Cow (1-4) The Yellow-skinned Chinese are very bullish
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

"The Yellow Ox": (1) The nine palace numbers (also known as Luo Shu or He Tu): Qian Gong 6, Kan Gong 1, Burgundy Gong 8, Zhen Gong 3, Zhong Gong 5, Xun Gong 4, Li Gong 9, Kun Gong 2, Tui Gong 7. The 12 Earthly Branches of the Zodiac and the Five Elements: Zi is the Rat, non yang water. Ugly is the sign of the Ox, which is the yin of the earth. Yin is the sign of the tiger, A Yang wood. Dao is the sign of the rabbit, B yin wood. The star is the Dragon and the earth is the Yang. The sixth sign of the zodiac is the snake. The Horse is in the Year of the Horse. The unlucky goat is a Yin Earth. Shen is the Monkey. You are a Rooster and a Yin Gold. The dog is in the year xu and the earth is in the year e. The sign of the Pig is in the year Hai, and the sign of the Pig is in the year Dec. The House of Burgundy is 8, which is the ugly earth of the northeast, the Ox. (2) The five elements are Metal, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth. The colours and directions of the five elements are: Gold White West; Wood Green East, Water Black North, Fire Red South and Earth Yellow Central. (3) When Liu Ji Bo Wen was helping Emperor Zhu Hong Wu of Ming Dynasty, he wrote a pamphlet entitled "The Song of the Burnt Cake", which reads: "There is a cave under the Yellow Ox Mountain". The "bull" is the ugly palace, the Maitreya Buddha of the Dou rate cave. The "mountain" is the sixteenth generation of Burgundy (Liu Qingxu), the Huangji ancestor is the Kun Wu Earth (seventeenth generation, Baiyang first ancestor Lu Zhong Yi), the eighteenth generation of Huangji is the Burgundy Hex Earth (eighteenth generation, Baiyang second ancestor Mu Zi). "There is a hole", is the unity of the three religions Maitreya Huangji authentic Tao (Zhongtian religion) also. This "Tao" can be hidden to save people over the astral robbery, after this robbery there is another layer of silver world, do not plow there is a harvest, do not do there is food, so it is called "there is a hole" also.
(4) The "yellow cow" is not an animal, it is the central eastern earth, which is the central heavenly religion of Lord Maitreya Buddha. (5) "The Qur'an, Chapter 2: The Yellow Bull", which shows that there is a sect (the Middle Heaven Sect) that is related to the "yellow bull" and uses it as an allegory to explain the Qur'an and to reveal The Qur'an has been interpreted as an allegory for the "yellow cow", which has been used to reveal the true meaning of the Qur'an, to reveal God's infallible law, and to compile it into the True Exposition of the Qur'an, so that Muslims may become "saints with God" and truly demonstrate God's mercy. (6) "The Yellow Ox": A small, yellow-skinned Chinese man, who explained the essence of "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" and realised the "meeting of the five religions in heaven"; he used the classics of each religion to He used the classical teachings of the various religions to tell the religious people of the world that the purpose of religion is to make people "saints like God" (Christ, the Son of God), not "servants of God" at all, which means that this Chinese man was very good. His subversive views were recognised by the wise and led to a global religious revolution. This yellow-skinned Chinese man is truly a great man. (7) It is remarkable to have the ability to do things beyond the ordinary, to have done things that ordinary people cannot do.

"In the name of Allah, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate, the Most Merciful: (1) Allah is the invisible, omnipresent, infinite vacuum, the source of all life, and because She gives birth to life and does not take it, and does not show favouritism because of one's origin, She can make anyone who realises the truth "a saint like Allah "She is the "Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate". (2) We have left the following verses by the command of Allah as a theoretical guide for Muslims to broaden their horizons and realise the truth, and as a "path" to the Kingdom of Heaven and back to Allah. (3) The verses are all "paths", but we must be aware of the difference between the truth and falsehood of the "paths", because there is a "false lord" and there is a "false lord". (3) The scriptures are all "paths". (4) I hope that you will not stay on the Path for long, but will reach the end of the Path as soon as possible, otherwise, if you are intoxicated by the Scriptures, you will become a slave who dies on the Path. (5) The "path" of Islam (5) The "Holy One who is like God" in Islam is the "Christ" in Christianity. If you know the signs of Christ, you will know what a "saint like God" is. The eight signs of Christ are: eyes like fire, feet like bright bronze, voice like the sound of many waters, seven stars in his right hand, a two-edged sword in his mouth, a face like the light of the sun, hatred of the Nicolaitans, and a staff of iron.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (1) "Erev" is the soul, "two eyes" is the soul of life, and "mim" is the body.
1. "Aleph, the two eyes, and the mimic." [The following (1-4) internet sources are all lies of fools fooled by the devil and show that no one has ever truly interpreted the Scriptures for over a thousand years! (1) is a phonetic translation of the Arabic alphabet. There are 28 chapters in the Qur'an that begin with the Arabic alphabet, and many of these chapters are named after the beginning of the alphabet, which is one of the characteristics that distinguishes the Qur'an from other classics. (2) The chapters that begin with the letters of the alphabet have a minimum of one letter and a maximum of five letters. These opening letters are among the "hidden verses" of the Qur'an and have a very special meaning and philosophy. Most scholars believe that these initial letters are mysteries of God and belong to the esoteric realm, and that humans do not have the ability or knowledge to accurately understand, grasp, or exegete such verses. Some scholars, on the other hand, believe that it is possible to achieve exegesis and understanding through deduction and reasoning and the application of intellectual knowledge, and have conducted extremely extensive and in-depth studies on this subject, producing distinctive results. (3) The function of these obscure letters is - to warn people that they are far from really grasping the mysteries behind the Qur'an, but to spur them on to keep searching for the mysteries behind the Qur'an. But the significance of these obscure letters is not only that; it is also that they confuse people and make them wonder. One certainly cannot create something that one does not understand in itself. (4) Short for Allah, the Archangel since Jibril and Muhammad respectively.
(5) Quote: There are twenty-eight letters in Arabic, several of which look alike and have a peculiarly complex pronunciation. The first: the name Alif (which Majeen transliterates as "Aleph"). Many people think that the A in Alif must be a vowel sound, but it is not. A vowel is a sound that comes out of the throat and passes through the mouth without any obstruction, for example, the sound in the words "a" and "o" is a vowel. A consonant, on the other hand, is a consonant where the airflow is obstructed in some way. So where is the A obstructed? In the throat, if you're a boy, it's a little above the larynx, in a place called the glottis. The first sound of the letter Alif, A, is not as wide as the mouth of the Chinese character "阿", it is somewhere between the a sound in English apple and the e sound at the beginning of else. The openness of the A is somewhere between the a in apple and the e in else. However, the degree of openness is not the real pronunciation, and the A is actually pronounced with the ou combination in double, while maintaining this degree of openness. The twenty-third one is called lam, which is easily understood: the l is pronounced as "music" and the m is a nasal sound, similar to the m in the English name, but the a is pronounced as the a in cat. This is the second of the three letters at the beginning of each chapter of the Qur'an, which Ma Jian translates as "two eyes". The twenty-fourth: the name is mim, which differs from the above only in that the l is replaced by an m. This letter is the third of the three letters at the beginning of each chapter of the Qur'an, which Ma Jian translates as "mim".
(6) Quote: The Qur'an contains 114 chapters, 32 of which begin with a letter. Some use one letter, such as "Sa" in chapter 38 and "Ka" in chapter 50; some use two letters, such as "Yassin" in chapter 36 and "Taha" in chapter 20; and some use the word "Taha". Some begin with three letters, such as "Erev, Rum, and Rai" in chapter 14, and some begin with five letters, such as in chapter 19, the maximum being five letters and the minimum being one letter. Why do we start with letters? Because the Qur'an, as revealed by Allah, is composed of 28 letters, and the individual letters at the beginning of these 32 chapters are revealed by the All-Knowing, All-Powerful Creator, whose mysteries are known to Allah.
Explanation: (7) "Aleph" is the "first" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet, which in this case is a metaphor for the beginning of a number, such as 1, A, from less to more, from lower to higher, etc. The word "aleph" means: the first person to truly expound the second chapter of the Qur'an. (8) The word "two" is the "twenty-third" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet, and on 23 September 2017 at 15:45, the first chapter of the Qur'an was officially started. The word "mim" is the "twenty-fourth" of the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet. After the first chapter was edited at 17:55, the second chapter of the Qur'an was formally explained at 18:15. (9) The word "two" is "twenty-three" and the word "mim" is "twenty-four", adding up to forty-seven. Together they are forty-seven. The word "Erev" is "one". "The first person to truly interpret the second chapter of the Qur'an was between the ages of forty-seven and forty-eight. This person would have been 47 years old in 2017 if he had been born in 1971. 48 years old in 2018 if he had completed the exposition of the Qur'an and compiled it into the True Exposition of the Qur'an.
(10) Alev: This means "one word divided into three, and three words in one", which means "Allah, the saints and the people" are united into one and divided into three, indicating that Allah created the three worlds of "heaven, earth and man" with synchronized information. "This means that God created the three worlds of heaven, earth and man in sync. The angels are the souls of the new individuals. This new individual's human body has the process of "growing from childhood to adulthood, birth, old age, sickness and death", and is a human body with changes, or "incarnation". In this way, a person has three bodies, two invisible ones, the soul and the life soul, and one tangible "incarnation". (11) "Aleph" is an angel from the side of God in heaven, and is called the soul and Gog in Christianity; Buddha-nature, self-nature, genesis, and dharma-body in Buddhism; dragon, snow, mercury, etc. in Taoism; and heavenly destiny, heavenly nature, and nature in Confucianism. (12) The "two eyes" are the soul of life in this life, the new body of angels in this life, which is called the soul of life, Magus in Christianity; the God of knowledge, perception, and the reward body in Buddhism; and the Hua, the yellow bud, and the soul in Taoism. (13) The "mimic" is the human body in this life, because it has the process of "growing from small to large, birth, old age, sickness and death", and is a human body with changes, called "incarnation". (14) Religion is the teaching of the restoration of the soul (aleph) to its original nature through the "unique method" of the living soul (the two eyes). It is the "unique method" of raising the soul (the two eyes) to the level of the soul (the aleph), so that the soul (the two eyes) in this life can see God, and become a Christ (the Son of God), and fulfill his mission as if he were dying, and return to God, never to be reincarnated.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (2): If one preaches the Qur'an without becoming a Christ, one is not a "fearful person".
2. "This Scripture, of which there is no doubt, is a guide for the fearful." : (1) It is the "fear" of cause and effect, not the fear of "Allah". "Allah" is the "mother-father" who gave birth to us, and does not need to be feared, but loved. A servant must fear his master. (2) Only when you have truly understood the Scripture and its words are in no doubt can you become a guide for those who fear God, see beyond the world and have thoughts of returning to the Kingdom of Heaven, and only then can you give them a sermon. If you do not really understand the scriptures yourself, and then go and give them to others, you will have misled them, and you will have caused them to go to hell, and you will have committed the mortal sin of harming the lives of people, and you will suffer the corresponding grievous retribution. (3) If you don't know what is meant by "yellow cow, aleph, two eyes, and rice eye", it means that you haven't really understood the sutra, that the text is still doubtful, and that you are not qualified to speak on it. If you don't know what a "yellow cow, an aleph, a two-eyed, a mimic" is, and you think you are a "scribe" and explain it to others, you will definitely mislead them and cause them to go to hell, and you will be guilty of the mortal sin of harming people's lives, and you will suffer the corresponding You will suffer a terrible retribution.

The true meaning of the Qur'an can only be truly understood through the great wisdom of the verse "Share the Shed" (3)
3. "And they were sure of the mysteries, and they kept their worship, and gave up what We had given them." (1) The "mysteries" are the divine and the demonic, the heavenly and the hellish, which are invisible to the human eye, pervasive, omnipresent and indestructible. (2) To be "convinced of the mysteries" is to have great wisdom, to believe correctly in God and false gods, to know what God and false gods are, and to know what the divine and the demonic are respectively. (3) "Worship (3) "Worship" is not a form of worship of God, but a thought of worshipping the noble freedom of Paradise and aspiring to return to it. It is the prudent guardianship of the thought of worshipping the noble freedom of Paradise and aspiring to return to it, and not to be troubled by the worries of the world, and not to be distracted by the prosperity of the world that would obliterate the thought of worshipping the noble freedom of Paradise and aspiring to return to it. "(4) The pious Muslim is careful to keep his worship. (4) The pious Muslim observes the worship and completes the zakat. The direction of worship is towards the Kherbai room in the Holy Land of Mecca. There is a time limit for the five daily services. The five daily services are scheduled. These are: the morning, the morning, the afternoon, the evening and the night. This is the opposite of Allah's "observance of worship", which is the "worship" of the devil's "Ibrahim" religion.
(5) To "divide and conquer" is to have the wisdom to distinguish between what is true and what is false, and to be sensible enough to know which texts and teachings to "divide and conquer". (6) The phrase "divide and give up what We have given them" is an elliptical phrase, which should read: to divide and give up some of the "teachings of the Scriptures" that We have given them in the Qur'an after distinguishing them with wisdom, because some of the "teachings of the Scriptures are "falsehoods", "bait for the greedy fish", "antitheses", and "tests of wisdom". test of wisdom". (7) If you do not have the great wisdom to distinguish between truth and falsity, and if you do not have the vigilant awareness of the "test questions and counter-words", and if you practise the scriptures exactly as they are written, thinking that you cannot give up any of them, you will misinterpret the scriptures, misunderstand the holy meaning, mislead the public, and cause others to go to hell, you will be committing a mortal sin that is harmful to human wisdom, and you will suffer the corresponding You will suffer the corresponding grievous retribution. (8) The "worship" of Jewish origin is the "false and great emptiness" of "dividing and giving up". If one does not know how to "partake" of worship, one becomes a slave to be tested. To "observe worship" is to distinguish with great wisdom the "falsehoods and emptinesses" that are to be surrendered afterwards, for God created Islam to make Muslims "saints with God", not to receive worship from them. (9) Muhammad (570) (9) At the time of Muhammad (570-632), Christian worship had become a compulsory Christian practice, and "worship" had become an accepted "sign of piety" for Muslims. This was the opposite of what God had intended, which is why it is said that "worship is to be observed".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (4), misinterprets the classic "Hereafter" as a beast that suffers the death of a thousand cuts
4. "They are sure of what was revealed to you and what was revealed to you before, and they believe in the Hereafter." (1) "They are sure of what was revealed to you and what was revealed before you" does not make Muslims "servants of Allah", but rather Muslims "saints of Allah". It is not to make Muslims "servants of Allah", but to make them "saints of Allah", and to achieve a return to the Kingdom of Heaven and never to be reincarnated. The words and texts that make Muslims "servants of Allah" are not the "revealed meaning" of Allah, nor are they the "revealed texts" of Allah. It is a "test" of Allah, and a "drug" of the devil, "Ibrahim". (2) The Hereafter is a continuation of this life and is the fruit of the words and deeds of this life. If you become a religious person in this life but do not become a "holy man of God", then you have broken the way back to heaven. You have lost your chance to be a human being. If you do not become a "saint of God" in this life, but you lead many people to study religion, they do not reach heaven, but go to hell, and when they find out that they have been deceived by you, they will ask the governor of hell to punish you as a liar. In the afterlife" you become a beast suffering death by a thousand cuts. (3) There is no "hereafter" because you do not "believe in the hereafter", but only if you "believe in the hereafter" can you know how to be careful with your words and actions in this life. To "believe in the hereafter" is to fear karma.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 25 Sep 2017 18:15pm 5 Oct 11:22 Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











