The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 The Families of Yimran (115-118) People of different religions within the sect
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (115) "There is a reward for evil deeds"
115. "And whatever good they do, it will never be in vain. And Allah is Aware of the fearful." (1) It is not true that "whatever good deeds they do, they are never in vain", but if one does not know what is the true path of God that makes one a Christian, and if one does not know that "not eating vegetarianism, but killing and eating meat" is a life-threatening sin, then one misinterprets "The concept of "good and evil" will be misinterpreted, and one will do evil as good, and what one thinks is "good work" will become "evil work". The reward for "evil work" is to pay a heavy price. (2) By "not eating vegetarianism but killing and eating meat" one does not fear Allah. (3) A Muslim who does not become a Christ like Jesus does not fear Allah.

(3) If a Muslim does not become a Christ like Jesus, he does not fear God.
116. "And those who disbelieve, their property and their children, will never benefit one iota from the punishment of God; such are the inhabitants of the Fire, and will abide therein forever." (1) Those who do not know what the true path of God is for man to become a Christian and return to heaven, and who do not know that "not eating vegetarianism, but killing and eating meat" is a sin of killing life, are disbelievers, confused people who do not know that the devil's path is the true path, and are minions of the devil's "Ibrahim". "They are the minions of the devil's cave. (2) Those who only make Muslims "swirl around and pay homage, and abide in piety, and bow down", and do not allow a Muslim to become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" (the Son of God), are disbelievers and devils. These are the disbelievers, the devils, the "Ibrahim". They have committed the mortal sin of "slandering God and harming the lives of men", and their property and children will be punished, and God's mercy will not benefit them in any way. Such people are the inhabitants of the Fire and will dwell therein forever.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (117) The giving of alms in order to obtain "good deeds" is a farce of "self-deception" played by the ignorant.
117. "What they give in this worldly life is like a cold wind blowing on the harvest of a self-deceived people and destroying it. Allah has not wronged them, but they deceive themselves." : (1) "The cold wind blows on the harvest of a self-deceiving people and destroys it" is a metaphor for the damage caused by a natural disaster because of self-deceiving words and deeds. (2) The imam is not aware that he is a devil in the guise of Allah, and the money he gives to the mosque is not only not "good", but also a sin that aids and abets the evil. Not only did they deceive themselves, but they also suffered losses from natural disasters.
(3) To give alms for the sake of gaining "good merit" is a farce of "self-deception" performed by ignorant people, and their alms are lost for nothing, because to give alms for the sake of gaining "good merit (3) To give alms for the sake of gaining "good works" is not "giving alms", but "making a deal". (4) Helping others with the intention of gaining nothing is "almsgiving". If you get a reputation for giving, it is not "giving", it is "making a deal". (5) It is almsgiving to prevent the recipient of alms from telling others that you have helped them. It is almsgiving when one gives alms to others and does not name them.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (118) And if you are not allowed to become Christ, then the devil is plotting against you.
118. "O you who believe! Do not take the disbelievers into your hearts, for they spare no effort in plotting against you, and they wish you misfortune, and their mouths have spilled out their resentment, and what they hide in their breasts is particularly vicious. Indeed I have set forth for you many signs, if you are able to understand them." (1) Anyone who wants to become Christ and return to heaven practices the "infallible truth that makes a man Christ and return to heaven", regardless of his religious nationality or denomination, but all are "of the same religion". Those who want to be Christ in heaven and those who do not want to be Christ in heaven are two very different kinds of people, and they are "people of different religions" even though they both believe in the same God. (2) If you want to become Christ and return to heaven, the imam does not want you to become "a Christ with eyes like fire and a staff of iron", but he wants you to become a "swirling worshipper, a pious worshipper, a devotee" who only "worships and prays with devotion". This means that the imam has split the Islam of Muhammad and you and the imam have become different religions.
(3) The Qur'an makes many references to biblical figures and events in order to direct Muslims to the last book of the Bible, the Book of Revelation, in which God's "infallible truth that makes man the Christ to heaven" is contained. Those who do not practice and preach the Book of Revelation are not messengers of God, and are not Muslims "of the same religion", or "of a different religion". (4) Preach the Qur'an in the name of Allah, but do not allow Muslims to become "Christ like Jesus", and make them only "worshippers and prayers", "swirlers of salutations, pious abiders, bowers and bowers". This is evidence that the devil has "spared no effort to harm you and make you suffer".
(5) The words and deeds of the imam, who tells Muslims to bow and pray to God, and the words and deeds of the imam, who tells them how to "worship and pray with devotion", are the opposite of "the infallible truth that makes people Christ's return to heaven". This is a manifestation of the devil's "spitefulness out of their mouths" and the "hidden malice in their breasts". (6) The words and deeds of Jesus becoming the Christ are one of the many signs that Allah has made clear for you, which you can understand if you read the Bible.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 9 January 2018 09:21 11:50 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











The True Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of Yimran (111-114) The Devil's Group Will Be Defeated
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (111) You revolutionaries fight against their devilish group, and they will be defeated.
111. "They shall never harm you except by evil words; and if you fight them, they will be defeated and will not be assisted." (1) Muslims who have received the true interpretation of the Qur'an as expounded by the Chinese, and have become Muslims who practice the infallible truth of the Book of Revelation, which makes man a Christ to heaven, are rebels of the Imamate, revolutionaries of the Islamic religious revolution, and "candidates for Christ". (2) You represent the bearers of God's infallible teachings and are the children of God, and the evil words given to you by the imams' group are evidence that they are a devilish group. Apart from the evil words, their imam group must not harm you, for you are the messengers of Allah.
(3) Under the guise of Allah, the imams' group makes Muslims who want to return to heaven forget their original intention of becoming Christ, and makes them become "swirling salutations, pious abiding, bowing and bowing", and none of them becomes Christ (the Son of God). (4) Most of the devil's group are sinners who "destroy life, slander God and harm the lives of people" and are rejected by God. If you revolutionaries fight them, they will be defeated and will not be assisted.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (112), considers the "Prophet of Judaism" to be a "saint of the Muslim faith", which is a sign that the Prophet of Jesus was killed in vain.
112. "Wherever they appear, they will be brought to lowliness, unless they cannot dwell in peace through the covenant of Allah and the covenant of the people, and they will be subject to the wrath of Allah, and they will be brought to distress. This is because they disbelieved in the signs of Allah, and killed the prophets in vain, and this again because they disobeyed their Lord and went beyond the law." (1) The words and actions of Jesus, who called the Jews "hypocritical scribes and blind guides", reveal the true nature of "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". This is the "sign of God", this is the true way in which God made man to become the Christ and return to heaven, and this is the infallible teaching of God. (2) After reading the book of Genesis, we do not see that these "Jewish prophets" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are all demonic figures, and we do not see the "metaphors and antitheses" of God in the book of Genesis and the Qur'an. "This is evidence that Jesus was killed in vain, and that the prophets of Judaism after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) were considered "saints of the Muslim faith". This is evidence that Jesus was killed in vain, and is a sign that Muslims do not know right from wrong, and that they have drunk the "ecstasy" of the devil "Ibrahim" and have become Jews.
(3) Ignoring the fact that Jesus was "crucified" by Judaism, these "prophets of Judaism" after "Abraham" (Ibrahim) are regarded as "This is a sign that Muslims have been misled by their imams and have disbelieved in God, that they have killed the prophets of Jesus in vain, and that they have disobeyed their Lord and gone beyond the law. (4) The fact that Jesus was "crucified" by the Jews does not show them that Judaism is a devilish group, which means that they are all Jews who have drunk the devil's "ecstasy" and that wherever they appear, they will be condemned to lowliness.
(5) The "covenant of God" is the true way in which the Book of Revelation makes man Christ's return to heaven. If Muslims do not know the "covenant of Allah", they will misinterpret the meaning of the "pilgrimage to Allah" and will want to go to the "great pilgrimage" to the heavenly house of Mecca, and will turn their hearts and minds away from it and will not be able to live in peace. Such people deserve the wrath of Allah and they will be in distress. (6) Those who do not understand the Book of Genesis, the Book of Revelation and the Holy Qur'an, and who go to the great pilgrimage without having solved their doubts, are in fact misleading others, and are not fulfilling the covenant of honesty and non-deception with the people, and are evil in heart and deceit. Such people deserve the wrath of God, and they will be in distress.

The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (113) To recite the classics of Allah at night is to leave the guidance of the Imam and to think for oneself.
113. "They are not uniform. There is a school of righteous people among those who believe in the Book, who recite the classics of Allah at night, and who bow down for the sake of Allah." : (1) They Muslims, though all receive the teaching of the Imam, are not uniformly respectful of the Imam's minions of the devil's cave. (2) There is a school of righteous people among those who believe in the Divine Scriptures, who, having heard the Imam's sermons during the day and having doubts, recite Allah's Scriptures at night and find out many things that the Imam has not said, or has said wrongly. (3) They realised that the imam had misled the Muslims by saying the wrong thing, and that the infallible teachings of God had been obliterated by the imam, and they were shocked that God had been slandered by the imam, and they bowed down and took orders for God not to be slandered by the imam any more. The true nature of the children of God.

The acceptance of the "sunlight of the East" in chapter 3 of the Qur'an (114) is a manifestation of the "certainty of God and the Last Day".
114. "They are sure of Allah and the Last Day, and they advise the good and abstain from the evil and strive to do good; such are the good people." (1) 21 December 2012 is the "end of the world", the day when the world's single religion will come to an end and when the "five religions of the Baiyang Dharma" will officially begin. Because the 21st century is the information age, a single religion, far from enabling highly civilised modern man to "raise his spiritual level", has become an obstacle to extreme regression. After the "end of the world", the world will witness a global "apocalyptic judgment", that is, a religious revolution. (2) The group of imams who do not allow Muslims to become the return of Christ to heaven is the target of the "end-time judgment".
(3) To understand the rules of Genesis and the Qur'an regarding "vegetarianism and the prohibition of meat", to practice the rule of "vegetarianism and the prohibition of meat" oneself, and to let others know about the rule of "vegetarianism and the prohibition of meat". "Such a person's words and actions are "to persuade good to abstain from evil and to strive to do good". (4) Accepting the Five Teachings of the White Sun in the same way as the Sun of the East is a sign of "certainty in God and the Last Day". This is a manifestation of being "convinced of Allah and the Last Day". It is also a manifestation of being "convinced of Allah and the Last Day" by asking those around you to accept the "sunlight of the East" and to advise others to escape from the evil cave and to stop being "swirlers and saluters, devotees and bowers". "Such people are good people.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 8 January 2018 16:20 18:33 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!











