The True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (199-202) Going to Mecca for Hajj is Wrong
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (199) "Take only the literal meaning" misinterprets the meaning, so ask Allah for forgiveness.
199: "Then form a procession from where the people form a procession, and ask forgiveness of Allah. Indeed, Allah is the Forgiving, the Merciful." (1) "And when you go in procession from the place where the people go in procession, ask Allah for forgiveness" means that you do not see that the preceding phrase "when you go in procession from the Arafat, remember Allah near the forbidden temple" is not the original meaning of Allah, but This is not the original meaning of Allah, but a "test" from Allah. Because you have misinterpreted the meaning of Allah's words "by reading only the letter" and have not understood that it is a "test" of Allah, and that you have really done what is written in the "letter". And if you really do what is "literally" said, "You form a line from where the people form a line", then you become minions of the devil who are tested by Allah. You should pour cold water on your heads to cool your fevered minds, and you should find that the Hajj of Mecca is really meaningless, that you are still yourselves, that you have not improved anything after the Hajj of Mecca, and that you have not distinguished between "You have not been able to remove your sins of ignorance and ignorance, and you are not doing what God wants you to do. (2) Therefore, ask Allah for forgiveness and say to Him: Dear Allah, dear old mother, we were deceived and you deceived us with "falsehoods" because we believed in your words so much that we did not notice your "opposite". "We are ashamed of our ignorance, and we are truly ashamed of our mother's kindness to us. But from today we are awakened, today is the last time we "ask God for forgiveness" and from now on we will never again be blinded by your "word-barrier", we will henceforth be "Christ who has eyes like a flame and a staff of iron". We will henceforth be "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" and will be able to see through not only your "word-barrier" but also any devil "Ibrahim" in disguise, so that all the people of the world will see the devil "Ibrahim" for what he is. "We want you to be proud to have "sons of God" like us.
(3) Indeed, God is the Most Forgiving, the Most Merciful, and the Most Selfish, for God's "Most Forgiving and Merciful" is only given to "Christ, who has eyes like a flame and a rod of iron". It is only when one becomes a "Christ with eyes like a flame and a staff of iron" that one realises what God's "forgiveness and mercy" are. (4) Mortals other than the "sons of God" and devilish minions who "worship God" cannot receive God's "most forgiveness and mercy" because they do not fear God. They fear the devil, Ibrahim, and they do not dare to reveal the true nature of the devil, Ibrahim, because they have not done good deeds, but have only done evil deeds, "wronging themselves and others". They do not have the righteousness to do what is right, but only the wickedness to do what is wrong.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (200) "Remembering Allah" means entering the realm of thoughtlessness
200: "And after the ceremony of Hajj, remember Allah as you remembered your ancestors, or more. Some say: O our Lord! Reward us in this world. He will never be blessed in the Hereafter." (1) If one understands that "form a procession from where the people form a procession, and ask forgiveness of Allah", one will repent and after "asking forgiveness of Allah", one should not participate in the ceremony of performing Hajj You should not participate in the ceremony of performing Hajj after "asking Allah for forgiveness". The fact that you participated in the ceremony of performing Hajj means that you did not "ask Allah for forgiveness". (2) The fact that "after performing the ceremony of Hajj" you have completely forgotten to "ask Allah for forgiveness" shows that you do not know why you should "ask Allah for forgiveness".
(3) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, the King of the earth in our hearts, our "souls" who are "one with Allah". (3) "Allah" is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe and is the King of our hearts and our "souls" who are "one with Allah". To "remember Allah" means to shut down the sense organs, to enter a state of thoughtlessness, to look within ourselves. (4) "After the ceremony of Hajj" remove the scenes of devotional excitement from your minds and meditate (on the remembrance of Allah) and consider what you have improved over "before the ceremony of Hajj". "After the ceremony of Hajj, you have not become a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron", nor can you take out the devil of an "imam". "You do not know where the proof is that the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) is a devil. If you do not have such a mind, you will be ashamed of your ancestors, for you are not in a transcendent state, and none of your ancestors will be elevated to heaven because you have become a Christ, and you will only be "like your ancestors", suffering from the demonic "Ibrahim". You, too, will only be subjected to the demonic "ebbs and flows" of your ancestors, and will then go to hell to serve your sentence. This is why you are reminded to "remember more". This is why you are reminded to "remember more", so that you do not flock to a place like a beast and then return to the same place without improving anything, and continue to be misled and abused by the "imams".
(5) We all have a mission to make this world a paradise on earth, and we have become human beings in this life to fulfil our responsibilities and duties for the building of paradise on earth, and to create wealth for society through our own hard work, not to "beg Allah to reward us in this world" like animals. If "someone says: O our Lord! If someone says, "O our Lord, reward us in this world," this is the devil, "Ibrahim," spreading "ecstasy," and if Muslims do and say what he does, those who obey them will become psychotic. If Muslims do and say what they do and say, those who obey them become psychotic. The person who says such things will serve a long sentence in hell for "slandering Allah and harming the lives of others" and will then become a beast to be killed by a thousand cuts in the world, and will be subjected to the retribution of murder, which is why "he will never be blessed in the Hereafter". This is the reason why "he will never be blessed in the Hereafter".

201. "Some say, "O our Lord! Give us good (life) in this world and good (life) in the Hereafter, and protect us from the punishment of the Fire." (1) This is a way of giving people the idea of getting something for nothing and being extravagant, which is the opposite of an active mission in life to create wealth for society, so it is the devil "Ibrahim" who is spreading "ecstasy". (2) In short, it is the devil who creates all sorts of "laws of action" that magnify people's desires, make them "selfish and narrow-minded, cruel and mean", deny them the courage to do what is right, and obliterate God's "unalloyed truth" that makes them Christ's return to heaven. "Such a person is the devil "Ibrahim". If you have the discerning eye to recognise the devil, you will become "a Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron".

202. "These are the people who will enjoy a portion of the reward for their asking. The reckoning of Allah is divine." (1) People come into the world because of the merits of their ancestors, so some of the devils, "Ibrahim", will enjoy a part of the reward for their requests. (2) When they have cancelled out their "ancestral merits" by their evil deeds, and have no more blessings, then doom will come upon them, for Allah's reckoning is swift.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 1 December 2017 17:05 18:55 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









