The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Families of the Imran (81-82) "The Unity of the Five Faiths" is the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

After the opening of the Last Judgement, the Messenger confirmed that all the classics of the five religions were divided into the same "unbroken path of becoming Christ to the heavens", as stated in the True Exposition of the Qur'an, Chapter 3 (81).
81. "Then God contracted with the prophets and said, "I have rewarded you with the Scriptures and wisdom, and there will come a messenger to confirm all your Scriptures, and you must be sure of him, and you must assist him. He said: Do you acknowledge it? Do you wish to make a treaty with me for this matter? They said: We confess. He said: Then bear witness; and I will bear witness with you." (1) Allah is the "Old Mother" who gave birth to the universe, and all things are the children of Allah. Allah does not belong to a single religion, but to all mankind, and therefore the edification of all mankind is the reward of Allah. (2) The Prophets are Lao Tzu of Taoism, Shakyamuni of Buddhism, Confucius of Confucianism, Jesus of Christianity, and Muhammad of Islam. (3) God has rewarded you all with the teachings of Christ and the wisdom of the return to heaven, and at the time of the Last Judgement, a messenger will come and explain the teachings of your five religions, confirming that all your teachings are divided into one and the same "true way of becoming Christ to heaven The "true path of becoming Christ to heaven". Any scripture that does not speak of the "true and unchangeable way" is not your scripture. You must be convinced of his power, and you must assist him in the exposition of your classics in their original meaning.
(4) This "hereafter a messenger" is written very clearly in the Book of Revelation. When you read the Book of Revelation, you will know what this "hereafter is a messenger" looks like, which nation he is from, and what he will do. (5) This "hereafter messenger" will hold a "wedding feast of the Lamb" and will be from the country of the "land of the rising sun". (6) Revelation 7:2 And I saw another angel coming from the land of the rising sun, bearing the seal of the living God. 12:5 And the woman gave birth to a male child, who would rule the nations with a rod of iron (note: "rule" in the original is "shepherd"). "16:12 And the sixth angel poured out his bowl on the great river Euphrates, and its waters were dried up, to prepare the way for the kings who were coming from the land of the rising sun."
(7) In the spring of 1999, this "later messenger" (boy messenger) first learned the Taoist practice of "internal qi training" (careful worship) and soon attained a state like that of Jesus; after 2010 he studied Buddhism "In 2011 he received the highest degree in Buddhism and became a "Christ with eyes like fire and a rod of iron". Afterwards, he read the Confucian "The Great Learning and the Mean" and understood that Confucius' "knowing the destiny of heaven" is the Buddhist "clearing the mind and seeing the nature" and the Taoist "seeing life as it is and the unity of heaven and man". At the end of December 2016, in Xuanwu Mountain, Hebei Province, the "Baiyang Buddhism of Confucianism, Buddhism, Buddhism and Taoism" was established. (8) In February 2017, we began to expound the Bible, and soon discovered that the Book of Revelation is the core of the Bible, and that the vast amount of scriptures before the Book of Revelation are all "word-barriers" for God, which have not become the realm of Christ, and it is impossible to find the true point of entry. The book of Revelation, Genesis, 1 Samuel and 2 Samuel were expounded verse by verse, and the books of Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy and Matthew were studied. Awareness that the Old Testament is a "counterfactual" in which God is using a "reverse thinking" approach to present "demonic images", "Abraham The Jewish prophets after "Abraham" are all demonic images, "counterfactuals" that cannot be studied, and "living targets and companions" for the achievement of Christ. (9) After completing the exposition of the Bible, he began to expound the Qur'an at the end of September 2017, and found that all he knew was what was in the Bible, and realised that the Bible was written in Muhammad's time, that "Mary" became sacred to Catholicism, and that the Christianity of Jesus was subverted by Catholicism, and that this is the real reason why Muhammad founded This is the real reason why Muhammad founded Islam, and thus Muhammad was the greatest revolutionary who overthrew both Judaism and Christianity. (10) Because of his interpretation of the classics of the five religions, he found many commonalities among them and concluded that the Supreme Spirit (God, Allah) mentioned by the five masters was in fact one and the same, except that the names were different because of the different countries; the words used to depict it were different, but the images were the same.
(11) Because the Messenger of the Hereafter (the boy messenger) had been ordered by God, the believers of the five major religions soon learned of the doctrine of the five religions as expounded by this Messenger of God. The Messenger of the Hereafter (the boy messenger) said to the followers of the five major religions: Do you acknowledge my exposition of the five religions? I have explained all that you know and all that you do not know, so compare it with your research. If you were truly "versed in one religion", you would have found the common denominator of the five religions. The fact that you have not discovered the common denominator of the five religions means that you are not "well versed in one religion". Your inability to distinguish between the truth and falsehood of a religion means that you have gone astray.
(12) The Messenger of the Hereafter (the Boy Messenger), by the divine command of God, announced to the world that the age of the single religions had completed their historical mission and would come to an end on 21 December 2012, the "end of the world", and that a new and unprecedented age would come to an end. A new and unprecedented era is about to begin. The world of the 21st century is no longer the budding state it was a thousand or two years ago. The information age today requires a new religion to raise the spiritual level of modern man. To learn from the "single religion" of a thousand or two years ago is to go to the extremes of the modern world, a regression due to ignorance, and not to raise the spiritual level at all. The modern, highly civilised, international, global village needs a new religion of "five religions in one" to raise spirituality and to reflect the progress of human society. (13) Any religious person who does not practise the "Five Religions of the One White Sun Buddhism" after the 21st century cannot become a Christian and cannot return to heaven. Only those who practise the Five Religions of the Bhaisang Dharma can become Christ and return to God after completing their mission. The "Five Religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam" are the only true paths that will enable one to become a Christ and return to heaven after the "end of the world".
(14) The "White Sun Buddhism of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Ye Hui, and the Five Religions", which will be practised in the world by the Chinese Middle Heavenly Church, is the only way for modern human souls to see their souls, and is known in China as the "Three Phases of the Long Hua Meeting", which is the "Wedding Feast of the Lamb" in the Book of Revelation. "The Wedding Feast of the Lamb". The "White Sun Buddhism of the Five Religions" was launched in China in 2015, the Chinese Lunar Year of the Sheep. The theory of the unification of the soul and the spirit, like the marriage of a man and a woman, is called "the wedding feast of the lamb" because it is held uniformly throughout the world.
(15) Greetings, religious people of the post-21st century world. I am the "hereafter's messenger", the "boy" messenger of the Book of Revelation, because I am less than 160 cm tall, just like a "boy". Are you willing to contract with me for this? If you read my interpretation of the Book of Revelation, the Book of Genesis, and the Qur'an, will you accept my "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam, and the five religions of the White Sun Buddhism"? If you are willing to accept it, then you have made a contract with me. If you continue to carry on your single religion and do not accept the "Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and the Five Religions", then you are not in agreement with me. Allah will give you time to consider it and will give you the Book of Revelation, the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an, which I have interpreted. (16) The religious people of the world after the twenty-first century, they say: We have acknowledged China's holding of the "marriage supper of the Lamb". We will receive the "sunshine of the East".

82. "After this, everyone who forsakes the covenant is a sinner." (1) After the 21st century, anyone who reneges on his covenant and does not practise the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Islam and Islam, is not approved by God and is a devil who has disobeyed His holy command. (2) Those who ignore the Chinese interpretation of the Qur'an, who do not accept the new teachings of the Qur'an, who do not practise the "five religions of the Bhairan", and who continue to believe in a single religion, are all devils against God's holy command and are guilty of "slandering God and harming the lives of others. The sinners who are guilty of "slandering Allah and harming people's wisdom".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 27 December 2017 15:03 18:47 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









