The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1, The Yellow Cow (87-100) The Jewish "prophets" are all incarnations of Satan and the Devil
Taishan Taoist Understanding of Religion

Taishan Taoist Understanding of Religion
The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (87-100) The "Prophets" of Judaism are all incarnations of Satan and the Devil

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (87) The Jewish "prophets" of the Old Testament are all incarnations of Satan
87. "Indeed, We gave the Scripture to Musa and continued to send many messengers after him, and We gave many clear proofs to the son of Mary, and supported him with the Spirit. Do you always presume whenever a messenger brings you something which your selfishness does not like? A part of the messenger, you deny; a part of the messenger, you kill." (1) "Musa" is a transliteration of the Arabic word (Meisah), which is called "Moses" in the Christian Old Testament. (2) God did reward Musa with parts of the Old Testament and continued to send many messengers to Judaism after him to write the Old Testament, and the scriptures are very clear that Musa and all the Jewish priests after him were the embodiment of Satan, a "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel, mean-spirited" lying and deceitful demon. They were dictators of "church and state". If you don't understand the meaning of the scriptures, if you take them as "straightforward" and if you practice them as if they were true, then you are the devil! If you do not understand the meaning of the scriptures, if you understand them as if they were "plain" and if you practice them as if they were true, then you will become an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim". (3) "Ursa the son of Mary" is Jesus, the son of Mary. Allah helped Jesus to become the Christ by His Spirit, and He revealed the true nature of the "Son of God" by calling the Jewish priests "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", and finally by being crucified. (3) The many "clear proofs" that Judaism is a demonic group that harms people, that "Musa" was the first incarnation of Satan and the spokesman for Satan. (4) Today's Christianity does not regard Judaism as the devilish group that killed Jesus. Instead of exposing Judaism as a devilish group, Christians are practising the Jewish Old Testament, which means that Judaizers have come into Christianity and Christians have become Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, which means that Christianity has existed in name only for a long time. The New Testament was also compiled by Judaizers in the guise of Christianity, and many of the passages in the New Testament are in the tone and presentation of the Old Testament. Only the New Testament The Book of Revelation has not been tampered with, and no one in Christianity really understands the Book of Revelation, because they Christians are all Judaizers under the guise of Christianity.
(5) The Middle Kingdom Church overthrows existing Christianity and describes existing Christianity as dominated by Judaizers under the guise of Christianity, because none of the Christians today have the words and deeds of Jesus. The Middle Ages teach that the Jewish prophets of the Old Testament are all "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel, mean-spirited", lying and deceitful incarnations of Satan, the devil, and dictators of "church and state". This is not something that Muslims can compliment, nor can they agree with, because such thinking is a reversal of Muslim perceptions of Christianity, as no Muslim has ever made such "revolutionary" statements. The interpretation of the Qur'an by the Middle Kingdom also dazzled and frightened the Muslims, who, under the dominance of human inertia, "disliked" the True Exposition of Genesis, the True Exposition of the Book of Revelation and the True Exposition of the Qur'an, because they did not want to give up the knowledge they had inherited for over a thousand years and become The idea of becoming a "servant of God" is so deeply rooted in the hearts of Muslims that if they were to become "saints with God" they would not dare to accept it, just as a peasant would not dare to accept a throne that he had longed for, when it suddenly became a reality. It is the same mentality. Of course, the Messenger of God is the Messenger of the Prophet, and if he had not been the Messenger of God, he would not have been able to interpret the Qur'an. In the face of the "revolutionary" statements of the Messenger of God, the Muslims did not accept the new ideas positively, but showed a "selfish, narrow-minded" mentality, revealing their despicable "selfishness "This shows that they are all "arrogant, irredeemable, old-fashioned" lackeys. Greetings, Muslims! Are you always presumptuous whenever the Messenger brings you something that your selfishness does not like? (6) The Middle Heavenly Church is not the only religious revolutionary, but the one who has the greatest power to bring things to a successful conclusion, because it is after the "end of the world" and the time of the "Last Judgement". The subversive statements of some of the messengers of history were denied by your devilish group led by Ibrahim, and some of the messengers were killed by your devilish group under the guise of Allah. This is because the "end of the world", which will not come on 21 December 2012, is in the "Age of Magic", which is dominated by demonic kings. Those messengers who were killed by you were on the same mission as Jesus, and they all fulfilled their mission and returned to Paradise as if they had died.

88. "They said, "Our hearts are deluded." Otherwise, Allah has forsaken them for their disbelief, so their faith is little." : (1) "The hearts are deluded" because they do not accept subversive speech, because they are presumptuous, false, deadly foolish and irredeemable. (2) When we look at the history of mankind, there is no time like today. There is no excuse for "our minds being deceived" now that public wisdom has been opened up and everyone is in a position to "hear one thing and know another". (3) Before the advent of the information age, it seemed permissible for "our minds to be deceived" because of the closedness of information. Now that the world has entered the era of the global village and the conditions are in place to allow "our hearts to remain unclouded", if you no longer believe in the "unchanging truth" revealed by the Messenger of God and do not accept the message of the Messenger of God, then you will not be able to accept it. If you do not believe in the truth as revealed by the Messenger of Allah and do not accept it, and if Allah rejects them for their disbelief, then you will have nothing to say in Hell. (4) Not to have understood a religion in their lifetime and not to have discovered the common denominator of religions shows that they are narrow-minded, short-sighted and mean, and that they have little faith. (5) Those who have not entered a religion and then come out of it in style; those who have become "servants of God in worship" and do not find anything wrong with it, who have not learned what they need from other religions, and who do not even accept the teachings of other religions, let alone make up for their shortcomings, are "frogs in the well". Such "frogs in the well" will surely be rejected by God because they "do not believe in the Word or in the Unseen Truth". The fact that they have so little faith is an inevitable consequence of their "selfish and narrow-minded" demons.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (89), states that to become a Christ is to be restored to the "true nature of God".
89. "And when a book confirms all their books, and comes down to them from Allah, (they disbelieve in it). They used to pray, hoping to overcome the disbelievers by it, but when the truth, which they already knew, came to them, they disbelieved in it. So the rejection of Allah is upon the disbelievers." (1) Because there is Allah and 'Ibrahim, there is truth and falsehood in the classics. Because people are in different situations, there are situations where there are differences in their understanding of the same classic. (2) When you can truly interpret a classic, you will be able to verify the authenticity of all of them. If you cannot truly expound a classic, you cannot discern the authenticity of all of them. The basis of true interpretation of a classic is to know that God does not want our "devotional worship" at all, but rather to reveal our true nature as "one with God", and anything that is not related to revealing our true nature as "one with God". "Anything that is not related to the manifestation of our true nature is not the teaching of God, but the teaching of the devil, Ibrahim. Such an ideology is "the ideology of the One and Only". This "unique ideology" is called the "iron sceptre" in the New Testament Book of Revelation. Whoever has this "unique consciousness of the righteousness of the law" is the Christ who has the "iron sceptre". (3) Whoever has the "unique consciousness of the righteousness of the law" and becomes the Christ who has the "iron sceptre" can truly interpret a classic and can confirm the original meaning and authenticity of all their classics. (4) The time when the "true and unique mind" appears in the religious world is when the Messenger of God descends from heaven to the world to teach them the way back to heaven. (5) The "One and Only Righteousness", also known as the "Unalloyed Righteousness", is the way to become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans, and who has been given a rod of iron This is the way to become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans and has the iron sceptre", and the way to restore "the true nature of God". This "infallible method" will not be accepted by the devils, the "Ibrahim", who do not believe in it, because they are the ones who make people the opposite of "servants of Allah who worship piously".
(6) In the old days, they used to pray, hoping to overcome the doubts of those who did not believe in Allah's righteousness by means of prayer, so that they would become believers and thus achieve the goal of promoting Islam. The truth is that prayer has proved to be a delusion, a farce that allows believers to deceive themselves and others, a way for Muslims to believe in the devil's way of Ibrahim as if it were the true way of God, and a way of promoting Islam. (7) The Muslims "have been taught to believe in the devil's way of life" in the guise of promoting Islam. (7) The Muslims' "truths which they have come to know" are in the Qur'an, but for more than a thousand years no Muslim has really revealed the true meaning of the Qur'an, because none of them has the "unique consciousness of the righteousness of the law" and none of them has become "It was their highest belief to be "servants of God in worship" when the Islamic world saw the true interpretation of the Qur'an in the Middle Kingdom, "when the truth which they had already known When the world of Islam saw the True Exposition of the Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom, "when the truth which they had already known was revealed to them as Muslims", for a period of time they disbelieved in it because it reversed their millennium-old heritage and they did not want to change their present situation to bring about a religious revolution, which meant that their inertia prevailed over their reason and the vast majority of them became "disbelievers", while only a few Only a few open-minded and wise people accepted the Qur'an. The Islamic world witnessed a religious revolution, when God's rejection of the disbelievers and the elimination of the stubbornly old-fashioned people was a natural consequence of the "natural selection of the fittest" and the progress of human society.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (90), is an indication that God has sent down His bounty to the Chinese religion of the Middle Kingdom.
90. "And they were jealous because Allah had sent down His bounty to His intended servants, so they disbelieved in what Allah had sent down; and they betrayed themselves for it, and the price they received for it was terrible. Therefore they shall be doubly enraged. And those who disbelieve will be punished with disgrace." : (1) The people of the Islamic world looked at the True Exposition of the Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom and were shocked to find that all the teachings of the Qur'an that they had needed had actually been revealed to the whole Islamic world. They were jealous of the fact that God had bestowed His grace of expounding the Qur'an on the Chinese and had made the Chinese people successful, and they did not believe in the Qur'an as God had revealed it. (2) Knowing that the interpretation of the Qur'an is what they need, they reject the Chinese religion because it is foreign and not of their nationality, revealing their "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel and mean" mentality, for which they have They have sold their conscience, their conscience, and the price they have paid is the amplification of their inferiority resulting from their inability to distinguish between the true and the false, and to suffer the retribution of their sins. (3) They in the Islamic world deserve the wrath of God doubly for their blind xenophobia and rejection of advice from the point of view of their nations. (4) The truths of God are revealed in the Qur'an, and those who do not accept the teachings of the Qur'an are disbelievers and will be punished with humiliation in this world and in the Hereafter.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (91) The True Qur'an is the bounty of God to the world of Islam
91. "It was said to them: Believe in what Allah has sent down to you. Then they said, "We believe in what we have been revealed. And they disbelieve in the Scripture after this, which is in fact true and confirms all their Scriptures. Say: If you are believers, why did you kill the prophets before?" : (1) After the appearance of the True Qur'an, the people of the Islamic world lost their psychological balance, and they loved and hated the True Qur'an in addition to being jealous of the religion of the Middle Heaven. Those who are sober and wise say to them: Believe in what Allah has sent down to you. The fact that Allah has not sent down His bounty to the Islamic world shows that the Islamic world is lacking and deficient, and that the religion of the Middle Kingdom is better than the Islamic world, and that the Islamic world should learn from the religion of the Middle Kingdom with an open mind, as Allah desires. The fact that Allah did not send His favours to the Islamic world was a "test" for the Islamic world to see how many Muslims there were in the Islamic world who were humble and open-minded, and to see how many good children of Allah there were. (2) Before 1949, God did not grant His favours to China, but left it to be divided up by the world powers, and after the Opium War in 1840, China became the largest "semi-colonial country". The fact that the Chinese elite used Marx's Communist Manifesto as their weapon to "overthrow the old society and build a new China" and that today China is a world power shows that the Chinese people do not have a tradition of blind xenophobia and that they have always had the broad-mindedness and tolerance to "take the good and make up for the bad". "This shows that the Chinese people have always had a broad mind and a wise and sensible heart. If the Islamic world resists the True Explanation of the Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom, it shows that the realm of the Arabs and the Chinese is totally incomparable. Muslims, please pull yourselves together.
(3) And the people of the Islamic world they say: We believe in what was revealed to us in the Islamic world in ancient times. They do not believe in the classics that have been interpreted since then, they do not believe in the classics that are being interpreted today, they are letting the ancients dominate the present, they are letting their own ignorant ancient scriptures dominate the minds of the present; that is, they would rather not understand and go on guessing than to accept a well-organised insight. This means that their selfish and narrow-minded nationalism is at work, that their "knowledge barrier" is deep-rooted and unbreakable, and that they are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim", who is against God. In fact, after the death of Muhammad, Islam has been controlled by the devil, Ibrahim, and the True Qur'an has broken the devil's misinterpretation of the Qur'an, and only the devil can oppose the rejection of the True Qur'an. "(4) The fact that the ancients did not have mobile phones, computers or cars and planes means that they were the first stage of mankind. Today's modern people interpret the ancient scriptures, which is a sign of progress in the development of human society. Not accepting today's interpretation is like rejecting the use of mobile phones and computers and not using cars and planes, which is backward and regressive in the extreme. Wise Muslims know that the True Exposition of the Qur'an will certainly bring about a religious revolution in the Islamic world, and that the True Exposition of the Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom is a manifestation of God's bounty to the Islamic world, and whoever rejects the True Exposition of the Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom is refusing to accept God's bounty.
(5) In fact, the True Qur'an is true and reveals what Muhammad did not say, so that the Islamic world has a clear way of becoming "an infallible saint with God", and this "infallible scripture" confirms the truth of the Qur'an. All their scriptures are true or false. Previously, Muslims did not have a sense of what was true or false, nor did they have a yardstick to distinguish between the true and false. With this yardstick, Muslims have become "Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, and a rod of iron", which is an unprecedented upgrade and revolution for the Islamic world. The True Exposition of the Qur'an, which contains not only Islamic but also Christian teachings revealed in the Middle Kingdom, corrects a thousand years of misrepresentation in the Islamic world, and is a manifestation of God's bounty to the Islamic world.
(6) Because there is God and the devil "Ibrahim", there are two kinds of prophets who preach, those who make their followers true prophets of Christ (the Son of God, the Holy One who is not different from God), and those who make their followers "servants of God in worship". The other is the false prophet who makes his followers "servants of God in worship". (7) Those who make their followers "servants of God in worship", "sacrifice, sing hymns and prayers, do charity", etc., are those who do not make their followers Christ (the Son of God, the Holy One who is one with God), and such people are "They are all incarnations of the devil "Ibrahim" in the guise of God. 让教徒践行成为 "与真主不二圣人的不二正法"，知道什么是 "真经与伪经、正法与魔法"，以成为 "眼目如同火焰、口中有两刃剑、脚像光明铜、恨恶尼哥拉 The doctrine of being "a Christ with eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, hating Nicolas, and having a rod of iron" is the doctrine of the "true prophet". (8) If we know what "true prophets and false prophets" are, we will know which "prophets" were killed. If you do not know what the true prophets and false prophets are, you do not know which of the prophets are killed. If you Jews are believers in the way of God, why did you kill Jesus, the "true prophet"? It was because Jesus saw through the Jewish group's trick of abusing the believers, and Jesus called the Jewish group "hypocritical scribes and blind leaders", which caused panic in Judaism, so the Jewish group crucified Jesus, and this was the killing of the "true prophet" by the devil's group. ". Judaism and other sects do not reveal the true nature of the devil's group, but make their followers "servants of the devout worshippers of God and shepherds of the lambs", because they do not reveal the words and deeds of the evil one, nor do they prove that they are righteous. He who reveals the true nature of the devil's group is the "true prophet" killing the "false prophets". Failure to kill the false prophets means that he is not a true prophet. "The true prophet is proved by the killing of the false prophets.

(92) A careful reading of the Old Testament will show that the Jewish "prophets" are all lying, deceitful incarnations of Satan
92. "Indeed, Musa has shown you many clear proofs, and after he has left you, you recognize the calf as a god, and you are unrighteous." (1) A careful reading of the Old Testament will show that the Jewish priests in the Old Testament are ugly images of the lying, deceitful incarnation of Satan, which is God's teaching material for us to know the true nature of the devil and is indispensable for us to become Christ (the Son of God). From Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, the ancestors of Musa in the Book of Genesis, to Musa in the Book of Exodus, they are all ugly images of the lying, deceitful incarnation of Satan. By his words and deeds, God has indeed revealed to you many clear proofs that he is "Satan incarnate". (2) The fact that you recognize the calf as a god after he has left you does not mean that you are unrighteous, but that you are all disgusted with Mussar, a deceiver in the guise of God, that people are rebelling against Mussar's dictatorship, and that the Jewish people are in a state of "secularism". This means that the Jewish system of "church and state" is unpopular. If Musa had been a righteous and good man who had convinced everyone and had been a popularly elected king, the situation would never have arisen that "after he had left you, you recognized him as a god". (3) "After he has left you, you recognize the calf as a god" shows the need for religious pluralism, for broadening of horizons and for wisdom. Being in one religion for a long time can be dull and depressing. The use of multiple forms to express a central theme makes it seem lively. This is why, after the "end of the world", the "five religions of the Chinese Baiyang Buddhism" have become the mainstream of world religions. (4) We should not just look at the scriptures and follow them blindly because of Allah's "textual barriers". If you stick to the surface of the text and believe in it without thinking about it, you will be tested and will become a devil who reads dead scriptures. It also means that you have "entered the religion" and not "left it", and you have become a slave in the devil's cave. You have become a pure devil, "Ibrahim", when you tell others about the misinterpreted verses and mislead them to hell.

(93) "Musa's" satanic words and deeds lead to the "love of the calf"
93. "Then We made a treaty with you and set a mountain above you, and said: Hold fast to what We have given you, and listen to it. And they said, We listened but did not obey. They do not believe, so the love of the calf has saturated their hearts. Say: If you are believers, then the true evil which your faith has commanded you!" (1) God's covenant with you is found in the Old Testament in Genesis: "1:29 And God said, Behold! I will give you food from every vegetable that bears seed on the earth, and from every tree that bears the fruit of the kernel": this is God's "commandment to kill". This is God's "commandment" to "forbid the eating of meat". This is God's "commandment and express rule" to "eat vegetarianism". Those who do not take this statement seriously and make excuses for their "breaking the commandment to kill" are the devil incarnate. He who kills an animal for God's sacrifice, whatever his title, is the devil slandering, abusing and mocking God, who "does not eat meat, does not kill and is a vegetarian". Do you understand? Muslims. (2) God's covenant with you is in the Old Testament, Genesis: "4:15 And the LORD said to him, "Whoever kills Cain will be rewarded sevenfold. And the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest any man should meet him and kill him": "He who kills Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold", because "Cain took the produce of the land and offered it to the LORD", and also killed The brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep" shows that Yahweh rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis. It also shows that anyone who kills someone who takes "the flesh of an animal and sacrifices it" to Yahweh will be protected by Yahweh in a focused way. Understand? Muslims.
(3) Allah has "set up mountains above you" to show that although mankind is the owner of the earth, he is low, small and ignorant. What Allah means by this statement is that mankind should become a giant standing on top of the mountains by climbing boldly and constantly accumulating insight. Mankind should tread the tall mountains under their feet through their efforts. This means that man should not be inert, but should be motivated, absorb new knowledge, and make himself a giant; he should never have "knowledge barriers" and should never reject the kind advice of the strong.
(4) Allah "says: hold fast to what I have given you and listen to it". This means that you are not wise enough to stand up for the truth, that you do not dare to argue with those who misinterpret the scriptures, and that you have indulged yourselves and made the devil powerful. The reason why the religion of the Middle Kingdom overthrew all the existing religions is that it did so in accordance with the teachings of God. Without the original teachings of Allah's classics, there would have been no basis or condition for the overthrow of all religions in the Middle Kingdom. (5) "They said: We listened but did not obey" because they did not believe in Musa, and the ugly character of Musa could not make people believe in " (6) It is not that they do not believe in Musa. (6) It is not that they do not believe in the unbroken vacuum of Allah, it is because of the "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel and mean" character of the dictator, "Musa", that they cannot believe in him. The words and actions of "Musa" tarnished the image of God's justice and integrity in the hearts of the people. So giving the people a "love of the calf" shows that the yearning for a religious revolution has infiltrated their hearts. (7) You say: If you are true believers in God, then the words and deeds that your faith commands you to "kill animals for sacrifice" are a real abomination of life, which shows that you are not true believers in God, but devilish "Ibrahim" in the guise of believers in God. 94.

94. "Say: If the Hereafter's house in Allah is yours to keep and no one else to share, then, if you are honest, wish for an early death!" (1) When people saw the "selfish, narrow-minded, cruel and mean" words and deeds of the dictator Musa, they had many doubts and disbeliefs about Musa's God. (2) You, who are wise, said to the Prophet of Judaism: If the Hereafter's peace and security in Allah is the property of you, the Prophet of Judaism, and no one other than the Prophet is allowed to share it, then if you do not share it with the Prophet of Judaism, then if you do not share it with the Prophet of Judaism, then you are not allowed to share it with the Prophet of Judaism. Then, if you are honest, you should wish to die early so that you can go there and enjoy it.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (93) "The unrighteous" are the teaching materials and living targets for us to become Christ
95. "And because they have sinned, they do not wish to die early. Allah is all-knowing of the unrighteous." (1) The "prophets" of the religious world are all criminals who have sinned because of their desire for personal "sense organ enjoyment", and they are all devilish "Ibrahim" who promote the teaching of the devil as the teaching of Allah. "(2) Let us look at the religious world. (2) When we look at the "prophets" of the religious world, we see that they are all high and mighty, acting as "spokesmen for Allah", but in fact they are all criminals who have committed crimes in the name of Allah and are notoriously unrighteous. Allah is all-knowing of the unrighteous, and He has allowed them to exist in all ages so that everyone may know what is "false, ugly and good". (3) Without these "men of iniquity" in all their forms, no one would know what is "false, ugly and good". The "unrighteous" in the religious world are all incarnations of the devil's "Ibs", teaching tools for us to know right from wrong, teaching materials and living targets for us to become Christ.

96. "You will find them more covetous of life than the world, and more covetous of life than those who are worthy of their Lord; and every one of them would like to live a thousand years, but even if they live long enough, they will not be spared the punishment. And Allah is Aware of what they do." (1) If you are a careful person, you will find that these so-called "noble prophets" are even more greedy for life than the ordinary people of the world, and they are all trying to get themselves into possession of "fame, power, money, women" etc. in the name of Allah, to satisfy their (2) Moreover, they are more greedy than those who are not. (2) Moreover, they are even more greedy than the animals that are assigned to their masters in the form of animals for their entertainment, and they do not have the courage to die as they did to reveal the true nature of the devil as Jesus did, nor do they have the courage to die in martyrdom, which is an ugly cover for his vile and shameless words and deeds. In their eyes, it was only right to be a "servant of God" for life. One cannot be a Christ like Jesus, nor can one be a "saint like God". (3) The "prophets" of the religious world, each one of them, were greedy for luxury, desirous of power, and dictatorial in their mentality. They all wanted to live a thousand years, and were willing to spend a great deal of money to maintain their bodies in order to live a hundred years. But even though they enjoyed a long life, they were not exempt from punishment. This is because they have sold their own souls and, under the guise of Allah, have promoted the teachings of the devil, "Ibrahim", and have led believers in Allah to hell. (4) Allah, the invisible, omnipresent and omniscient deity, is aware of the actions of these "prophets".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (97) "Jibril" can be an angel or a true "prophet" of the world
97. Say: "Whoever hates Jibril, it is because he has sent down revelations on your hearts by the command of Allah to confirm the ancient scriptures, to guide the world, and to give glad tidings to the believers. (1) Jibril One of the famous angels recorded in the Qur'an. 又译 "吉卜利里、直布勒来 "等，是阿拉伯语音译，亦称 "哲卜拉伊勒"(Jabra'il)。 The interpretation of the phrase "whose exclusive mission is to convey the revelations of Allah to the prophets" is derived from the devil "Ibrahim". Those who need angels to convey Allah's revelations are ordinary people, not "prophets" at all. Those who know Allah's revelation without any angel conveying it to them are the true "prophets". (2) A "Jibreel" can be an angel or a true "prophet" in the world, because a true "prophet" is one who is connected to (2) A "Jibril" can be an angel or a true "prophet" of the world, for a true "prophet" is an angel in the same realm as a "Jibril. (3) Anyone who hates Jibreel is an incarnation of the devil "Ibrahim", who is against God. (4) The revelation of God in your heart means that you have attained the state of Christ (the Son of God). If you have not reached the level of Christ (the Son of God), even if the revelation of God comes to your heart, it will fall off on its own, because you are not at the level of your heart to receive it. Understand? Muslim. (5) When Allah's revelation comes to your heart, you become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright bronze, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron". If you do not become a "Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has the iron rod" until you die, then the revelation of God has not come to your heart, and you have become a servant of the devil, "Ibrahim", who has taken the devil for his father. "You are a minion of the devil. Understand? Muslim.
(6) Becoming a "servant of Allah in devotion" does not "confirm that the Qur'an is a true scripture that will bring one to heaven, but only "confirms that the Qur'an is a scripture that makes one a It only "confirms" that the Qur'an is a false scripture that makes people "servants and minions". It is only when Muslims become "the Christ who has eyes like fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans and has a rod of iron" that the Qur'an can be "confirmed" as the true scripture that will bring people back to heaven. (7) The Centrist interpretation of the Qur'an "confirms that the Qur'an is the true scripture that will bring people back to heaven" with subversive words and deeds that shock the Islamic world, lead the world to practice the Qur'an correctly, and announce to the believers that they have encountered the true scripture. The appearance of the True Qur'an shows that the religion of the Middle Kingdom has been commanded by God to expound the true meaning of the Qur'an and to send down the revelation of God on your hearts, and whoever hates the True Qur'an of the Middle Kingdom out of jealousy is also "a hater of Jibreel", for the religion of the Middle Kingdom is the same as "Jibreel". The mission of the Qur'an is the same as that of the Jibreel.

(98) Anyone who wants to be a "servant of God in worship" and does not become a "holy person with God" is a disbeliever.
98. "And whoever hates Allah, the gods, the messengers, and the Jibreel and the Mikali, know that Allah hates the disbelievers." (1) "Mikkari" is a transliteration of the Arabic word Michael or Mîchaël (Hebrew: יכאל Micha'el or Mîkhā'ēl; Latin: Michael or Míchaël). Revelation 12:7 And there was a battle in heaven. Michael and his messengers fought against the dragon, and the dragon went to war with his messengers": the name "Michael" means "who is like the Lord of heaven". He who brings forth all things and has the power to maintain the order of peace and inviolability is the "God of Heaven". Whoever upholds the rule of peace and inviolability, whoever is brave and courageous, whoever is narrow-minded and able to do justice, whoever is able to promote righteousness and justice, whoever is able to sacrifice life and death to eliminate violence, "is like the Lord of Heaven", and he is the personification of Michael. "Michael" will give him strength. All those who love peace, who defend peace, who resist aggression and oppression, who defend independence and freedom, who belong to the side of justice, are "Michael and his messengers", the "teachers of justice", the "teachers of justice". (2) "Michael and his messengers" are the "teachers of justice", the "soldiers of justice", the soldiers of heaven who subdue the demons. (2) "Michael" is the Christ who, like Jesus, exposed the prophets of Judaism as "hypocritical scribes and blind guides". Jesus, who overthrew the demonic group of Judaism, was the personification of the "Mikael". The religious revolutionaries around us, like Jesus, are the embodiment of the "Mishkali". (3) To make Muslims "saints with God" (Christ) is God's "infallible truth". To make a person a "servant of Allah in worship" and not to make him a "saint like Allah" (Christ) at all is the devil's "Ibrahim" preaching in the name of Allah. This is the devil's indoctrination in the guise of Allah, a "false way" and "devil's way" that is the opposite of Allah's "unalloyed truth". (4) Those who make people "servants of God in worship" and do not make them "saints with God" (Christ) at all are "haters of God, the gods, the messengers, and the "devils" of Jibreel and Mikali. Such a person is the embodiment of the "devil" Ibrahim, who hates God, the gods, the messengers, and Jibreel and Mikali. (5) Those who only want to be "servants of God in worship" and do not want or dare to think of becoming "saints with God" (Christ) are "disbelievers". Such people are the "disbelievers", the "disbelievers in the truth of Allah", the fools who take the devil's devilish ways for the truth of Allah, and the incarnation of the devil's "Ibrahim" under the guise of Allah. (6) Muslims, be aware that Allah hates the disbelievers. Have you, a Muslim, been hated by Allah?

(97) Many of the obvious signs that Allah has sent down to you have been erased and covered up by "Ibrahim".
99. "Indeed, We have sent down to you many obvious signs, and only the sinners disbelieve in them." (1) Although Allah has used many "metaphors and antitheses" and other unexpected literary devices, He has not used all of them, but has indeed sent you many obvious signs to illustrate the rule and the truth, as long as you are a sane and sober person and not a blind follower of blind faith. If you are a sane person and not a blind slave, you will be able to see where Allah has used metaphors and antitheses in literature. (2) For example, Allah mentions earlier ("34. But Ibrahim refused, and he was arrogant, and he was a disbeliever.") (2) For example, Allah mentions once the devil "Ibrahim" who does not believe, indicating that there are all kinds of devils around us, but you are not "Christ who has eyes like a flame You are not "Christ with eyes like a flame", so you cannot see them. And the fact that God has said many times "those who believe and those who disbelieve" means that the devil "Ibrahim" is all around us, but you are not "Christ with eyes like a flame", so you cannot see it. You cannot see it. (3) The Qur'an contains many verses of the Bible, but do you know the cause of Jesus' death? Do you know what Christ is? The sign of Christ has been written very clearly in the Book of Revelation, have you memorised it in your mind? Do you know it? Allah has deliberately mixed a vast number of verses in order to conceal the essence of the Scriptures, a "test" to see if you are attentive. Indeed, Allah has sent you many obvious signs to illustrate the rules and truths, but you have taken up too much time with "devotional worship" to understand the verses properly. (4) The fact that you do not see that Allah has indeed sent you many clear signs means that you have not become a Christ like Jesus, and that you have been misled, and that you will certainly be unaware of the magic of the "Ibrahim" and become a sinner for passing on magic in the name of Allah. (5) It is true that God has sent you many clear signs, but there are always those who do not believe in them and misinterpret them, because there are many "Ibrahim" and the Church group is full of "Ibrahim" people, who have no choice but to erase the truth, fool the public and cover up their lies in order to maintain their reputation. (6) You have not become an "ecclesiastic". (6) You have not become a "Christ with eyes like a flame", you do not know what it is to be a sinner who misinterprets the "visible signs" of God, you have a "unique consciousness of righteousness", you have "righteousness and magic". "You will find the "Ibrahim" around you, and you will find the "Ibrahim" who not only do not believe in the "visible signs" of Allah, but who also use falsehoods. You will find that not only do they disbelieve in the "obvious signs" of Allah, but they also use falsehood to cover up the "obvious signs" of Allah, so that they are all sinners hated by Allah.

100. "Whenever they enter into a covenant, do not some of them forsake it? Otherwise, most of them are disbelievers." (1) "Covenant" means an ancient oath or clause or agreement made in alliance. The "rules and commandments" of the religious people are the "covenant" between God and the believers. To "enter into a covenant" literally means to lay down a "rule or commandment", but in reality it is "to enter into one of the covenants". No eating meat, no stealing, no lewdness, no lying, no drinking - these are the "five rules of the covenant" that religious people make with God, also known as the "five commandments and five prohibitions". (2) Whenever Muslims "violate" one of these covenants, should not some of them be abandoned for adhering to the truth, exposed as "Ibrahim", and made to repent and change their ways? (3) No, but this is not the case. Muslims have broken the covenant, and no one makes them repent and change their sins, but rather ignores them, which means that most of them are "Ibrahim" who do not believe in God and do not believe in the truth.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 12 October 2017 09:00 15 to 18 days out for four days. 21 11:45 pm Edited by Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









