The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 1, The Yellow Cow (140-141) Jesus became a "righteous man who takes death as his own"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (140) Jesus was a "righteous man who took to his death"
140. "Have you said: Ibrahim, Ishmael, Ishag, Yerushalayim, and the tribes, are all Jews, or Christians? Say: Are you more knowledgeable? Or is Allah more knowledgeable? Who is more unrighteous than he who has in his own hand the proofs from Allah, and hides them? Allah will never overlook your deeds." (1) "Ibrahim" is the "Abraham" of the Book of Genesis. (2) In Genesis 16-21, it is written that Hagar, an Egyptian maid belonging to Sarai, was given to her husband Abraham as a concubine because Sarai was barren and gave birth to a son named "Ishmael" (Ishmael). "Abraham" (Ibrahim) listened to his wife and the devil in the guise of Yahweh and hastily expelled "Ishmael" and her son from the house. (3) "Ishaq", also known as "Ishaq", is the Arabic word for "Isaac" in the book of Genesis, and is "He was the second son of Ibrahim, the brother of Ishmael (الإسماعيلي). (4) "Ya'qub" is the Arabic transliteration of "Ya'qub", another translation of "Ya'qub", the Jacob of the Book of Genesis, who is The grandson of "Ibrahim" (Abraham) and son of "Ishaq" (Isaac). (5) Ibrahim, Ishmael, Ishag, Yirgulbai and the tribes are all "prophets of Judaism" in the Jewish faith, the earliest "prophets" of Judaism, not Christians. (6) The question "Are Ibrahim, Ismaili, Ishaq, Yairqubai and the tribes Jewish or Christian?" is a test of Muslim knowledge and a rhetorical question of what you Muslims still know about "Judaism and Christianity". Do you Muslims know what "Judaism and Christianity" are? Do any of you Muslims know that "Judaism" is a devilish group overthrown by "Christianity"? (7) The fact that you really regard this muddlehead as a "prophet" just because the book of Genesis contains the title of prophet given by Yahweh to "Abraham" shows that you have not understood the Scriptures at all and that you are the same as "Abraham". (8) Where is Allah?
(8) Where is Allah? Allah is in Paradise, even if He is the most knowledgeable, but who can come to Him and listen to Him? To express the insight of the mind in words, to express what one knows through words, is knowledge. To know the existence of all things in the universe is knowledge. Allah is invisible to the naked eye and is speechless, and Allah carries the display of His teachings through words. If there are no words to show Allah's teachings, it means that Allah has no knowledge. Although one has received a copy of Allah's text, one does not really have knowledge of Allah, because one cannot understand the text correctly, because Allah has used many "metaphors, refrains" and other expressions in the text. (9) Our ignorance means that Allah has no knowledge, and that He has not spread knowledge enough. The fact that Allah has the classics shows that He has knowledge. The fact that we have read the Scriptures and have not become Christ means that we have not understood them, that we do not have knowledge, that we are not advanced enough to understand them, and that we lack a master like Christ.
(10) You have interpreted the Book of Revelation to become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, who hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron", which means that you yourself have in your hands the evidence of what has been revealed from God. You do not understand the meaning of the Book of Revelation, and you have not become "the Christ who has eyes like a flame of fire, and a two-edged sword in his mouth, and feet like bright brass, and hates the Nicolaitans, and has received a rod of iron", which means that you do not have in your own hands the proofs of what has been sent down from God. (11) Read Genesis "4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Whosoever slayeth Cain shall be rewarded sevenfold. Then the LORD set a sign to Cain, lest man should meet him and kill him." Awareness: "Cain took the produce of the land as an offering to the LORD" and also killed his brother who "sacrificed the firstborn of the flock and the fat of the sheep", showing that the LORD rewards and blesses those who keep the rules of Genesis, and also shows that the killing of the man who took the It also shows that anyone who kills a man who offers "the flesh of an animal" to the LORD is under the LORD's focused protection. If you have come to this realisation, you have evidence in your own hands of what has been sent down from God. (12) It was because Jesus understood the book of Genesis and knew that the "prophets of the Lord" (Abraham and his descendants) in Genesis were the incarnation of Satan that Jesus called them "Jews" who were "hypocritical scribes and blind guides". Jesus' rebuke of the Judaizers was a sign that he had "evidence in his hands from God". (13) When Jesus saw thousands of people being led into slavery by the Judaizers, he did not allow them to hide the fact that he had "evidence in his hands from God", but used the fact of his own crucifixion to prove that Judaism was a devilish, life-threatening group, and that Jesus was a "righteous man who would die as he would die". The crucifixion was used to prove that Judaism was a life-threatening devilish group and that Jesus had been a "righteous man who took death as his own. God did not overlook Jesus' actions, and he became the head of the largest sect of Christianity in the world, the "Son of God" who returned to God in heaven. (14) "God will not overlook your deeds", nor will He overlook our deeds. God does not overlook the deeds of each of us, and He sends many angels to record our words and deeds, and our deeds determine our final destination.

(140) The merging of Christianity and Judaism is a sign that the Jews are a "departed people" in terms of religion.
141. "That is a departed people, and they shall enjoy the reward of their deeds, and you shall enjoy the reward of your deeds, and you shall not be responsible for their deeds." : (1) The Bible plays out the story of the Jews. Before Jesus, the Jews had been a people dominated by the "Jewish prophets". After Jesus, the "Jewish" people was torn apart by the two religions of "Judaism and Christianity". Jesus was the "revolutionary" who, after truly understanding the teachings of Genesis, attacked his own "Judaism" and as a result, Jesus, the elite of the Jewish people, was brutally suppressed by the majority of the unwise and the devilish group, culminating in his crucifixion. The crucifixion ended his life at the age of 30. (2) The Bible only mentions the "twelve disciples", which is a form of Judaism, but in fact there were thousands of Jesus' disciples who reached heaven. If Jesus did not have thousands of disciples, it would not have been enough to cause panic in Judaism to kill him. If Jesus had not had thousands of disciples, he would not have been able to spread Christianity widely and it would not have become the state religion of Rome. (3) After Constantine the Great (272-337), when Christianity became the state religion of Rome, the Christianity of Jesus was infiltrated and counter-attacked by the Judaizers, and none of the Christians thereafter spoke or acted as Jesus did, for the Judaizers became the dominant Christianity and the Christians practised the Old Testament. There is evidence of the merging of "Jews and Christians": "111. They say: No one shall enter Paradise except Jews and Christians. 120. become Jews and Christians, that you may attain to the right way."
(4) These evidences of the amalgamation of "Jews and Christians" show that the "religious revolution" of Jesus was a complete failure, that the blood of Jesus was shed in vain, that the death of Jesus did not bring about the awakening of the Jewish nation, and that the Jewish nation was "a dead nation in religious terms". (5) Jesus' "religious revolution" was a complete failure. (5) The complete failure of Jesus' "religious revolution" is also evident in the fact that Christians do not practise the Book of Revelation, nor do they know the eight signs of Christ in the Book of Revelation, indicating that no Christian has become Christ, and that Christians are "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc., which are not the same as "Jesus". "Christians are "singing hymns and prayers, doing charity", etc., and are replacing the words and actions of Jesus with doctrines that have nothing to do with "Jesus". There are three major Christian denominations (Catholic, Orthodox and Reformed) and countless other small groups, all with similar doctrines, all of which do not allow Christians to become Christ, but instead make Christians "lambs" for "priests and ministers" to shepherd. This is not only a sign of the utter failure of Jesus' "religious revolution", but also a sign that the Jewish people are "a dead people" in terms of religion.
(6) Not only the Jewish people, but also other Christian nations, because they have not understood the definition of "Judaism and Christianity" and have not really interpreted Genesis and the Book of Revelation, are in fact a Jewish-dominated church group under the guise of Christianity, and none of the Christians in these countries have become They are all "Christ with eyes like a flame, a two-edged sword in his mouth, feet like bright brass, hating the Nicolaitans, having received the iron sceptre", all taking the Judaic indoctrination for the indoctrination of Jesus, all "a departed people" who have gone astray in their religion and do not know it, and in their They are a "lost people" who have gone astray in their religion, and whose "outlook on life and values" have been inverted with regard to their spiritual home. (7) The division of the Qur'anic Muslims into "Sunnis and Shias" after the death of Muhammad is a sign that the Qur'an has been misinterpreted and that Muhammad is not authentic. The division of a people into two sects because of their religious beliefs and the attacks between the two sects are signs of a religious misunderstanding that has led them to become a "departed people". The Islamic world has put the cart before the horse in terms of the "outlook on life and values" of its spiritual home.
(8) We have all seen that the "difference in doctrine" that has divided, hated and attacked the nation has turned their country into a demonic hell. (9) A nation with Jesus in its midst (9) A nation with a Christ like Jesus, a nation whose leaders let him lead the religion of the nation, a nation where Christ's teaching is mainstream and full of righteousness, a nation that is full of "righteous people", a nation that is the opposite of the "departed nations". Such a people is the opposite of a "departed people", "you too shall enjoy the reward of your deeds" and become a wise and cohesive people who stand at the head of the tide and lead the world.
(10) Having realised the truth, we have given a kind reminder to those who have gone astray in their religion and have become a "departed people", and we have done our duty as a "righteous people" by transmitting the Chinese interpretation of the True Exposition of Genesis and the True Exposition of Revelation to the Christian world and the True Exposition of the Qur'an to the Islamic world. We have done our duty and responsibility as "righteous people". As for whether they accept our subversive interpretation or not, we do not care, we have done what we had to do, and we have fulfilled our mission from God with a clear conscience. Of course, they are responsible for their refusal to accept our "kind reminders".

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 19 November 2017 16:40 Day 17:50 Edited on Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









