The True Explanation of the Qur'an, Chapter 3: The Family of the Imran (121-123) The Messenger of Allah is All-Knowing
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

(121) An imam is not a Messenger of God if he cannot explain the Book of Genesis, the Book of Revelation and the Qur'an verse by verse.
121. "Then you went out from your homes in the morning and set the believers in their positions. Allah is All-Aware, All-Knowing." : (1) "Allah is All-Seerful and All-Knowing" and the Messenger of Allah is also "All-Seerful and All-Knowing". If the Imam is not "all-sighted and all-knowing", then he is not the Messenger of Allah. (2) "Allah is all-seeing and all-knowing" and the Messenger of Allah is also "all-seeing and all-knowing". If an imam does not know the reason why the five religions of Buddhism, Taoism, Confucianism and Islam are one, he is not the Messenger of God. (3) "Allah is all-seeing and all-knowing", and the Messenger of Allah is also "all-seeing and all-knowing". If an imam cannot explain the Book of Genesis, the Book of Revelation and the Qur'an verse by verse, he is not a Messenger of God.
(4) When a Muslim goes out from his home and sees the devil's words and deeds around him, he has placed the believers in a position to subdue the devil. If they cannot see the devil's words and deeds around them, then they cannot place the believers in a position to subdue the devil, and the believers will not know where the "position" is, and they will become prisoners of the devil. (5) The phrase "go out from their homes and set the believers in position" means that the Muslims can see the devil for what he is by going out from their homes, that is, Christ has set the believers in position to subdue the devil. If Muslims do not become "Christ with eyes like a flame and a rod of iron" and are unable to see the true nature of the demons around them, then they cannot place the believers in the position of demon-squashing. The believers would not have known where the "position" was and would have been prisoners of the devil.

The Qur'an, Chapter 3 (122) The believers became righteous people who gave up their lives for righteousness, that is, they "trusted in Allah".
122. "Then there were two groups of you who wanted to show weakness; but Allah is their Blessed One. Trust in Allah alone, O believers!" (1) One group, when they saw the evil-doers around them, only complained in secret, not daring to speak out and advise them to turn from evil to good, and they showed weakness "on the battlefield". A group of people who, although they saw the demonic group hidden within the religion, did not have the courage of Jesus to call Judaism "a scribe and blind leader of the hypocrites", were showing weakness "on the front". These "two groups" were "candidates for Christ" and did not dare to take on the role of Christ for fear of provoking the brutal demons to strike back at them. (2) God is the blesser of these two groups because they have a good conscience and a sense of justice, and they have the same righteousness as God, so they are blessed by Him.
(3) Allah is the embodiment of integrity and righteousness, and the believers who have become righteous people who sacrifice their lives for righteousness are "trusting in Allah". If they do not become righteous, they do not "trust in Allah". (4) Jesus "trusted in God", which is why he dared to call the Jewish prophets "hypocritical scribes and blind guides". If Jesus had not "trusted in God", Jesus would not have dared to call the Jewish prophets "hypocritical scribes and blind guides". Jesus "trusted in God", and so Jesus faced the crucifixion crisis with openness, without showing weakness or running away. By facing the crucifixion with openness, Jesus proved that he is the Christ who "trusts in God".
(5) What about you, Muslim brothers? The fact that you do not dare to reveal the true nature of the devil's group shows that you do not "trust in God". You do not have the words and deeds of Jesus, which means that you do not "trust in God". (6) The fact that all Muslims have become "swirlers of salutations, devotees and bowers" and none of them have become Christ (the Son of God) shows that you have not "trusted Allah" and that you have "trusted the imams". This means that you have not "trusted in God" and that you have "trusted in the Imam", and that you have taken "the Imam's teaching" for "God's teaching".

The True Qur'an, Chapter 3 (123), states that if you "trust in Allah", you will be able to overcome the weak with the strong.
123: "You were powerless in the battle of Baidr, but Allah has indeed assisted you. So fear Allah, so that you may give thanks." : (1) Baidr, situated more than 80 miles south-west of Medina, was a necessary route on the trade route to Mecca. on 16 March 624, Muhammad led more than 300 men to intercept a Meccan caravan returning from Syria. The leader of the caravan, Abu Sufyan, got the news and sent back to Mecca for help and led the caravan on a detour back to Mecca. The next day, the Muslims encountered nearly 1,000 Meccan reinforcements at Baider, south-west of Medina, and Muhammad used his wisdom, resulting in a resounding victory. The Meccan chieftain Abu Zehri and some 70 others were killed and taken prisoner. Fifteen Muslims were killed in battle. This victory served as proof of God's blessing and won for Islam the support of the Medinas and consolidated Muhammad's authority. (2) You were powerless at the Battle of Baidar, but God did assist you because you had "trusted in God" and were all Christ (sons of God) who were not afraid to die and had the faith to win. (3) A Christ (Son of God, God of Heaven) who is not afraid of powerful forces is a "child of God" and can be assisted by God. (4) Without the mind of Christ (the Son of God, the God of Heaven), who is not afraid of powerful forces, you are not a "child of God", you do not have the "fear of God", you cannot obtain the assistance of God, and you do not have to "thank God for His assistance". "But you can "thank the devil for his assistance" because you are a cowardly minion of the devil's cave.

Posted by Li Huaiju on 9 Jan 2018 16:48 18:30 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









