The True Qur'an, Chapter 2, Volume 2 The Yellow Cow (180-185) No Muslim who eats meat has "fasted"
Taishan Taoist Understanding Religion

180. And if any of you, when you die, have an inheritance, let him make a fair will for both parents and for his next of kin. This has become your custom, and it is the duty of the reverend.
181. And whoever alters a will after hearing it, he is guilty of the alteration. Indeed, Allah is all-wise and all-knowing.
182. And if they intercede for the relatives of the testator, lest he should be partial or abusive, it is without sin. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving, Merciful.

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (183) No Muslim who eats meat has "fasted"
183. "O you who believe! Fasting has become customary for you, as it was customary for those before you, so that you may fear it." : (1) He who believes in Allah and makes one an infallible righteous follower of Christ back to heaven is a "believer". Those who have become "pious servants of God" and do not know what Christ and the devil are, and do not know that the Old Testament is an apocryphal scripture of the Jewish devilish group, and do not know that the New Testament is the true scripture for becoming Christ, are minions who have been misled by the devil, "Ibrahim", under the guise of God. They are all minions who have been misled by the devil in the guise of God, "Ibrahim", and are devils who have taken the "devil's way of evil" for the "right way of God". (2) "Fasting" means "not killing and eating meat, not stealing, not committing adultery, not lying, and not drinking". In the fourth chapter of Genesis, Abel, who killed an animal in sacrifice to God, was killed by his vegetarian brother, Cain, and this is a clear statement from God that animals are not to be killed. This is the "custom of those who came before us", and it is the custom of all religious people. (3) Any religious person who kills animals for meat and eggs is a devil who has not fasted, and is a devil who does not fear Allah, "Ibrahim".

The Qur'an, Chapter 2 (184) "Fasting for a number of days" is the "test" of "Christ and the devil"
184: "So fast for a number of days. Those of you who are sick or traveling should make up the number of days you have missed. And he who has difficulty in fasting shall pay a penalty, that is, a meal, to a poor man. He who does good of his own accord will be rewarded with more good. It is better for you to fast, if you know it." (1) In Genesis 4, "Abel", who killed an animal in sacrifice to God, was killed by his vegetarian brother "Cain", and this is a clear statement from God that "it is forbidden to kill animals This is a clear statement from Allah that animals are not to be killed. Anyone who does not have such a state of mind is a devilish slave who has been misled by the "blind guides". (2) The Qur'an states: "22 And He has made the earth your seat, and the sky your curtain, and has sent down rain from the clouds, and through it has come much fruit for your sustenance." This is Allah's "clear ruling" to Muslims that they are not to kill animals. Those who do not have such a state of mind are minions of the devil's cave who have been misled by the "blind guides". (3) Thus, "fasting has become your custom". If you break the fast after fasting for a number of days to kill and eat meat, you will revert to the nature of the devil who eats meat, and therefore "fast for a number of days" is a test of wisdom for Muslims. This is why "fast for a number of days" is a test of wisdom for Muslims. If a Muslim does not see through this "test" and really breaks the fast after "fasting for a number of days", then he becomes a meat-eating devil.
(4) A Muslim who does not know the true meaning of God's classic and really "makes up the fast according to the number of days missing" becomes a meat-eating devil who has been eliminated by God, for those who are chosen by God are "human beings" of high wisdom and high state, and are They were all "sons of God with eyes like fire" and "all-rounders" who had passed examinations in various subjects. Those who do not understand the meaning of the classics, who are pedantic, who do not know how to change, and who can only chew on words, are "scribes who pretend to be good, blind leaders", and are devilish "Ibrahim". (5) "It is difficult to fast. (5) "Those who have difficulty in fasting should be punished by giving a meal to a poor man", which is a "test" from Allah, in order to give you "a chance to argue", that is, to indulge your greed and see how you are. If you believe in it, you are a meat-eating devil who has been eliminated by Allah. (6) The beast who eats meat and the dog who thinks that eating meat is not a sin, open your eyes and read the fourth chapter of the Book of Genesis, where "Abel", who killed an animal in sacrifice to Allah, was killed by his vegetarian brother "Cain", and "Cain" received the punishment of Allah. Cain" was protected by God because he was a "righteous man" who did justice to his family. "How can Allah absolve you of the sin of death by giving a meal to a poor man when you have difficulty in fasting and break your fast to eat meat?
(7) He who voluntarily does good deeds cannot be rewarded with more good deeds because he does not know what is "false and ugly", and he will take voluntary "false and ugly" deeds as "good deeds". Not knowing what "Christ, who has eyes like a flame of fire and a rod of iron" is, and not knowing what "falsehood and ugliness and true beauty" are, he takes what is "falsehood and ugliness" to be "good works". "(8) A complete fast is essential for you to be able to do what is right. (8) It is better for you to fast thoroughly if you know what "Christ and the devil" are. If you do not know what "Christ and the devil" are, neither do you know that it is better for you to fast thoroughly.

The True Qur'an, Chapter 2 (185) God has a habit of testing our wisdom with "counter-words"
185. "And in the month of Al-Rabhatan, when the Qur'an begins to be revealed to guide the people and to show them the proofs, so that they may follow the right path and distinguish between truth and falsehood, you should fast in this month; and those who are sick or travelling, make up the fast according to the number of days they have missed. Allah wants to facilitate you and not make things difficult for you, so that you may make up the number of days that you have missed, so that you may praise Allah for His guidance and so that you may thank Him." (1) The month of Ramadan, also known as Ramadan, is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar, the name of which means "month of burning" (hot month), and is also the month of Ramadan, the holiest of the twelve months. (2) In the ninth month of the Islamic calendar, God begins to send the Qur'an to Muhammad to instruct the world about "good and evil", using the farce of the family of "Abraham" (Ibrahim) in the Book of Genesis to illustrate The "image of the devil" in Genesis is used as a clear demonstration of how Muslims can become Christian saints, so that Muslims will hate the sinful words and deeds of the "Jewish prophets" and thus follow the right path and have the great wisdom to distinguish between truth and falsehood, so that the Arab nation will become a wise and noble nation and (3) The Ninth Day of the Islamic Calendar was celebrated on the day of the Prophet's death. (3) To "fast" in the ninth month of the Islamic calendar and then return to "not fasting" shows that you have not truly understood the teachings of God, that you do not understand that "fasting is better for you This means that you have not really understood God's teachings, that you do not understand that "fasting is better for you", that you have not been able to get rid of the bad nature of your people, that you have not been able to get rid of the vices that kill life, and that you are deeply entangled with the devil.
(4) To be "sick" is to suffer "present rewards" and to "fast" completely. National turmoil, natural and man-made disasters are all manifestations of "present rewards" for not "fasting". (5) "Allah wants your convenience, not your hardship" is a test from Allah to spoil you, to indulge your greed, to magnify your "If you believe this, you are a flesh-eating devil who has been eliminated by Allah. (6) If "Allah wants your convenience and not your hardship" in order that "you may praise Him for His mercy in guiding you so that you may thank Him", such a God is a vain devil and not at all the "Old Mother" who gave birth to our lives. Such a God is a vain devil, not the "old mother" who gave birth to our lives. What "old mother" in the world expects to be praised by her children for their goodness? Is there an "old mother" who expects to be thanked by her children? Therefore, "Allah wants to make it easy for you and not make it difficult for you, so that you may make up the number of days that are missing, so that you may praise Allah for His guidance and so that you may thank Him" is not the original meaning of Allah, but a "counter-word" from Him, a "test" of our wisdom. It is a "test" of our wisdom. If you believe it, you are a flesh-eating devil who has been eliminated by Allah.

Posted by Li Huaizhu on 28 November 2017 17:10 19:00 Edited in Xuanwu Mountain, Longyao County, Hebei






Namo Maitreya Buddha!

Namo Wusheng Lao Mu!

Namo Long Hua Zhen Jing!

Namo Gong Zhang Zu!

Namo Rutong Buddha!









